Carpee Diem (Guilty Gear)

Author: Captain L

*000*2025-11-02 17:34

The barren expanse of brown rock, barely populated with tiny patches of weak greenery, struggling for life with limited water and an uninhibited sun beating down its rays during the long days. Though many tried to not think about it, and even fewer even saw it, the truth was that a vast majority of the world looked like this, the lingering after-effects of the Crusades, a war humanity had fought to defy extinction at the hands of the Gears. The humans that were left had mostly congregated in a few major regions, like the United States, Illyria, or the Eastern Chipp Kingdom. The rest of the planet remained almost abandoned.

As a result, the two women walking through the desert stood out, though there was nobody there to see, of course. Despite the harsh conditions, they sauntered along at a casual pace, even if it wasn't exactly by choice. "Ugh, this sucks," Giovanna complained. "You really can't let me on your ride?"

Unika looked back at what she carried behind her back, a weapon longer than she was tall. Admittedly, that wasn't saying much, Unika was firmly an average height. Aside from its multipurpose function as a full anti-Gear arsenal, it could also serve as a magical motorcycle, one that could get her to her destination far faster than just walking. Though, as a result, it could only seat one. "It wouldn't be safe."

"It's not like either of us would get hurt if it crashed. Though it would probably ruin my clothes, that's something I don't feel like dealing with." Giovanna pulled on one of the open flaps of her white button-up shirt that should have covered her ample cleavage, and fanned her bared skin in some futile attempt to minimize the effect of all the sweat in those narrow spaces. "Is not feeling the heat one of your special powers, too?"

"Of course not, I'm still just hu..." Despite her initial belligerent tone, Unika lost the fire very quickly. I guess I need to get used to people saying things like that from now on. Put simply, she had done a lot of things to earn the distrust of the people of this world, despite technically not even being from the same world.

Unika was the second child of Illyria's former First King, Ky Kiske, and Queen Dizzy, though she hadn't been born yet. That was because she came from a time yet to pass, from a time where a new Gear rampage had all but wiped out what remained on the Earth. Her "father", Nerville Hammer, had found a way to send her back to avert the tragedy that defined all she had known, giving her an unquenchable zeal to fight for the future.

But that never happened, as everything she knew crumbled to dust in her mission. Nerville had no altruistic intentions, only aiming to further increase his own power and become like a god. He was an even worse monster than the Gears. She could make that comparison, because the Commander Gear, her brother Sin Kiske, had fought with blood, sweat, and tears to save both the world and his new sister. A new dawn had risen, but the light had not illuminated a road for Unika to walk down from here.

She knew her "shape", but it was small comforts when she barely knew what body fit into that shape anymore. As she met several members of her real family, including her brother, parents, and even her grandfather, one common point arose: they were all Gears, and that included her. Suddenly, she needed to come to terms with being one of a race that she had been raised to despise, trained to kill, carried a weapon with the sole purpose of eradicating them.

All it had left her with was an empty feeling of guilt. So, when the fight was over and she turned herself in, some part of her expected to be executed for her crimes. She had been a terrorist, after all, no nice way to say that. Yet, the United States had been willing to give her a chance. Not without some arguments, naturally, but Unika had an opportunity to put her inhuman power to work for the good of the people and earn back their trust. That was how she had come under a sort of tutelage with Giovanna, a capable member of the President's Secret Service.

And, apparently, she had done a good job so far, since she had been granted leave to visit Vialattea, and her family by extension. Though, she'd also heard rumors that her mom specifically requested her and nobody was willing to deny the Queen on this matter. So, even if it required twisting her arm, Giovanna was acting as her escort.

"You know, you're not making the trip any easier keeping your mouth shut."

Unika was startled out of her inner thoughts. "S-sorry, I'm just... not used to talking to others quite yet..."

"Yeah, it's a pain in the ass. 'Least dogs don't expect you to hold a conversation," Giovanna noted, reaching down to pet her spirit wolf companion, REI. Despite his ghostly nature, REI still responded the way a dog would, leaning into the hand with a content expression. "Still, it's one of those things humans gotta do to survive, and you're not so different that it doesn't apply to you. Seriously, you're not hot?"

Right, that's what we were discussing earlier. Unika tugged on the thick blue coat she wore, feeling it squish in her grasp. It was very thick, the kind of thing one would expect to see during the winter. And that was without mentioning the orangish-brown cropped jacket she had on underneath it, and then there was a white shirt. Put simply, she'd be overdressed in all but the most frigid environments, it was downright hazardous to one's health in this heat.

Yet Unika was still rocking it. "Well, I think it's pretty fashionable, but..." I've never considered it, I suppose... "It's not that I don't 'feel' the heat, per se, I guess it just doesn't bother me." If even basic comfort levels are alien to me, then... Sin says he can bring humans and Gears to an understanding, but is it even possible? Still, if anybody can get through, it would be him. I wouldn't even know where to start, even with myself. How much of what I know of myself is still the human I was raised as, and how much is this Gear body I've only just discovered? And what lies between the two?

"Wait, hold that thought. Gotta take a piss." Giovanna didn't even wait to begin unclasping the straps of her suspenders, followed by undoing her belts, unclasping the button on her pants, and pulling down the zipper. She at least had the decency to turn away, but that was it, as she promptly let her baggy pants fall to her knees without taking a single step. Unika got a glimpse of the leopard-print thong leaving nothing to the imagination on her mentor's butt before her mind finally caught up with what was happening, and she hurriedly pivoted in the other direction.

There was some part of Unika that had hoped "out of sight, out of mind" would apply here. Like, if she just focused on one of the few clouds floating in the blue sky, she could just ignore what was going down behind her back. Naive and wishful thinking, as she soon faced. Nothing short of blaring loud rock music could overpower this noise, distinct and intense enough that even an inexperienced girl like Unika could perfectly picture the scene unfolding.

The time elapsed after she turned away was short, yet the sound of flowing water had already commenced. Giovanna had barely waited until she'd squatted down before cutting loose and letting it fly, urinating with a fierce hiss that crashed down hard on the flat rock ground. She imagined it had a lot of horizontal momentum, because it didn't seem to be making a puddle, just painting the stone a shade of yellow with the splattering noise unrelenting. And over all that, was Giovanna's vulgar grunts of exertion and release.

All of a sudden, perhaps an overdue sensation, Unika started to feel hot. And, while that also wasn't unusual, it all felt concentrated in her face. Regardless of the similarities, it was in no way a response to the actual external temperatures. No, the cause here was purely second-hand embarrassment, because she knew Giovanna would feel none herself. She just could not fathom the level of disinterest one needed to have to have no shame in baring your privates, yet she knew that the only reason she wasn't seeing everything of Giovanna right now was because of her own actions to prevent that. If that's part of being a human, I'm okay with being a Gear.

All of a sudden, Unika's body stiffened, her posture straightened out, and her grip on the handle of her weapon turn white-knuckle. It was a brief surge of tension, and it faded just as suddenly as it arrived, but the lingering memory was more than enough to clue her in to the root cause. I suppose that's one area where humans and Gears are identical... Though I hardly imagine it will serve as a point of connection. She shifted her weight on her ankle, feeling the fluids within her bladder slosh around.

Using organic beings as their basis, Gears suffered the same bodily needs. She had seen Sin eating first-hand, for that extreme end of proof. That meant that, yes, Unika did still need to use the bathroom. Obviously, she did still eat and drink, and all that stuff did need to come out at some point. But there was something different about her, something she had been unaware of for some time.

Unika had an isolated upbringing. Not by malicious intent (unless one counted Nerville Hammer's machinations as the catalyst that prompted the second Crusades as depriving her of companionship, which... she was still mulling over), but simply because her future had few other humans for her to interact with. It really was just her and her "father", and because this wasn't the type of subject the two talked about for obvious reasons, Unika didn't really get a good sense of how often a regular human would use the toilet. Any suspicions could be just as easily dismissed as one being a statistical outlier one way or the other.

That changed once she began working with the Americans, giving her both a larger sample size and the knowledge that she was not normal. She soon discovered that, no, peeing once a day was not the usual time between visits to the ladies' room. It wouldn't do for living weapons to stop the fight to evacuate their systems, so the many physical superiorities Gears enjoyed extended to that as well. Unika couldn't lie, that was convenient, for a number of reasons.

Though, some part of her wondered how impressive it really was, when Giovanna's splashing only just now quieted down. How long was I thinking to myself? It's not like me to blank out for so long... Where she came from, not paying attention like that could mean death, so in an attempt to make up for it, she twisted her head to peek behind her. And, like she had missed nothing in the whole period she was staring the other way, all she got an eyeful of was Giovanna's butt, pulling her underpants back up between her cheeks. That was enough to prompt Unika back into avoiding the sight, just as embarrassed as the first time, her nervous habit of twiddling her black bangs between her fingers flaring up. I think my hair's getting too long again.

Once again, the task fell to her ears to inform her when the deed was done, which was marked by the sounds of zippers and belts. Still, Unika chose not to take any risks, focused squarely on some distant mountain until Giovanna spoke up. "You know, nobody's gonna come attacking out of nowhere in a place like this. No reason to keep a watch."

"It's procedure to serve as lookout." Unika thanked her diligence in studying the manual, because it gave her a proper excuse for her avoiding looking at that kind of thing.

"Yeah, yeah," Giovanna mumbled, rolling her eyes. "Just don't keep going on about proper protocol when I'm supposed to be off-duty, or you're gonna give me an ulcer. Now come on, your turn."

"My turn for what?"

"Guess I'm supposed to return the favor. So hurry up and take your pants off."

Unika's reaction came in two parts. Wait, what?! What's that going to... Oh, wait. And after she caught on to what Giovanna meant, a portion of that concern dissipated. Just for that hole to be filled instead with frustration. "D-don't say it like that." It was subtle, but she puffed her cheek out a bit in a pout.

"Whatever. Look, you need to take a piss or not?"

Unika thought that over, which required putting a few memories into their proper place in the timeline. I guess it has been about a day since I last... So I suppose this is to be expected. She really let it sink in that, frankly, the girl needed to pee pretty bad. That sharp pain under her stomach was hard to ignore, but to Unika's credit, she was adept at bearing with it. She had been through a lot in her short life, so simply gritting her teeth and dealing with some discomfort was a simple matter.

Though that didn't mean there weren't bumps on the road, one of which she drove over as her gaze drifted over the spot where Giovanna left her puddle. It didn't have much in terms of depth, having already drizzled into the many miniature cracks in the stone, but the stains of its presence would not soon fade. Left behind was a wide cone of darkness, every one of its edges serrated and jagged, and wow, did it extend far from its narrow point of origin. Unika didn't have to actually witness its making to be able to see the impressive gushing that would have created it. And she could already safely assume that she would be able to outdo even this.

There was just one thing keeping her from following through, and it was a big one. Yet, ironically, it was something she didn't even know she suffered from. Growing up in a world destroyed by the Gears, whenever she went out into the wastelands to train her skills and firepower against them, there was one rule that could not, under any circumstances, be ignored: do not be caught with your pants down in enemy territory. That meant literally. It was an obvious law, and it was something Unika was really good at. Her body wouldn't even let her, on the one occasion her natural needs overpowered her logical thinking and she tried to pop a squat behind some rubble, only to be met with nothing. She was pretty proud of that, even if it meant bolting for the toilet the first chance she got. And it was only because of the dangerous environment; now that she was in a safer time, there wouldn't be a problem should she try answering nature's call here.

It shouldn't have been a problem, at least, and she assumed as much up until her first field training session. She got a break at some point during the day, and figured "yeah, might as well take care of business". Making sure nobody was looking at her, she ducked behind a tree, pulled down her shorts, squatted down low to the ground, and... nothing. She gave herself some time to get warmed up, even held her breath and pushed, and still her nether regions remained dry as a bone. Yet, now that she was there, despite her need, she found she was barely even thinking about it. All her senses were instead on sudden overdrive, hyper-aware of every little change in the surrounding environment, and how many of them could mean someone was about to come across her with her privates exposed.

That was the moment Unika realized: she had a shy bladder. She herself was not shy, the thought of telling someone she was going to use the toilet didn't bother her, but she needed that toilet (or facsimile thereof) to be enclosed and secure. Whether it was a result of her permanently internalizing the rules of survival when she came from, or her temperament was just always like this, she'd never know.

Admittedly, despite the overall peace in the world (despite her best efforts, to her shame), it wasn't like she had nothing to worry about when it came to peeping on her peeing. Her crimes had been forgiven to the point of being allowed to work again, but that hardly meant she got off scot-free. As a matter of continued security, and easing the worries of the populace, Unika had been placed under constant magical surveillance. At least, that's the wording as it was reported, and by extension, all she herself knew. It wouldn't do for the one being watched to know how the system worked and how to exploit it, so she had been told nothing. She at least told herself it couldn't be working 100% of the time, whatever made it easier for her to take her clothes off. Bridget may be able to bathe naked in front of a stranger, but I don't think I could stomach it.

But that willful denial could only go so far, especially when adrenaline ran high from a need to tinkle somewhere she wasn't comfortable. Though, to be fair, even if she didn't have that to worry about, it would probably still be a challenging proposition. There was never any guarantee someone, or something, wouldn't see her going, and that was all the motivation her subconscious needed. Thankfully, she had Gear biology on her side here, and she had the inner strength to just hold it in as long as necessary.

So, as Giovanna's question still hung in the air, Unika knew what her answer would be. "No, I'm really not bothered."

Giovanna sighed. "Look, kid, I'm seriously not going to stop again if you start crying about needing to leak. So you better mean it when you say that."

Now Unika was getting defensive. "I said I don't need to pee! L-let's just get going, okay?" She didn't even wait for a response, simply gripping her weapon and walking away with heavy footsteps. How much of it was her stomping in petulant rebellion, and how much was her being physically weighed down by all that pent-up urine, would remain a mystery. And Giovanna didn't argue. Not out of courtesy for her subordinate's wishes, but just because she couldn't be assed to keep harping on the same issue. She just took Unika's lead in the general direction of where they were going.

They had only taken a few steps for Unika before she was filled with equal parts regret and... the other stuff. Now that she was aware of her bladder, every shifting wave of its contents sent a stronger jolt through her nervous system than it ordinarily would have. Her free hand rubbed the area under her stomach, and she noted something troubling. It's already protruding. Not a lot, but still... She had seen far bigger bladder bulges on herself, but the fact that it was visible at all was concerning. And very tender to the touch, she discovered, as a stinging needle pierced her as she brushed against the lump the wrong way, resulting in her recoiling her arm away like it had brushed against Sol's Gunflame.

Unika had learned her lesson. Just don't touch it, that'll make things much easier. All she had to contend with was the sandpaper-like grinding with every twist of her hips that occurred when one foot was placed in front of the other. Her heart sank with a whimpering groan as the gravity of her decision weighed on her. It's fine, I still have the strength to make it to... wherever we're going. Which... probably has a bathroom. All the vagueries were not helping her constitution, and that little pulsing cramp in her abdomen beat a little stronger. Reaching into her jacket pocket, she squeezed something tightly, making an imprint in the skin of her palm.

###

The forest, with its tall trees providing a thick canopy high above, some fallen over and acting as massive bridges, was undoubtedly far more interesting than the desert they had passed through previously. But Unika wasn't seeing it quite so positively, thanks to her personal circumstances. There was more to look at, for sure, but that just meant that there were more moving objects to distract her. Objectively, the shade made it a lot cooler than the fully-exposed sun of the desert, but Unika couldn't tell, not with all the sweat cascading down her face.

It had been hours since Unika had first began her struggle with her bathroom needs. Her and Giovanna had made excellent progress on their way to Vialattea, but Unika only got worse as the journey progressed. Her bladder was putting her through agony, that could not be overstated. And to make matters worse, it was like all the surrounding trees were taunting her, telling her that a stronger-willed woman would be able to use any one of them to immediately relieve her overflowing reservoir.

At this point, she could hardly even stretch her joints to move one leg ahead of the other without some pang of protest. She didn't dare to touch the protruding bulge on her tummy again, but she didn't need to, not when her shirt brushing against it in the breeze did more than enough to break her down. And the bump from her bloated bladder had gotten so big, it was starting to look more like... well, not that Unika had been eating too much, Sin was proof that wasn't something she needed to worry about. More that her parents would think they already had a grandchild coming before their daughter had even been born. At least her shirt was loose-fitting, and it wasn't visible from a cursory glance, but that didn't make her feel any better, physically. All the pain around her stomach area made her feel a little sick, actually.

Every step was torture, and anyone else might be legitimately worried their control could give out at any moment. For better or worse, Unika knew she didn't need to worry about that. But there was one thing that gave her comfort: Vialattea was drawing close. Once the two made it there, all she had to do was pay a visit to a public restroom first, and she could meet her family with a big smile on her face. Oh, it's going to feel so good...The toilet is so close, just need to be tough and make it there before anyone sees me...

A ringing sound trilled around the two women, not entirely unlike the singing of birds that lived out here, but definitely not that. Giovanna came to a lethargic stop, raised the index and middle fingers of her right hand together and up to her ear, where a magical circle formed in the space between them. This was the most common method of long-distance communication, for basically everyone outside of Zepp. And since it was so ubiquitous, there was never any knowing what kind of conversation would take place. She'd heard quick confirmations that only lasted seconds, and full back-and-forth exchanges that could drag on for minutes. Unika could only pray this one would be the former, as she had no choice but to halt, impatiently bouncing on her heels and wiggling her hips. Pee, pee, gotta peeeeee...

Even over the repetition of her inner thoughts, Unika listened to Giovanna intently. "Yeah? ... Yeah, she's here. ... Sure, I can see it. ... Really? ... Alright, cool." The magic circle vanished, and a very subtle smile tugged on Giovanna's cheeks, probably the most Unika had seen her emote. "Good news, I'm finally off-shift, so I'm gonna hit up wherever guys hang out. You can get the rest of the way on your own, right?"

She's leaving?! "Y-yeah, of course I can." I can go to the bathroom alone! Oh, thank you so much!

"Good. Guess it doesn't matter, though, they said someone from your family's on the way to pick you up." With a half-hearted wave goodbye, Giovanna ran off without ever looking back.

Unika swallowed something big. "P-pick me up?" Please be mom, please be mom, she's the only one I might be able to tell how bad I need to go!

"UNIIIKAAAAA!"

Her blood froze. She knew that voice, that shout. It had called out her name specifically several times in the past, burned into her ears. That belonged to her brother, Sin Kiske, making him the one sent to retrieve her. Him reaching out to her had done an unquantifiable amount of good, she would never forget that, but right now, this was the worst possible scenario.

She bolted, in the exact opposite direction from the yell. It wasn't fast, but it was faster than she was comfortable with, experiencing that heavy mass bounce with each bound. Fear gave her the strength to ignore a lot of the pain, but even still, she only ran as far as was absolutely necessary, just around to the opposite side of one of the larger trees. Also without hesitation, she threw her weapon aside, and used her now-free hands to unbutton her shorts and shove them straight down as she squatted.

Nothing. It wasn't like the need vanished, she absolutely still felt the bursting, but the pee just would not come out, no matter how much it begged to be allowed to. But Unika couldn't give up, meaning she had to push. Holding her breath and shutting her eyes, she directed all her focus and power into straining her abdominal muscles, only to be met with no progress. It was more like trying to squeeze blood from a stone, rather than water from a balloon.

Yet she didn't stop, she couldn't. She had to get this pee out of her body, and she would push and strain until it happened. It has to, it has to... Sin's going to find me any second now, and then I... Her heart rate spiked, and when she finally released her held breath, every inhale and exhale that followed was hyperventilating. She even began tilting to one side and had to hastily prop herself up with a palm on the ground, due to a sudden onset of disorientation robbing her of her sense of balance. The addition of a more pressing time limit pulled her into a full-blown freakout.

Like a wave, the panic subsided, leaving nothing but shreds of remnants behind as Unika's logical, albeit veritably swimming in urine, brain returned to her. That gave her the acuity to recognize the truth: she wasn't going to answer nature's call. Her shy bladder was seriously acting up, even worse than ever before. Yeah, she was particular about where she would go tinkle, but in previous examples when she went on the floor of some abandoned, half-destroyed building, it was far from an ideal location, but she could make herself pee with enough concentration. Here, not only was the environment far more exposed to set off her paranoia, but she knew someone was on their way to find her.

Actually, putting it like that made Unika realize that going bottomless here was just asking for her worst fear to come true. "Eep!" With a hop like a cricket, she leapt to her feet, pulling her shorts back up. Though, she still hesitated getting them up where they belonged, leaving her girlhood bared for some time longer. If... If I were able to start going now... Would I care if Sin saw me in the middle of it? Surprisingly, the answer wasn't so clear-cut, and it took her a while to decide that, no, she actually didn't want her brother seeing her junk, and she pulled her shorts snug around her waist.

Bending down to pick it up would be too difficult, so she kicked her massive weapon up into her hand, carrying it in her usual backhanded way as she returned to the open clearing. And the first thing she saw there was a blue flag flapping in the wind that definitely wasn't there a minute ago. That was the object that caught her eye because it was the tallest, though not by much. Its wielder, Sin Kiske, was a buff guy, hard to miss in a crowd, which was apparently the reason he used a flag as a weapon. The time-traveling terrorist monster thought that was weird.

The discovery was mutual, as Sin's one eye locked on to her like a predator spotting its next meal. "Unika!" With incredible speed that she could hardly have reacted to, he ran straight into her face with his arms outstretched, grabbing his sister with an unbreakable grip wrapped around her torso. No denying, he was excited to see her.

Unika wished she could have the same enthusiasm, but it was difficult to muster excitement about this. Her brother hugged hard, and while Unika's Gear body had the durability to take it, Sin had Gear strength to match, leaving her struggling to breathe with his sizable pecs pushing her equally-impressive breasts against her lungs.

But that was far from the worst part of it. The huge lump on her stomach from her massive, distended bladder was also a target for agonizing compression; in this case, Sin's abs were like a brick wall that crushed her tank of urine back inwards. And, with her bladder having no room to shift its contents around to compensate, Unika swore she felt it back up to her eyes. At the very least, something came leaking out of them. "S-Sin," was all she could choke out.

"Oops, sorry!" Sin let go of her and let her drop, coughing violently. "Hey, where's whoever was bringing you here?" He looked around in every direction, and did so in a very animated fashion, leaning into every angle with a hand above his eyes.

"She left as soon as she heard you were coming." Unika continued to pound on her chest to dislodge anything in her throat that got stuck there in the embrace.

"Damn, and I was all ready to give 'em a piece of my mind! Treating you like some criminal!"

"Sin, I am a..." Unika remembered that arguing with Sin was a waste of time, he was passionate and stubborn. And even if she could win, she did not want to take the time to do so. "It's no big deal."

"Of course it is! I hear they're even watching you! Man, how are you supposed to even go to the bathroom like that?"

"Rnkgh!" You're right, but why'd you have to say it?! Unika's muscle structure seemed to all rebel at once, not wholly unlike the effects of the virus Hammer had created in an attempt to control all Gears (which included her when she was no longer useful), and her entire body tried to twist and flail at every point it could. N-no, not... now! By some miracle, she resisted, at least mostly. She tried to play off what made it through as stretching, though she wasn't confident in her acting. Sin, I'm sorry for thinking this, but... I'm thankful you're not the smartest.

And, true to form, Sin didn't catch on. "So, are you doing okay?"

No, I'm really not! "J-just fine. So we can get going, now." Alright, so once we're in Vialattea, I just need to come up with some excuse to sneak away from him, a-and then I can-

"Alright, but there's one thing that's gotta be done first!"

"F-first?" Unika could cry.

At least Sin's spirits were high, as he smiled brightly, jumping back with a tight grip on his flag. "Gotta see if your time has made you any stronger!"

Unika had faced death before, and that feeling of one final moment to hold onto one's own existence, she felt the same thing now. "W-wait, Sin, I really need to-" Fear for what would come next quickly shifted priorities, and she tried to come clean about her problem, if that might help.

Unfortunately, she was just too slow, or maybe Sin simply excelled at getting in on his targets. Sin came running at her like a bullet, and she was on the back foot in an instant. H-huh?! Ah, if I don't defend myself... Technically, this was what she had trained her entire life for, fighting a Gear, so muscle memory surfaced from the yellow lake as she took a combat stance and readied her weapon.

There was just one problem, which some might consider notable: Unika couldn't think straight anymore without constantly going back to imagining toilets. She generally hid it, her upbringing of isolation and nothing but a sense of duty shaping her quiet demeanor, but Unika could be pretty emotional when pressed to that extreme. And extreme desperation fit the bill. And, with tensions riding high, she was known to fall victim to poor decision-making.

The decision she needed to make right now was how to intercept Sin's approach, and she made that decision. Charging her weapon full of power, she switched which hand held its handle by reaching her off-hand over her shoulder from the front, and swung it in a horizontal arc. Pressing a trigger on the handle, a vent on the end opened up as the momentum picked up, allowing a blade of red energy to emit for a powerful sword swing. The move had range and power, able to stagger even a guarding opponent. "I'm ending this!"

But it had one key drawback: a slice that could shatter a boulder like that was slow to come out. Unika's haste had skewed her risk/reward sense, until she chose the risky option right out the gate in an attempt to finish the fight just as it began. Which was just the time Sin was most on-the-ball. "Elk Hunt!" Continuing to rush in, he got low to the ground and swung his flagpole. And unlike Unika, he was collected enough for proper spacing, and it made contact. Specifically, the tip of the staff crashed into the side of her ankle, and did so hard enough that her feet buckled, being pushed out from under her.

It didn't hurt very much, but that didn't mean she didn't need them. Just like any human, with her footing taken out, she came crashing down. And landed face-down, with even the large twin pillows on her chest being insufficient to prevent her bladder bulge from hitting a rock. "Kyah!" Maybe it was a case of recency bias, but Unika would say this was, without question, the worst pain she had ever felt. It was certainly the worst she ever needed to go to the bathroom.

And this time, the wave of pain did overtake her, enough for another drastic decision. Agh, fine! If it'll stop this, I'll wet myself already! This was not a compromise she came to lightly, but words could no longer describe just how wildly badly Unika needed to piss. Until it was all out of her, it would be the only thing she could think about, and that was maddening. And it could all be over if she just let go. So that's what she did, releasing the knots of tension she had been herself tangling for hours now, bracing herself for the pipes to be cleared and the flood of hot water to fill her shorts.

Yet it never came. There was some minute speck of relief now that she didn't need to actively work to hold it, but the fact was that the distended mass had no intention of moving. And Unika was beginning to see why. You're kidding me! You're freaking kidding me! I'm really this hopeless?! She legitimately didn't know it, having always made it to a toilet, or somewhere inappropriate but private enough, by this point, but her shy bladder was worse than she could have ever imagined. When she thought she couldn't pee if she didn't feel safe... that was it, it was literal and without ambiguity. She couldn't pee, even in her pants.

At least that lined up a few disparate concepts to make a straight rail for the train of thought. I can't pee because I'm not alone. I could be on my way to an actual bathroom now if SOMEONE wasn't purposefully keeping me hostage! And maybe I might be able to whizz out here, if Sin didn't insist on fighting! It's all because he's here, and because won't get off of me! That was it, a fire to rival the Flames of Corruption ignited within her soul, and Unika found the drive to fight back.

Of course, that didn't change the fact that she didn't have much room to work, but that didn't mean she had no options. Just the opposite, she knew exactly what the best move was. Holding her weapon by her side, she spun it in a half-circle, so that its barrel pointed up and away from her face, and she did it so fast that Sin wasn't expecting it. It knocked him up off his feet, enough for him to be hit by a short-range burst from the tip meant for felling aerial Gears, which at least succeeded in getting him away from her.

This wasn't Sin's first scrap, of course, so he was able to recover in the air while Unika recovered from the motion. Still, Unika also wasn't an amateur, she had honed her movements to not be left open after the attack. It at least put the two of them back in a neutral position, where the next move could be anyone's.

But Unika was determined to make it her turn, and now that she had some space to work, she could think again (with a whole three percent not revolving around urine) and return to the strategies she had honed. Gears could be big, straight fights were inadvisable, humans took their victories by using every tactic and cheap trick available, just as she learned to. And, lucky for her, Sin had one such exploitable weakness staring her in the face, right on his face.

All I need to do is hit him with one powerful attack, so he'll be satisfied. Better yet, show him I'm so strong that he doesn't try to pull this kind of thing again! As soon as she could, Unika took a page out of her brother's book and dashed straight in at him, and saw him steady the pole of his flag. But that was fine. Instead of challenging him, she swayed to the left, Sin's right, the side with his eyepatch. I can stack up some serious damage with a good opening, so I'll start with-

"Beak Driver!" Pivoting to face her direction with a perfect turn, Sin thrust the flagpole, straight and true into Unika's ribcage. Luckily, it was a blunt end, so it didn't even rip her shirt or bruise her skin, but it definitely knocked the wind out of her sails and crushed any idea of throwing an attack of her own. "Come on, Unika, you really think the old man didn't teach me to cover my blind spot," he taunted, holding a fist out in triumph.

Unika didn't even hear that. She was completely consumed by something else, something far more immediate. The strike caused ripples to vibrate across her chest, which caused her breasts to jiggle a little, but she couldn't notice. Not when it also ran over the taut, stretched skin over her bladder bulge like someone pressed her hand against her navel and started vigorously rubbing. Someone may as well have set it on fire.

If it was just the pain, that already would have been unbearable enough, but it hardly registered to her. Not in the face of a sudden boiling heat as it shot through her groin, leaving a stinging numbness in her privates while her underwear got a lot warmer. Given her "skill", she had never experienced this before, but she didn't need prior experience to know what had just happened: Unika had leaked pee into her panties.

Earlier, she would have welcomed this development. It meant her bladder was not infallible, it could be pressed into releasing, and she could wet her pants and finally be done with this whole ordeal. However, as a result of this being her first time having an accident, that wasn't the first thought on her mind. Ew, gross! Just a knee-jerk reaction, albeit a strong one. Whatever momentum her bladder was gaining, came to a screeching halt once she sent the message that she didn't want to do it any more. Even if that notion was fleeting. No, come back! Oh, crap! I just wanna PEE, I don't care if it's in my pants!

Inside, Unika felt like she was dying, but Sin didn't react in the slightest. Apparently, she had one hell of a poker face. She was making a conscious effort to stand up straight and not cross her legs, at least, which really was most of the image. Unfortunately, that also meant he had no reason to stop the fight, and she already knew this. Though, he wasn't making a move. He's... mocking me! He isn't even trying! Why won't you ever take me seriously?! "SIN!" Screaming until her voice broke, Unika charged straight ahead with her weapon brandished.

Her composure had shattered like glass, unfortunately, because after her first tactic had failed, she had no contingencies. All she could do was wildly swing her weapon around, relying solely on her brute strength in an attempt to overpower her opponent and claim victory. It wasn't something to be proud of, but she'd heard Secretary Dickinson say her grandfather fought the same way. And it might have been a valid, albeit wasteful, strategy, were her opponent not her equal.

It wasn't like there wasn't any thought going into her wild assault. Some of the moves had natural follow-ups that just came out naturally. One heavy overhead swing became a small burst of lightning that flew ahead of her, covering her approach. A horizontal slash linked into a crescent of electricity, and then a crackling blue jumping strike to strike him over the dome. Crouching low to the ground with one leg extended in a kick, followed by a sweep with both feet, followed by sliding in with a point-blank blast from the end of her gun. All taken together, it was an onslaught from multiple angles with several powerful enders.

There was just one minor problem: Sin blocked every single one of them. No matter what Unika threw in his direction, he refused to buckle under the strain, and with each defended attack, her confidence dropped like a 100 ton weight. Damn it, he did not completely dominate me the last time we fought! I'm really so hopeless when I need to pee? Gah, of course, when it's THIS BAD AND I CAN'T GO!

It severely impacted her situational awareness, too, because she was sure Sin had free reign to punish her hasty mistake. Yet, she had time to get her guard up before her brother started his counterattack, and once it had, she was determined to put on just as good a display of defense as she had been victim to. Being on this side of the dance was more stressful, knowing that just one mistake could mean a lot of pain, but it was less physically taxing. That gave her the opportunity to begin considering how she would get out of this. Remember your training. As soon as you spot an opening, turn it all around on him and shut him down! Any second now... Come on, come on, come on...

Most fights had a rhythm to them; one of the participants took their turn, and if it didn't go well, the other got to step in. Unika just had to be patient and wait for her chance. Just wait... Just wait... I'm practically bursting here, but wait... It sounded nice and proper, but the good attitude faded away when one simple fact presented itself: Sin's frenzy never stopped. Experience had taught her various rules of thumb for when an attacker would be left open, so she always mentally prepared herself for her chance, only just catching herself when she realized it wasn't over yet.

It was the false hope that was the worst part. Actually, that wasn't quite right, the worst part was the unbelievable agony as her bladder wanted to explode, but the repeated anticipation of stepping one pace closer to the end certainly wasn't helping. Every time it seemed like she could mount a comeback, Sin found the stamina to lunge ahead with another swing, or a burst of speed to charge into her; at this point, it seemed like the very laws of time obeyed his wishes. A constant string of whacks, slashes, punches, overhead cuts and low stomps.

Sure, Unika was blocking every one of them, already not the easiest task even without taking her physical state into account, but that came with its own set of drawbacks. As each blow collided with the wide surface of her weapon, with a force befitting the grandson of Justice, vibrations shook her to her bones. And more importantly, her store of urine. Ripples rubbed against the inner walls of her bladder, movement that was only possible thanks to the organ's elasticity, and even that was strained as far as it could go.

It didn't seem possible, but the pain sharply increased, "sharp" being the key word, as it felt like a knife digging into her stomach. N-no... I-I can't take any more... It's seriously going to pop! It was clear to her, her poor bladder had been pushed to its extremes long ago, it would rupture any moment now and that would be the end of her. The tears were already splitting the sides of the tank, the full, fatal explosion was inevitable. And still, she couldn't wet herself, the pipes were shut and nothing could wrench them open.

The pressure, the stress, the frustration, it all finally boiled over. "Fine, BRING IT!" As soon as Sin's offense left even the smallest gap, Unika acted. Holding her weapon vertically, with the narrow tip pointed skyward, she threw it straight down, going right through the earth and out of sight, leaving nothing but a hole in its wake. And, once her brother was in range, right in her face, it came back through a second hole, erupting out of the ground with as much velocity as it went in with. Sin may have been a superhuman Gear, and a beefy one at that, but he was still the same size and weight as a normal person. Meaning, a blow from someone as strong as him had the power to send him flying, in this case way up into the air.

At the same time, the outer casing of her weapon broke apart and revealed its core: the Thunderseal sword. In her timeline, it was the legendary blade that Ky Kiske once wielded; in this timeline, he still did. And once she gripped its hilt with both hands, she cut loose, let all her Gear power overflow. Her short black hair grew all the way down her back and glowed a bright blue, and a thick black tail appeared from just above her butt. She wasn't used to this form yet, since it would have been a dead giveaway she wasn't human if she had discovered this first, but it was a clear indicator who her parents were.

Even with her limited understanding, Unika still had a basic knowledge of what she could do. She looked up and locked onto the tiny silhouette of her brother, and with a spring of her heels, she went flying way up, well past the canopy of tree branches and into the realm of the clouds, up where Sin was tumbling. He was good, but his options in the air were lacking, and he wasn't in a place to use what he had anyway. Sin was helpless.

And Unika was not feeling merciful with her position of power. "This might hurt!" Every move she made up here was backed by a thundering bolt of blue electricity, making her impossible to track as she rode the lightning to any angle she so desired, her wild hair billowing crazily in the wind. Back, front, above, and below, no side was safe as she brandished the Thunderseal, and swung it wildly at her foe, fueled by every bit of anger and with the weight of every drop of urine. She couldn't even keep up facing him, yet still she lunged and stabbed with reckless abandon. Even someone who knew them might have thought she was legitimately trying to kill this man.

That wasn't even the end of it. After she had gotten done playing with her food, she had one final trick. Despite tossing him around like a ragdoll, in the blink of an eye, Unika appeared above him, sword hoisted over her shoulder and behind her back. "THIS IS OVER!" She swung it with everything she had, in a heavy slash that stretched the entire height of her body and with the destructive power to make mountains vanish underneath, and it sent Sin crashing way down through the branches. Because of that obstacle, she didn't see the impact, but she heard the sound of a crash like a cannon blast. That was enough to know who the winner was. "Hah... Hah... Hff, easy..."

Unika floated back down shortly after, landing on her feet but still uncoordinated, and all that excess power leaked out with her returning to usual shortly thereafter. And as soon as she did, the fatigue of fighting two fronts at the same time caught up to her, collapsing onto one knee as she lost her grip on the Thunderseal. Her vision darkened with every heave of her chest, and she started to wobble. Of course, the one sense that cut through it all and became even more pronounced amidst the fog was how badly she needed to piss.

Ironically, despite being the one laying in the massive crater, Sin was doing far better. He sprung to his feet without any sign of injury; just the opposite, actually, he did so with a lot of pep and a smile on his face. "Wow, Unika, that was a great trick you pulled out! You looked just like both mom and dad, at the same time!" He shook his head to get the dirt out of his golden hair and brushed off his pants, hopping out of the hole with a pep in his step.

Meanwhile, Unika struggled to even try and stand, and had to settle for staying where she was. "I-it's not as if this was our first f-fight. Now, if you're finished with your immature playing..."

Sin rolled his eyes and sighed. "Alright, Unika, you showed me everything you can do in a fight. Is there a reason you still feel like you can't be honest with me?"

"W-what? How am I lying to you?!"

"Well, I guess it's not really 'lying', but you could have just said you gotta pee, you know. Just feel like that'd be easier."

For a moment, literally every thought in Unika's mind revolved around urine. Granted, she was well on her way to that already, but it was true now because any other concept was wiped clean away by that statement. Her jaw hung agape, her pupils shook, and she was totally limp while Sin picked her up by her underarms and put her on her feet. All she could do afterwards was look up at him from point blank, and ask with a wavering voice, "What gave it away?"

Sin closed his visible eye and smiled. "It was a good guess! Made sense, though, didn't it?"

That didn't help Unika's brain get its bearings in the slightest, her head continued to be empty. Her emotional core, though, knew that she did not enjoy the shoe being on the other foot this time. That left more room for the desperation to dig its claws deeper into her psyche, until it simply could not be denied. Naturally, she didn't start peeing, that would have been the simplest solution. But she had to answer the call somehow, and she did just that. Dropping the Thunderseal with a loud clang, both hands shot between her legs and tightly gripped the mound of her privates, all in the name of forcing her urethra shut tight. "W-well, why didn't you say anything, then," she mumbled, shuffling the soles of her boots in the dirt.

"I figured it probably wasn't that bad if you wanted to fight."

"I wanted to fight?! You were the one who just said we were going to fight and ran straight at me before I could say no!"

"But you were still fighting just fine, so I guess it was all just fine!"

"It was not! I was dying! Seriously, I spent the whole time thinking I was going to explode, and you still felt comfortable making me work for my win!" She had a lot of confidence, chastising her brother whilst shivering and knocking her knees.

To her credit, her plea did seem to get through, as Sin quieted down and his face softened, as if he was contemplating something. Before long, however, his usual vigor returned, when he held a fist up in determination. "Alright then, I'll make it up to you! I'll make absolutely sure you get to the bathroom, whatever it takes!"

"No! Don't you dare! That's exactly what I don't want!"

"Huh? Why not?"

"Because you're just going to make a big scene out of it! You never let anything lie, you just keep pressing until something happens! And I won't be made a spectacle for this, while you start arguing with some store owner that your sister is going to have an accident for everyone to see! I don't care if it's well intentioned when all it's going to do is make me a laughing stock forever! 'Remember that terrorist that tried to assassinate the king and queen? Did you hear she needed her brother to argue for her before she went tinkle in her pants?!'" As she shouted, she stepped closer in, pushing Sin back as she stood her ground. All the while, her voice kept cracking, barely holding back tears.

Regardless of the faults in her delivery, the message got through, leaving Sin speechless. "Unika, I-"

"Don't even start! We are finally going into Vialattea, where I can FINALLY use the ladies' room, and you will keep quiet the entire tiAIYM!" Since she had marched right in to his face, Sin had a perfect view of her pupils and irises contracting heavily, and the skin on her sweaty face went white as snow. And it really extinguished her fire of rebellion, seeing as she turned completely silent in the aftermath.

And something being wrong was all it took for Sin to get concerned. "Unika? What's wrong?"

It's all your fault I'm in this position to begin with! I don't want you helping me, I don't want to tell you anything. ... "I... I leaked again... Sin, I really can't hold it any longer..." She began stomping in place and twisting her waist as she curled in on herself, in a stunning potty dance.

Yet, that was enough for Sin to relax. "Oh, is that it? Just pee right there, then! No problem!"

"R-right here?!" Unika darted her head, taking in every bit of detail of the ground around her feet, as if anything she saw would change her mind one way or the other. "N-no, I can't. Not with you."

"What, because I'm a guy? I don't mind, Ram and I whizz toge-"

"No, that's not the problem. It's..." She took her gaze away from her brother's face, and no matter how much her attention wandered, it could never make eye contact with his again. "I-I can't pee. Not in front of anybody, not around anybody, not out in the open. I just... can't, okay?" Even though the tone of her voice intended to indicate a subtle inflection, her body continued to squirm in a very exaggerated fashion, and that wormed its way into her speech by way of grunting noises.

"Um, so... what are you going to do, then?"

I don't know! I can't make it to town, I can't go out here, I can't even wet myself! Something has to give, or I swear, this is going to be the death of me! She racked her brain, running through each scenario to not only find which one would save her the most torment, but which one might contain a loophole to get around her bladder shyness. Nothing fit those criteria, leaving her no other option but to just go with her bulging gut on this. "Sin... If I ask you to wait right here, can you do that?"

"You sure you don't need me?"

"I'm sure I don't, actually. Just stay here and keep an eye out for anything weird. And if it's coming from my direction..." Her bottom lip quivered as she scraped the sole of her boot against the earth, and she looked up at him from the very upper edge of her vision. "...Promise you'll come help?"

Sin flashed both a grin and a thumbs up. "Promise. Go ahead and take a leak, Unika."

Unika only heard the first word, affirming her request, before turning tail and hurrying off, not daring to take her hands out from between her thighs for even a second. The idea that she might almost be done with this agony was enough to convince her to ignore whatever pain she felt and just book it, although she couldn't overlook that sensation of the massive volume of fluids shifting around like someone swirling a glass, she swore it was throwing off her balance as she dashed.

Every move she made was a high bound, a necessary piece to avoiding the many protruding roots as she weaved between the trees. And, since her legs had to split to accomplish that, her hands had to pick up the slack and clutch tight, hard enough that the urine that had seeped into her panties was wrung out into the fibers of her black shorts. And with the very real threat that more would soon follow if she continued to exert her exhausted body.

Honestly, she could stop now, ducking behind whatever tree caught her fancy would satisfactorily conceal her. But she already knew that wouldn't be enough. There needs to be a zero percent chance Sin can see a single hair, or hear a single drop, or I can't do this. So, in spite of the tsunami of omens that an ocean was about to erupt in her pants, Unika continued.

In the end, it was less than a minute of sprinting total, but it could have been half a day for all she knew. And even then, the only reason she stopped was because she physically could not keep up the exercise. She tried, making a couple more steps after screeching to a stop, but the effort it took to bend her knees at that point was equivalent to bending steel with your bare hands. Gotta... GO! She had to settle for simply stumbling behind the trunk of the nearest tree.

Leaning back against the rough bark, making her very grateful that the skin of her back was covered by two or three layers, Unika had no choice but to rip the bandage off. She needed to get her shorts off, which would be impossible with her hands jammed into her crotch. They not only needed to come out, they needed to take the time to unbutton and unzip before anything could safely flow, time she scarcely had.

Do it fast! Give credit to Unika, her resolve was strong, she didn't waver as she yanked her hands out and pinched their fingers around the clasp at the waistband. Surprisingly, not holding herself didn't make any difference; nothing could stymie the mounting need. And the second surprise, perhaps due to her biology being scientifically developed as a war machine, she retained a startlingly high level of accuracy and composure. She had little trouble in getting the button through the slit, and no problem pulling the zipper tag down to the bottom of its rail. The front opened up and began to sag, making them easy to pull down with her underwear as she hooked her thumbs around the waist and shoved them to her ankles. And with that, she could bend her knees and squat down low in a blur. Unika held her breath, awaiting the flood as the valve was opened.

She could hold her breath until she was blue in the face (and she did), but it didn't make a difference. Aside from a few stray drops that lingered from one of the errant leaks, no fluids emerged from her private parts. It was the same hurdle that she had needed to wrestle with prior to now, that massive tank of water that would remain frozen and out of reach. Annoying and concerning before, sure, but those earlier attempts, or any previous similar moments in her life, had one stark difference to the present: sheer volume. This was far beyond a simple "I need to pee really badly", and while it may not have seemed it at the time, every earlier example of her shy bladder was just that. No, now, that bladder was legitimately at risk.

The steep curve and expansion on her stomach was immediately apparent as she looked down, belying the factor to which the balloon had stretched. She had to imagine it was already well beyond what a human body could achieve, but even Gears had their limits. If it didn't drain very soon, it would rupture in a violent mess, and every plan of atoning for her sins would be washed away. And it's going to happen because I'm too weak to just make it come out! Come on, come on! Desperate times called for drastic measures, and if she could force it out, that was good enough. That explained why her next bright idea was slapping the bulge with her open palm. It didn't even hurt, not in a way she could recognize. She just blacked out upon impact, only coming back a few seconds later. The temporary loss of consciousness was also not the answer.

This is it... I'm a goner... Unika buried her head between her legs, feeling the dribbles of tears on the thin strip of exposed skin on her thighs. But why?! Why can't I let go here?! S... Sin promised he'd keep things safe. I... I trust him. Even though he's all the way over there, and... he might not get here fast enough. Her right hand found its way into her pocket, clutching something pointed and hard she kept in there. No, he's always come running to save me, even when I didn't know I needed to be saved. Any time I'm in trouble, he'll be there. He's my...

Unika realized what it was she needed, the only problem was getting it before she popped. Using the tree as support, she stood up, which felt like lifting a car with the weight it took, and nearly made her sick. At least she had the foresight to pull her shorts up when she did so, bending down to get them afterwards would have been a problem. As was trying to put them back on; her bladder had originally expanded around their tight fit, but now that it bulged out freely, it would not be confined once again. She had to settle for a loose fit without the button or zipper, leaving her white panties pretty exposed.

She scurried off in the direction she initially came from, this time making very small, shuffling steps where her feet barely left the ground. The constant vibrations served to not only further irritate the walls of her bladder, but also shimmy her shorts down her legs. She wasn't using her hands to hold herself any longer, freeing one up to keep her pants from falling all the way down.

Eventually, Sin's golden hair came back into view, and the sticks being trampled underfoot likewise alerted him to her as the gap closed. He looked up at her, again, with a smile. "All set, Unika? That was pretty qui-"

Before he had time to finish that thought, Unika reached out and firmly gripped his wrist, not saying a word before turning tail and going back. It caught him off-guard for a second, but he stopped resisting before long and simply followed her lead. A lead that turned out to only go to the nearest tree. It didn't seem wholly necessary, since they were the only two here, but she wasn't taking any chances. She just couldn't take the risk of any stranger, human or otherwise, seeing her butt.

Once she had her back against the pillar of wood no wider than she, she let go of Sin, doing so with a toss that pushed him more in front of her, so she could speak directly to his face. "I don't want you to look at me, and try your best not to listen to me. Just... stand there and h-hold... Hold my..." Unika had so much pee in her, she was having trouble just speaking. She could only make her point by extending her arm, holding out an open hand with the most pitiful expression she could muster.

It was enough for Sin to get the message. "Sure." He took his place at her side, turning his back to her as he swung one arm behind him, wiggling the fingers to indicate a readiness, one Unika took with her left, each wrapping their fingers around the other's palm. Once again, she squatted with her shorts and underpants down, waddling in her low stance to steady her balance.

Unika was back in this unfortunately familiar territory, squatting with her genitals out, awaiting the urine's release. And again, all was quiet. Although, Sin's presence made Unika acutely aware of every minuscule detail, knowing that her brother would hear exactly the same, which made her even more nervous. As soon as there's any trickle, he's going to hear all of it. And I just know it's going to be loud. He'd probably have heard it if I could get it to come out the first time.

Just to confirm she herself didn't miss it, she looked down between her legs, at her groin. And her embarrassment doubled, ironically because she couldn't see her girl parts. She had never asked one of the scientists behind the Gear Project (aka her grandparents) why this was the case, maybe it was just a side effect of their advanced metabolism so they had the energy to keep fighting, but Gears' hair grew exceptionally quickly. Unika herself preferred to keep it short, lest it get in her way in action, so she sheared it every few days. That accelerated growth applied to her pubic hair as well, leaving her with a thick, black bush completely covering her junk. And ever since she saw Giovanna naked in the locker room and learned such dense foliage was not normal, she had gotten a little self-conscious over that fact.

Her heart rate continued to rise, and she could hardly breathe. Agh, this isn't helping! And Sin's going to know everything! She inadvertently squeezed her brother's hand when her muscles tensed, and she felt it squeeze back. Not in any crushing way like she was doing, but in a reassuring way, to signal that it wouldn't let go.

It gave Unika ample opportunity to note every detail. The skin was rough, its lines deep and apparent, with callouses on its knuckle pads. It was a fair bit larger than hers, easily able to envelop her palm. Its fingers were thick and firm as they interlocked with hers. And it's... warm. This is the hand that relentlessly reached out to me, even when I did everything to push it away. The hand that pulled me free from my prison, the hand that destroyed my old self, the hand that-

"Ah!"

Her ears were met by the gentle sound of trickling water. The sky was free from gray clouds, and there were no tributaries anywhere nearby, so there was only one possible source. She felt a small pang in her nether regions, but one so intense that it could have been either boiling hot or ice cold and she couldn't tell the difference, but she could tell it was moving down. Small flashes of reflected light were visible in the space between her thighs as she looked down, but it disappeared quickly. She could just barely spot it when it returned, but again, it vanished after only a second.

"It's alright, Unika."

Like a magic incantation, Sin's words had a power over her, because that's all it took to erase her inhibitions. Immediately, the splattering sound of hard liquid on soft earth picked up again, like the beginnings of a rainstorm. As she looked down, she spotted the hose emerge from under the cover of her carpet, splashing further ahead from her crotch... Right towards the crumpled pile of her bottom wear that rested on the ground at her ankles. "Ah, shit!" She quickly used her remaining hand to reach down and pull them up out of the way, just before they would have gotten soaked in collateral damage, though getting some urine on said hand in the process.

But the pee stream didn't stop at her shoes. It continued to extend outwards, and in the process, got thicker and messier, its hissing noise growing exponentially just as rapidly. And neither stopped until she was peeing an arc that stretched her full body height out from her girl parts, all the while releasing a shower of drops off both sides at a rate that gave the impression of a consistent, wide cone. Even though the weather today was temperate, being contained in an abnormal body for such an extended period still resulted in visible wisps of steam to rise.

At first, Unika felt numb, like just her bottom bits had been electrocuted and the nerves were still knocked out. As the seconds ticked forward, however, the vibrations of her pee tickling the folds of her genitals chipped away at the ice, until all of a sudden, it exploded and drowned her in sensations. "Ah... Ah, AHHHH!" Unable to piece together anything even remotely coherent, all she could do was make primal noises. Her tongue slipped out of her mouth as she started panting and drooling, and the only vocalizations she could muster were grunts, squeals, and moans that would have sounded incredibly inappropriate, if either of them knew what it was they sounded like.

Her ears were met with all kinds of chaos. As she sprayed down the grass, the bodily fluids continued to pound the ground, this time like being caught in the midst of a severe storm. The earth continued to absorb it, but nature had no chance of keeping up with nature's call, and the excess puddled up above. That made the noise just a straight-up waterfall, relentlessly splashing and foaming as it continued to drown all the space around it.

She could see it, through tears in her eyes, greedily consuming a circle that measured feet in diameter. Its color was hard to discern; the speed at which it flew made it appear lighter than it actually was, but once it settled down, it darkened to an equally inaccurate degree, thanks to the brown soil refracting through. Actually, it also mixed in, being dislodged by the force of impact, washing away a canyon of dirt in its wake. And it didn't even have the decency to keep clean; a backsplash erupted off anywhere liquid met solid, with her thighhigh stockings getting caught in the crossfire, tinkle streaking down into her boots.

Unika could hardly believe it. She was peeing. She had pushed out some crazy pisses before, thoroughly soaking her butt when the toilet water recoiled back up, but nothing even close to this. Over 36 hours of building up left her unable to remember what it felt like to be so empty. Her bladder and kidneys no longer a hair's edge from bursting made her feel so light, as if the gentle breeze could sweep her away. She would have fallen over, were it not for the support of her back pressed against the tree, and a brother anchoring her in place.

The former should have been her rock, but it was the latter that felt invincible. She knew, for a fact, that the world could come crashing down and he would never let go. It was enough to make her forget why she was so nervous before. Of course I was never in any danger, not when he was close by... It wasn't something she was especially used to, but a smile slowly lifted her cheeks.

And that was just how things continued for a while: a neverending spray of urine that sent waves up her spine, where it caused her to shudder and groan. So much water left her body, it felt like she would shrivel up, but it just kept coming. It was hard to accurately remember how much Giovanna had peed earlier today, when she didn't actually watch any of it, but she did have to wonder how many tens of times larger hers was.

As true as that was, Gear bladders were still bound by physical laws, there was a limit to the volume they could contain. Unika was approaching the end of her reserves, which meant another minute of gushing. The last minute, however, saw the hose begin retreating back closer to mommy, its cacophony muffled down to... a loud human pee. And she was thankful her boots were water-resistant, because she was going all over them for a second.

And soon, it was done, and she had the presence of mind to note her work. She had seen a future where Gears had laid waste to everything, and after seeing what they did just by peeing, it was no surprise. A valley had formed in the soil, a recessed road to the ground zero crater, filled by a layer of foam that remained as the urine vanished. For a Megadeath-class Gear, even a potty break could leave a scar on the earth.

After all that, the sudden silence was the eeriest part, save for a few dribbles that had gotten stuck in her hair. And she knew, for each one that found its way out, there were more that remained imprisoned in the strands, and she would need a good wipe to clean that up. But she wasn't the type that kept tissues on her, and as much as she looked around, there weren't any leaves within arm's reach, not even ones washed away in the river. "Er, Sin? Could you..."

"Hm?"

"...never mind." Reaching back and bracing her arm against the tree, Unika stood up, albeit wobbling in the ascent, compounded by her wiggling her hips to shake loose a bit more. Though, most of that either ran down her legs or just dropped into her clothes, still at her ankles, so it may not have been a net positive. Speaking of, she reached down to grab her shorts and panties, but it was a bit difficult to stretch far enough with only one hand to get a good grip. Come on, almost...

"Do you want me to let go now, Unika?"

"Huh? Oh, right." The siblings disengaged their shared grasp simultaneously. ...Come on, Unika, don't get so attached... Now it was a lot easier to pick up her clothes, and she did so, sliding them snugly into place. "Ghkh!" And her underwear refused to be ignored, the hem of the leg holes sticking to her skin. And I'll have to bear with this for the rest of the day.

"Are you all set," Sin inquired, twisting his head around to face her.

"H-hey, I didn't say you could look!" Don't look at my puddle, please! "Just start walking, I'll tell you when you can turn around."

"Okay then." He did as he was instructed, back the way he initially came from when they first met today. "Don't worry, I'm a great tracker, I still know the way exactly."

He had already gotten several steps ahead before Unika acted. And she acted in a way she didn't consciously intend. "Sin!" With a short hop, she caught up to him, and wrapped her arms around his stomach. "...Thank you. Thank you so much for doing this." She buried her face in his back.

"It's no problem. You needed my help, so I gave it. That's exactly what I'll always do."

Less than half an hour ago, Unika's response to that would have been belligerent, stubbornly insisting she didn't need him to coddle her. But now? "Thanks." She reached into her jacket pocket and pulled out what was inside: a small, golden cross necklace. Just looking at it made her red eyes water. "I got your pendant. It's wonderful."

"See? Now we match!" She couldn't see it, but she heard the identical pendant that Sin always wore jingling.

"Hehe. Yeah..."

They stayed like this for a minute, but eventually, Unika found the strength to let go. "Let's go home. Mom and dad are waiting!" Sin rushed ahead, like he wasn't fatigued in the slightest from their earlier bout.

Unika had a much harder time keeping up; she was exhausted. As she reached up to clear her bangs from in front of her eyes, she found herself needing to scrape them off her forehead, with sweat matting it to her skin. Her feet felt like they were filled with lead, and her lungs could not stop heaving. And her legs felt...

She skidded to a halt. "Um, Sin? Before then, can we... stop at a bathroom first?" Bashfully, she twisted her heel and scraped the dirt around her soles.

"Huh? But you just went!" Despite the discussion taking place, Sin still didn't turn around. "Oh, wait, do you also need to-"

"No! It's definitely not that!" It would be a way bigger mess of a problem if I had that to deal with too! "I just need some privacy to..." Unika tried to find the words, but they just wouldn't come out. And no wonder, it was an embarrassing thing to say, especially to her brother. But more embarrassing than helping me pee? That got her priorities straightened, and the subject of the request came easy. "Can you not let mom and dad know that I won't have panties on when we meet?"

