Alexia`s School Day

Author: Conteur

*000*2021-02-11 09:49

“Wake up honey the bus will be here in five minutes.”

“Aww come on can’t I just stay home.” Alexia said, yawning.

“It’s the last week and besides it’s all half days like you said so just say goodbye to your friends and get your yearbook signed.”

“Ughhh fine, I guess.” Alexia said dragging herself out of bed.

“Hurry up and get changed before the bus comes.”

“I’m just gonna wear this shirt with my pajama pants. It’s only class parties for the end so I’m not worried about looking great.”

“Alright sweetie”

Alexia began grabbing her backpack and quickly combed her blonde hair down to fix her bed head as best as she could.

“Hurry honey your bus is early.”

Alexia hearing this quickly ran from her room and headed towards the front door and said goodbye to her mom. As she ran towards the bus the cold morning air against her stomach gave her goosebumps. “Maybe a crop top wasn’t a great idea.” She thought to herself as she got onto the bus.

Arriving at school Alexia began walking to her first period and stopped at the drinking fountain on the way to her class. Alexia stood for what felt like almost three minutes drinking water as she completely forgot to grab a water bottle before she left home. Once she finished the first bell went off which meant she had five minutes to get to class.

Entering the class room she could see that they were just gonna be watching a movie while eating snacks and drinking soda for the next hour. The movie was quite entertaining and actually made the class period go by rather quickly and before she knew it the bell was going off and it was time to go to her next class.

By this point Alexia has realized that she never went to the bathroom when she had left her house and started feeling the need to relieve herself, but also didn’t want to have to use the school toilets. So she decided to hold it till the end of the school day as “it's only three hours of school anyways.” she thoughts to herself.

Now arriving in her second period she sat down and waited for the teacher to say what they would be doing for the hour long class period.

“So to celebrate you guys graduating high school I decided we would do some school work.”

“You're joking right?” One of the kids up front said.

“Yeah I’m just messin with you guys. You really think I wanted to plan something. Anyways you guys can just do whatever.”

After about thirty minutes of Alexia just playing on her phone while talking to her friend she decided that she was starting to feel desperate enough to need to pee and decided to finally ask if she could go.

“Hey would it be alright if I-“ was all Alexia got out before being interrupted by the speaker.

“The school is now entering an emergency lockdown as a store was recently robbed nearby and the suspect is on the run.” The loud female voice on the speaker said.

“Alright I'm gonna lock the door. Everyone get into the corner and stay quiet.” The teacher said quickly, ignoring whatever Alexia was about to ask.

Alexia went and sat down on the floor next to her friend.

“Of course right when I was about to ask to go to the bathroom this had to happen.” Alexia whispered to her friend.

“Ah come on I doubt this will last that long. How bad do you have to go?” Alexia’s friend Kelly asked in a concerned tone.

“I didn’t pee when I left home this morning. I feel like I'm going to burst soon.” Alexia said, holding her crotch to try and help.

“Try not to think about it. Let’s talk about our summer plans to get your mind off of it.”

After about thirty minutes of sitting and waiting the lady on the intercom announced “The suspect has been apprehended. The lockdown is now over.”

By this point Alexia had been rocking back and forth with her hand pushed against her crotch for the last five minutes trying not to pee herself. She didn’t tell her friend, but Alexia was pretty sure she had peed herself slightly.

“Well since class is over in two minutes you all can leave early.” The teacher said as he got up and turned the lights back on.

Alexia not wanting to be embarrassed tried not to make it obvious how much she needed to pee and just getting up from the ground made her feel herself let out a spurt on accident. By this point Alexia could barely walk and as soon as she could she started heading towards the bathroom at the end of her hall which was only about a thirty second walk from her classroom normally. Alexia was forced to move slowly towards the bathroom and finally reached the door after what felt like an entirety of moving forward inch by inch. As she grabbed the door handle and attempted to quickly open the door the handle didn’t move.

“This has to be a joke right.” Alexia thought to herself as the need to pee became urgent and now the closest bathroom towards her was the one near the cafeteria that was almost a two and a half minute walk at a normal pace. Not wanting to waste time and already feeling her underwear were damp enough she as quickly as she could started heading towards the bathroom, but then a problem arose as the bell rang and a bunch of students now poured into the hallways. Alexia struggled even more to hold her pee as the crowd of people around her pushed her small 5’4 frame around. By the time she reached the bathroom she could feel that some pee was in the crotch of her pajama pants, but thankfully it wasn't obvious.

As Alexia hobbled into the bathroom she looked to the left and was relieved the stalls were open, but as she hobbled towards them she then heard a familiar voice to her right.

“Well if it isn’t Alexia.” Rebecca said with a rude tone.

“Please not now” Alexia replied back in a pleading tone. Scared of what the bullies might do.

“Aww what's wrong. Are scared?” Rebecca's friend Trinity said.

“Please I’m just here to go pee.” Alexia pleaded again while standing still with her legs crossed and her hand pushed into her crotch.

Rebecca and Trinity were both outcast bullies of the school that had almost been expelled before for getting into fights with the other girls. Each girl was around 5’8 and had been on the girls wrestling team before getting kicked off for bad grades and having too much in school suspension.

“Here let us help you with that.” Rebecca said as she and Trinity walked closer to Alexia.

As Alexia heard Rebecca say that she quickly tried to walk backwards as fast as she could, but couldn’t get away fast enough. Trinity stepped behind her and blocked her from moving back any more. Rebecca now stood in front Alexia looking down on her. Alexia was so worried that she felt another spurt of pee begin to run down her leg and soak into her sock. Rebecca then pushed Alexia and Trinity put her foot behind Alexia’s heel. This caused Alexia to fall down onto her butt and put out her hands to land onto. Alexia could do nothing now to stop herself from flooding her pants.

Alexia was now frozen on the floor peeing herself. The loud hissing sound made it obvious and quickly she felt her butt become drenched in the puddle that quickly formed under her.

“Oh my god Trinity do you hear that.” Rebecca started laughing now at Alexia who was still frozen on the ground peeing herself..

“Look at the puddle. Oh Jesus, can you smell that Rebecca?” Trinity said as the smell of dark yellow puddle filled the area.

“Are you just gonna sit there in your little piss puddle you little baby?” Rebecca said in a mocking tone.

“Jesus look at how big the puddle is Rebecca.” Trinity said slightly laughing at Alexia’s situation.

Alexia had no clue what to say. She had finally stopped peeing herself, but it didn’t matter as the butt and crotch of her pajama pants were now soaking wet. The back of her pants were soaked all the way up to her waistline and down to her thighs from sitting in the puddle.

“Get up now you big baby.” Rebecca said with an evil grin, “Come on Trinity let’s pick her up I have one last thing I wanna do.”

Each girl grabbed one of Alexia's arms and lifted her up off the ground. This now made all the pee soaked into her pants and panties begin to run down her legs and into her shoes.

“Hey Trinity, watch this.” Rebecca said as she grabbed the back of Alexia’s soaked pants and then yanked them up to give Alexia a wedgie.

Alexia didn’t even try to stop it. She could feel more of her pee get gushed out of the fabric and run down her legs. The smell of pee was so bad that she knew it would be apparent to anyone that she peed herself. If her sopping wet pants didn’t already make it obvious enough.

“Ew you disgusting brat you got your piss all over my hand. As if just the smell of you wasn't bad enough.” Rebecca then looked over at Trinity, “Come on let's wash our hands then get out of here before pissbaby starts crying.”

As Rebecca and Trinity left they both looked at Alexia and laughed as they left the bathroom. Alexia still stood frozen before finally beginning to cry. As she looked down with tears in her eyes she could see the large puddle that was around her feet. Alexia looked forward into the mirror and could see herself standing in the puddle with dark streaks running down the center of her pajama pants. Her Pajama pants were obviously hiked up in the back from the wedgie she received that she still had not removed. Still crying she finally moved her hand and grabbed the back of her soaked bottom and began to pull it out of her butt cheeks. The pee soaked fabric slid out quickly and left Alexia’s hand covered in pee.

Finally deciding to move, Alexia began walking towards the sink and could feel her wet pants sticking to her legs. Alexia stood at the sink sniffling while she washed her hand. She didn’t know what to do. If she left now it would be obvious she pissed herself, but if she waited someone might come in and see her or the kids on the bus would smell her or notice her wet pants. Her only chance would be to wring her pants out and walk home and hope no one would notice her.

Heading into the large stall she started to take off her heavy pajama bottoms that made a splat sound as she let them fall down onto the floor. after she took them off she noticed her white panties were now slightly see through from how wet they were. Standing in the stall with her bottoms off she started to roll up her pants and begin to wring them out over the toilet. With each large surge of pee gushing out of her pants it made her feel more embarrassed by the fact that she was eighteen and had peed herself like some baby.

After wringing her pants out till no more pee poured out she placed them on the purse hook and began to grab the toilet paper to wipe down the pee droplets that were still on her legs. Her skin felt rubbery and slightly sticky from all the pee and as much as she thought about it she didn’t want to use the toilet water to clean her legs.

Grabbing her pants off the hook she now began to put back on the now slightly damp, but completely covered in pee bottoms. They didn’t feel as heavy as before, but still felt gross to be walking around in and the smell was still awful. Knowing that time was of the essence she grabbed her bag and began to walk out of the stall past the puddle that reminded her of what happened almost five minutes ago. Washing her hands she then wiped her eyes one last time to try and hide the fact that she was crying.

Now walking to the door she opened it slightly to see if she heard anyone, but it seemed quiet. Now stepping out of the bathroom she quickly became extremely anxious especially when she saw a kid sitting at one of the cafeteria tables, but as she stared at the kid she was no longer worried when she realized he was listening to music looking at his phone. To avoid going past the kid Alexia went to the right and walked out of the cafeteria building. She looked around now and saw a couple of students walking outside and not paying much attention to her. She decided her best course of action would be to leave through one of the gates behind the school as it was likely no one would be there.

As she walked she was thankful the sun was at least out and that it was hot so she could hopefully have her pants somewhat dried quickly as she quickly grew uncomfortable from the feeling especially with her thighs slightly rubbing causing her pants to chafe. Every now and then between steps she would feel a drip run down her legs from her panties that she now regretted not wringing out, but it was too late to worry about that now. As she rounded the corner to the back of the cafeteria she saw the open fence gate she wanted to head for to get off the school premises and begin to walk home.

“I need to check how long this is gonna take.” She thought to herself while pulling out her map app. Typing in her home address from where she was she then checked the app and read “Estimated 30 minutes”. “Oh come on.” She whined to herself.

*

After only twenty minutes of walking she felt that her pants were now almost completely dry from the hot air, but everywhere near her panties was still grossly damp and when she reached down into the back of her pants to feel her underwear it was obvious that they weren't going to dry out as they left her fingers slightly damp. Being outside now helped her smell issue she was dealing with earlier, but every now and then she would catch a whiff of the disgusting smell of her dried pee pants. Her hands also reeked from just touching her pants as she walked.

“I hope this smell leaves me and my clothes. Last thing I wanna do is throw away some clothes cause some bully made me piss myself.” She thought to herself angrily. By this point she was starting to get tired of being constantly anxious of some stranger or a friend realizing what she did, but her panic couldn’t be stopped till she got home and she was now entering her neighborhood ready for the shower she needed.

@@“Oh thank god.” She sighed with relief that no one was at her house. Opening her front door she threw her bag down onto the ground and ran to her room to get a change of clothes and a towel. Shutting the door to the bathroom and locking it felt like having an anvil lifted off her shoulders. Finally able to shower she pulled down her pajama pants and could feel the damp and grossly dried parts. After throwing her pajama pants to the side she then grabbed her panties and was grossed out immediately by the disgusting feeling of grabbing her wet pee soaked underwear. It felt as if not a single spot was dry. As she pulled them down the wet rough feeling of them rubbed her legs and felt like she was taking off a wet bikini. She then picked up the wet and slightly cold underwear and threw them into the corner by her pajamas pants. Even with her clothes off she could still smell that the stench of pee was still on her with a slight annoyed sigh she then said “This better come off.” as she hopped into the shower ready to wash away the day.

The end

@@criticisms also copy and pasted from a google doc I wrote this in so any weird formating is from that.

&&

*003*2021-05-13 22:59

{{On 2/23/2021 at 2:25 AM, Daredare205 said:

All the text is black, I can't see it. I can highlight certain parts of it, but that would take forever and be very distracting

}}

Sorry I did not realize this as I have a thing on google that auto changes stuff to dark and I'm not sure if I can edit it.

