After School Accident

Author: Cromwell

*000*2019-02-18 05:59

Hey guys, so this is my first ever fiction. I hope you guys enjoy it.

I remember the most embarrassing moment of my life, as if it was yesterday. It was 2:30 in the afternoon and I was running late for my final class for the day. I did kind of had to pee at the time maybe 4/10, but I couldn’t afford to waste any time because I absolutely had to make it to class, as there was a written assignment. Running down the hall I see the douchebag Ethan. “Oh fuck please doesn’t talk to me now” I thought to myself. So quick backstory on Ethan, he’s this douchebag who thinks he’s so big with the ladies, but really he comes off as pathetic. He’s taken to flirting with me and asking me out, which lead to me breaking his arm, but that didn’t stop him. “Hey Maya” Ethan greeted in his cheesy tone. Blegh, I hate him. “What’s the rush pretty chicky?” I tried to move past him but he blocked my way. “*Sigh* Fine, I’m running late for class and there’s a really really important assignment happening”.

“An assignment huh? You know you could just drop that and hang out with me instead”.

“Or I could break your arm again Ethan” I remarked. “*Sigh* You got me there. Fine you can go, but you owe me”.

“Sureee I do, jerkwad”. Finally, for what seemed like forever I moved past him and made my way to my room. I enter. “Ah just in time Maya, we were about to start without you”.

“Sorry I’m late sir, won’t happen again”. He simply responded with “Mhm”. He hands me my paper, then steps to the front of the class. “Ok, you have 1 hour to complete this task, I wish you all luck. Once you have completed the task, you may place your papers in a pile on my desk and leave QUIETLY, thank you. You may begin now.” The test was on Algebraic equations, a cakewalk for me at the time, yet it seemed there were just enough questions to keep one occupied for the full hour, that’s if you attempt them all.

About 10-15 minutes into the test, I take a sip of water, as I was slightly parched from running to class. 30 minutes in I started to feel slightly more desperate at about a 5/10, and I was starting to fidget a little, but I was ultimately focused on the test. “5 minutes remain. Keep focused”. I take another drink of water at about this time, finishing my drink bottle off. Another 5 minutes pass. “Time up people, well done if you managed to stay this long. That’ll be all for today you are dismissed”. At that point I was bursting at about a 6-7/10, so I quickly got up to leave. “Hold up Maya, may I have a word with you?”

“Sure sir, what is it?”

“Regarding your performance in class recently”.

“Oh no…” I groan to myself, but just loud enough for him to hear “Oh no its nothing bad, it’s just that your recent work has attracted attention from higher ups, specifically the CSU” (Charles Sturt University for those that don’t know). “You’ve been admitted for early entry into University”.

“Oh man” I thought to myself “that’s insane”.

“I’m speechless” I finally say, “I really don’t know what to say, that’s incredible, but I’m not sure what I’m going to do yet”.

“That’s quite ok to be unsure Maya, everyone’s uncertain especially at your age”.

“I’m sure you’ll figure things out eventually, but you’ve heard enough from me, time for you to go, don’t want to miss the bus now do we?”

“No sir, thank you” I said my goodbyes to my teacher and left the room to go to the bus stop. On the way however I took a detour to the toilet because I was absolutely busting for a leak. The detour took about 2 minutes because the school was absolutely huge. Now that I think about it they really didn’t have that many toilets. Much to my surprise, it was closed for cleaning purposes.

“Damnit” I said to myself in a hushed undertone. There was nothing I could do at that point except go to the bus and wait on the ride home. The walk there wasn’t eventful, but waiting there the bus was late. 15 minutes later, the teacher supervising the students eventually notified us that it had broken down, and the next bus would be there in another 30 minutes. “Fuck it I can’t wait that long” I think to myself. I was getting pretty desperate at a solid 8/10 now. “Maybe if I go pop a squat somewhere private?” I thought. I do that, moving off behind some bushes. I start to get into position but I hear a voice. “Hey Maya.” Oh shit I’m busted. And it was none other than my crush at the time, Cole. “What you doing there?”

“Nothing” I respond a little too quickly. “Just looking for something I dropped”.

“Ok that’s fine, do you need a hand?”

“No I’m fine I just found it” I let out a nervous giggle as I pretender to pick something up. “Hey so I heard about your bus, sucks huh. Listen I just got my license, so if you want I could give you a lift?”

“Oh my fucking god” I thought to myself. A 15 minute drive with Cole, my crush. The thought caused me forget about my bladder for a split second. I let out a quiet eep as I felt a spurt drip through my clenched vagina into my panties. “That would be awesome Cole thank you”. We got into his car which wasn’t too far thank god, and we got onto the road. I remember every time we stopped felt like it would last forever. We made some light conversation over the trip, nothing too interesting. But as my bladder was at its limits and beyond, I was fidgeting quite a lot, and Cole was noticing. “Are you ok Maya?”

“Yeah I’m fine i-i-ii-it’s nothing” I stuttered getting a little nervous. “Ok if you’re sure”. We turn onto the road I live on and we pull over. “Thanks for the lift Cole”

“Anytime Maya”, he responded politely. “Hey listen..”

“Oh no what’s he going to say?” I asked myself. “He’d better be quick otherwise ill lose it” Thinking of the relief at hand, I inadvertently let out another squirt of hot warm piss into my slightly damp panties, however this one lasted a little longer. “Fuck I don’t have much time, hurry up Cole” I think impatiently. “So um, ive got um a c-confession to m-make” He stuttered. “Is he nervous?” I inquired in my head. “What is it Cole?”.

“Well um… uhhh”.

“its ok tell me”.

“Well I uhh.. I kind of…”

“FUCK, I can’t hold it anymore”

“Hm? “ utters Cole. The boiling piss I was doing so well to hold back rushed out of my clenched vagina, soaking my panties immediately. I felt relieved as the piss rolled down my jeans and pooled under me in his car. Lasting for over a minute, I started to slow down and eventually stopped. Realizing what I had just done I speak “Oh my fucking god im so sorry Cole, I really had to go, I should’ve told you sooner. I started to cry. Cole simply hushed me, he told me it was ok. And here’s the shocker. HE KISSED ME! I responded to the kiss positively, kissing him back. I guess I was really turned on back then? I don’t know why. But now that I think about it, it was really hot. What this leads to can be a story for another time.

Thanks if you made it this far. If you would I'd like some feedback on my work. Thanks again, looking forward to making more in the future, as this was probably the most fun I've had writing in a long time.

*003*2019-02-19 00:28

@Imouto Bouquet

Thanks for the advice. I'll certainly take that into account for future writing

