A Knight and Her Problems-an original fiction - Page 2

Author: Char242

*036*2018-03-26 06:20

Part 8

Hawk and Lisa were about half-way back to the campsite when Lisa noticed that Hawk seemed a little pale. “You don’t look too good. Is something bothering you?” asked Lisa. Hawk did not respond, rather he continued walking as though he were in a trance. Lisa tried a couple more times to get his attention but nothing seemed to work. After the third failed attempt to get his attention, she picked up a small stone and threw it at him. Normally Hawk would have easily dodged it but he was so wrapped up in thought that it hit him in the back of the head.

“Damn it!” he screamed as he fell to his knees, rubbing the back of his head. “What the hell did you do that for?”

“That’s what you get for not paying attention to me,” fumed a pissed off Lisa. “Now that I've you’re your attention, I want to know what’s got you so bothered.”

“Honestly, I’m bothered by the fact that you hit me in the head with a rock,” replied Hawk, still massaging the lump.

Lisa slugged him in the arm. “You know damn well that’s not what I meant. Tell me what’s got you so distracted that you’re ignoring me.”

Hawk paused for a moment as he debated whether he should tell Lisa about seeing Necra as well as his history with her. He ultimately decided against it. “I was just thinking about maybe doing a little target practice while I’m out here. I have my bow with me right now after all.”

“That’s what’s been bugging you? I’ll never understand why the gods saw fit to give me an archery nut for a brother.”

“I’m not an archery nut,” replied Hawk as he racked his brain for a good insult. Suddenly his mind went blank as he was overwhelmed with a sense that they were being watched. “Hey Lisa, would you mind going back to the campsite without me? I have something I need to do.”

“Whatever archer boy, just don’t be gone too long.” And with that Lisa walked away. As soon as she was out of sight, Hawk turned around and pulled an arrow from his quiver.

“I know you’re there so you can come out now.” No response came. Hawk closed his eyes and took a deep breath. As he cleared his mind, he could hear the sound of a breeze blowing through the tops of the trees and with it came a scent he had smelt once before. His eyes shot open as he spun to his left and fired an arrow high up into the trees. Seconds later, the sounds of leaves rustling among the trees became more intense despite the wind remaining the same. Hawk knew that whoever had been watching him was now on the move. Without a moment’s hesitation, he began pursuing the stalker.

###

Roughly fifteen minutes later Hawk found himself in a small clearing surrounded by tall trees. By this time, he had lost track of the person he was chasing. Believing that the stalker was long gone by now, Hawk walked over to the widest of the trees and leaned against it in order to catch his breath. As he thought about what to do next, he slowly began lowering himself into a sitting position. The moment he placed his hand on the grass to the side of him, he felt something wet.

“That’s strange,” said Hawk to himself as he wiped his hand on his pants. After several minutes, he got up and was preparing to leave when he felt something drip onto the back of his right hand. Hawk instinctively looked towards the sky but saw not a single rain cloud. Without really thinking, Hawk sniffed the back of his hand, his eyes widening in shock as he realized what it was. “WHY THE HELL AM I ALWAYS GETTING PISSED ON?” screamed Hawk at the top of his lungs. Suddenly he drew another arrow and shot straight above him. A couple seconds later he heard a small cry.

“WHAT THE HELL!” screamed a voice from the top of the tree. As Hawk backed away from the tree, he noticed the figure sitting in the tree was none other than Necra. She was sitting on a large branch with her legs over the side. “Dammit boy, you damaged my mask,” cried Necra as she struggled to hold the non-shattered portion to her face.

“It’s you own fault for not coming out when I asked you to.” As Hawk looked up at her, he could see that she was still wearing the long black robe she had on the day they met four years ago. “How the hell were you able to move so fast in that thing anyway?”

“Simple,” replied Necra, “I just change its form.” Hawk watched in amazement as the robe began to change into a black tunic and a black skirt. As Hawk moved his gaze back to her face, he saw that she was no longer wearing the skull mask. Instead she had covered her face from the nose on down in a shroud of black cloth, presumably made from the same material as her robe. Looking at her, Hawk was able to confirm that one of her eyes was indeed as blue as the sky while the other looked like that of a corpse. Hawk noticed that the skin surrounding the corpse-looking eye was covered in scar tissue.

As his gaze moved upwards, Hawk was able to see that Necra’s hair was jet black with a ghostly white streak running down the middle of her hair. Without even knowing what the rest of her face looked like, Hawk could tell that Necra was beautiful. As his eyes shifted back to the branch that Necra was sitting on, Hawk noticed that from where he was standing, he could easily see up Necra’s skirt. It didn’t take him long to realize that Necra wasn’t wearing anything beneath her skirt. “Enjoying the view down there?” asked Necra.

“I’m sorry,” shouted Hawk as he averted his gaze, his face becoming extremely red.

“There’s nothing to be sorry about. I honestly don’t care if you see what’s down there. In fact, if you’re still curious I will be more than happy to give you a better look,” chimed Necra as she lifted her skirt. Hawk tried to fight the temptation the best he could, but in the end his instincts as a man took over. He focused his gaze back on her, and the moment he did, he jumped back as a rain of gold splashed down on where he had just been standing. By this point, Necra was standing on the branch. Necra was using one hand to hold onto the branch above her and the other hand to direct her stream straight at Hawk.

“WHAT THE HELL ARE YOU DOING?” screamed Hawk as he tucked and rolled, just missing being doused by jet of piss.

“Oh come on,” taunted Necra, “how do you expect me to hit you if you keep moving?”

“I’m moving because I don’t want to be pissed on. Tell me why you’re doing this.”

“I have two reasons. The first is that I really had to pee. You see, shortly after I lost you, I decided to relieve myself under the tree here. However, I had to cut things short when I sensed you approaching. I then climbed up this tree and waited for you to be gone. Unfortunately for me, you took too long to leave and a little slipped out. Not that I really mind though as I sort of enjoy that feeling of being wet. Society says that it is not proper to wet oneself and that such an action is naughty. If I’m being truthful with you, committing such a naughty action turned me on to the point that I wanted to drench my entire robe with my piss. Ahh, just telling you this is getting me more excited,” she exclaimed as she began massaging her crotch a little.

“That’s just sick,” replied Hawk as he dodged another squirt of liquid gold. “What’s the second reason?”

“This is revenge for breaking my favorite mask.”

“Isn’t this going a little overboard? I don’t even see how this is a suitable punishment.”

Necra cut off her stream for a moment. “You’re right. This isn’t a suitable punishment for you seeing as you like this sort of thing. But honestly I’m having fun so I’m going to keep doing it anyway.” With that, she started her stream again, this time just barely splashing Hawk’s arm.

“I don’t like getting pissed on!” screamed Hawk.

“That’s weird. I really thought you liked this sort of thing especially since you’ve allowed both that succubus and the elf to pee on you. Or could it be that you like to be the one doing the pissing.”

“The incident with Lizzy was a complete accident and I only allowed Lilith to pee on me because that was the only way to treat a rash. As for peeing on Lisa, I had no other choice but to do it in order to treat her rash.” Hawk thought for a moment. He reasoned that there was no way that Necra could know about this stuff unless she had been spying on him and the others. “It’s obvious that you’ve been spying on us. How long have you been doing it?”

“Oh, I’d say on and off for the past four years or so. If you’re referring to the present, I would say ever since you left Solaris to begin this little trip of yours.”

“Why are you following us?”

“That’s a secret.”

“Tell me.”

“No.”

“TELL ME NOW DAMN IT!” screamed Hawk as he dodged another piss jet, drew an arrow, and shot it at Necra.

“SHIT!” screamed Necra as she dodged it, only to lose her balance and fall. Luckily for her she was able to grab on to the branch she was previously standing on. “Oh no, I’m slipping. Please help me.”

“Hang on, I’ll catch you” yelled Hawk as he ran right underneath her and looked up.

“Gotcha,” shouted Necra. Before Hawk could move out of the way, Necra unleashed a waterfall of piss down onto Hawk’s face, nearly drowning him in the process. When she was finished, she easily hoisted herself back onto the branch and began laughing. “You really are gullible.”

“You’re a bitch,” choked Hawk as he tried to spit the foul taste out of his mouth. He took a few steps back and then prepared another arrow. “Tell me what I want to know now or I’ll shoot another arrow at you. If you’ve been watching me as long as you say you have, then you know that I hardly ever miss.”

“Sorry, I’ve got nothing to say.”

“So be it,” said Hawk as he let loose the arrow. He watched on in shock as Necra easily caught the arrow just milliseconds before it could enter her chest.

“It seems to me that you need to be retaught the basics of fighting,” said Necra, her demeanor becoming much darker. “Rule number 1: never let your emotions get the best of you. Rule number 2: never underestimate your opponent.” As she said it, she threw the arrow right back at Hawk. As he dodged it, Hawk realized that Necra had thrown it with enough speed and power that it could have easily killed him had it hit. He couldn’t help but stare in amazement at the arrow penetrating the ground just inches from his feet. Turning his gaze back up to the tree, he noticed that Necra was gone.

Suddenly he could feel warm breath on the back of his neck. “Rule number 3: never take your eyes off your opponent.” Hawk spun around but there was nobody there. The forest was silent for a few seconds. As Hawk turned his head, he had just enough time to see a large blade coming at him. He quickly dove out of the way, the blade missing him by just millimeters. Looking up, he saw Necra standing before him and she was wielding a giant scythe. “Rule number 4: never let your guard down.” Necra raised her scythe and brought it down on Hawk. Luckily Hawk was able to use his bow to block what would have been a fatal blow.

“I get it already. Let’s stop this before somebody gets hurt,” pleaded Hawk as he began to realize that this wasn’t a fight he could win without serious injury. Necra took another swing at him. This time she managed to land a cut on Hawk’s body starting from his right shoulder, extending diagonally across his chest to just below his ribcage on the left side. By a stroke of pure luck, the scythe had hit the leather strap of Hawk’s quiver. While the strap was completely destroyed, it had saved him by taking the brunt of the blow. Even still, the cut across his chest was still deep enough to draw blood. Hawk lost his balance and fell backwards, the spilt contents of his quiver lying next to him. The next thing he knew, Necra was sitting on top of him, pressing the blade of her scythe to his neck.

“Last but not least is the most important rule. Rule number 5: don’t start something you can’t finish. Now do you have any last words.”

“It looks like this one is a draw.”

“What are you talking about? I’ve clearly won.” As Necra looked down, she noticed that Hawk was holding an arrow just millimeters from her heart.

“You forgot about rule number 6,” said Hawk, “always stay two steps ahead of your opponent.”

“Damn it,” cried Necra as she backed off. “You let me cut you on purpose just so that you could get close enough to deliver a fatal blow, didn’t you?” Hawk nodded. “You sure have guts, but I'll let you in on a little secret. Normal weapons aren’t enough to kill a lich. All you would have accomplished by stabbing me is buying a few more seconds of life.”

“I’m fully aware of that.”

“And yet you were still prepared to do that anyway.”

“Yep.”

Necra laughed. “You truly are an interesting human. I guess I can entrust you with some information but you must promise not to tell another soul.”

“You have my word.”

Necra looked him over before deciding that his word was good enough. “I am on a mission from the underworld. I come from clan of liches whose sole duty is to keep the balance between the worlds of the living and the dead. Part of that requires hunting down and eliminating rogue reapers.

“Rogue reapers? What are those?”

“As the name suggests, rogue reapers are grim reapers who have gone rogue. The job of a grim reaper is to escort the souls of the dead to their rightful resting place, Heaven for the souls of the righteous innocent and Hell for the souls of the wicked and the damned. However, there are some reapers who have chosen to instead devour the souls of the dead in attempt to become stronger. Some of them have even gone so far as to orchestrate the deaths of those not yet meant to die to use as fuel for their own ambitions. Their ultimate goal is the creation of a world where the grim reapers can reign over the worlds of the living and the dead.

“And what does this have to do with me?”

“It would seem that a rogue reaper is targeting you. Unfortunately, it is not uncommon for a rogue reaper to orchestrate the killing of someone close to their target before taking their target’s soul. The reason for this is that a soul tastes best once it has been thrust into complete and utter hopelessness and despair. I predict that if the reaper is not stopped, one of your friends will surely be dead before the next sunrise. After that, it will come for you.”

“So, then all I have to do to stop it is wait for this reaper to show up and kill it, right?”

“It’s not that simple. As they are now, reapers are incapable of killing living creatures directly. However, they can get the living to do the dirty work for them by manipulating their emotions and insecurities. If the conditions are right, they can even manipulate someone into taking their own life. Thus, it is unlikely that you will ever see the rogue reaper and even if you did, it’s impossible to kill a reaper with mortal weapons.”

“So, then what am I supposed to do?”

“There are two things that you can do. The first option is that you can help you’re guildmates survive by preventing them from doing something stupid like killing each other or taking their own lives. The second option is to offer your soul to save your friends. When a rogue reaper’s plans are achieved or thwarted, they will usually leave because it is too dangerous for them to stay in one place for too long. While you decide which action you will take, my job will be to track it down and slay it before it’s too late.”

“Why are you helping me? I thought you wanted my soul.”

“That’s why I’m helping you. I’ll be damned if I let that creature take what I have already staked my claim on. Now you best get going and try not to breath a word of this to anyone. If the reaper finds out about this, it would make it much harder to stop it.”

“Alright,” said Hawk as he turned and picked up his quiver and bow. “You’re a fool though if you think I’ll let either of you have my soul.”

“You truly are an interesting human,” laughed Necra. As she turned to walk deeper into the forest, the smile faded from her face. “But that’s why the reaper is targeting you in the first place. It will be your fault if anyone dies, and if it comes down to it, I will kill you to save her life.” With that, Necra disappeared, leaving Hawk with more questions than answers. All he knew was that something was coming and if he didn’t find a way to stop it, someone close to him was going to die.

To be Continued

*039*2018-04-07 09:12

Part 9

After hearing some startling news from Necra, Hawk’s mind was stricken with a sense of helplessness and dread. How could he possibly stand up against a creature that he couldn’t see, let alone kill? At this point all he could do was try to keep the girls safe without letting on about what was really going on. Hawk became so lost in thought that he was almost three-fourths of the way back to camp before he remembered that he was covered in Necra’s piss. “Damn that stinks,” muttered Hawk as a breeze pushed the urine smell into his nostrils. “I can’t possibly go back smelling like this.” He stopped for a moment and thought about what to do. After mulling over his options, he decided that he would go jump in the river. He thought that at the very least the river would wash away the smell.

About ten minutes later, Hawk reached the drop-off just above the river where Lilith had pushed him in. As he looked down at the water, he began to hear humming echoing from down the river. His curiosity peaked, he began walking along the slope above the river, using the bushes and trees for cover. A few minutes passed before he found the source of the humming. Hawk settled down on another small drop-off just above the river. From his vantage point, Hawk could see Lizzy sitting at the edge of the river washing clothes. But what really caught Hawk’s attention was that she was wearing only her underwear. His attention soon shifted back to the song Lizzy was humming. Lizzy’s humming soon turned to singing. Hawk had heard Lizzy hum before but this was the first time he heard her actually sing.

As Hawk listened closer, he realized for the first time that she was singing in her elfin language. Although he couldn’t understand a word of what was coming out of her mouth, he still thought that her voice was like that of an angel. Mesmerized by Lizzy’s song, Hawk began edging closer to the edge of the drop-off. Suddenly he lost his balance and tumbled forward over the drop-off. “SHIT!!!” he screamed just before he hit the water. Luck was on Hawk’s side once again as the water was deep enough to avoid injury. Seconds after hitting the water, Hawk surfaced only to find a clearly startled Lizzy staring at him.

“What the hell are you doing?” cried Lizzy. When Hawk didn’t respond, Lizzy looked behind her and saw the drop-off. “Were you spying on me?”

“Yes, but I didn’t mean too,” said Hawk. Lizzy shot him an angry glance. “What I meant to say was that I got so caught up in your singing that I couldn’t help but watch you.”

Lizzy’s face went beet red. “You heard my singing?”

“Yeah, and I thought it was beautiful,” admitted Hawk as he began moving towards dry land. Of course, he completely forgot about what he smelled like.

“What is that smell?” asked Lizzy as she pinched her nose.

“I was chasing a wild pig and ended up getting peed on,” he lied. “Please don’t tell the others.”

“I won’t say a word,” she replied back. Lizzy then averted her gaze, her cheeks redder than before. “Since I’m already washing clothes anyway, I could wash the ones your wearing too. At least this way you won’t go back to camp smelling like that.”

“Sounds good to me,” said Hawk. As Lizzy looked back at Hawk, she noticed that Hawk had already begun stripping. Lizzy couldn’t help but admire Hawk’s muscular body, but what really caught her attention was the scar that ran along his chest. Hawk had gotten that scar while trying to protect her and Lisa during the bandit attack four years earlier. Every time she saw it, she couldn’t help but feel responsible as it never would have happened if she had not been captured so easily in the first place. Lizzy then shifted her gaze to Hawk’s legs and noticed that he had not taken his underwear off. Without even realizing it, Lizzy let out a small sigh of disappointment at not getting to see Hawk completely naked again. Hawk must have heard her sigh as he said, “Would you like me to take these off too?” Hawk then made a show of grabbing his underwear as though he was seriously going to pull them down.

“That’s okay, I’ve seen more than enough of your crotch over these last couple of days. Besides it’s not all that impressive anyway.” Lizzy felt dirty the moment she said it. She also felt a little perverted for secretly having wanted to see it again.

“That’s harsh,” laughed Hawk as he handed her his shirt and pants. He then moved closer to her and whispered into her ear, “Just so you know, I would’ve stripped naked if you asked me to.”

“You’re a pervert,” cried Lizzy, her face reaching a whole new color of red.

“I was just joking. Man, the look on your face was just priceless.” Although in reality, Hawk had been completely serious.

“Just shut up and get in the water already.”

“Alright.” As Hawk entered the river, he watched Lizzy as she set about washing his clothes. He couldn’t help but think about how beautiful she was and how much he wished he could make her his. Moments later, Lizzy finished washing Hawk’s clothes and laid them out with the other clothes she had washed in the sun to dry. She then proceeded to walk into the water and ended up settling right next to Hawk. “What are you doing?” asked Hawk, beginning to get a little nervous.

“I was getting hot and needed to cool off. Do you have a problem with that?”

Before Hawk could respond, a familiar voice called out from the trees, “Hey Lizzy, are you almost done washing the clothes?” The voice belonged to Lisa, and from the sound of her footsteps she was getting closer.

“Hold your breath,” screamed Lizzy as she pushed Hawk under the water and proceeded to sit on his chest. Seconds later, Lisa emerged from the trees and made her way to the edge of the river.

“What are you doing?” asked Lisa as she noticed that Lizzy was acting a little suspiciously.

“I’m just taking a dip in the river while the clothes dry.”

“You’re taking a dip in your underwear?”

“Yeah, is there a problem with that?”

“Not really,” replied Lisa. She paused for a moment as she looked around. “I could have sworn that I heard Hawk’s voice. Did he come by here?”

“As a matter of fact, you just missed him,” lied Lizzy as she used the full weight of her body to keep Hawk underneath the water. “He ran past here a couple a moments ago chasing after a wild pig. I’m sure that once he’s finished with that he’ll head back to camp.”

“You’re probably right,” replied Lisa. For a few brief seconds, it appeared as though she was going to leave. However, Lizzy’s hopes were quickly dashed when Lisa removed her shirt and pants. “Do you mind if I join you?”

“I don’t think that’s a good idea,” replied Lizzy.

“Why not?” As Lisa began moving closer to the river, Lizzy knew that she needed to think of something. Suddenly air bubbles began spurting up from beneath her. They were from Hawk who by now was struggling to hold his breath. Lisa clearly noticed them but obviously didn’t know what they were as the next thing she asked Lizzy was, “Did you just fart?”

“I did no such thing. I am a lady and ladies do not fart,” declared Lizzy. Just as she said that, a few more air bubbles breached the surface.

“Are you sure? The bubbles coming from beneath you seem to say otherwise.” Lisa paused a moment as she tried to figure out Lizzy’s strange behavior. “Or could it be that you’re trying to hide something?”

“I’m not hiding anything.” Of course, Lizzy’s denial only made her sound more suspicious. Lizzy watched in horror as Lisa stepped into the water and began to slowly make her way towards her. Realizing how bad things might look if Lisa managed to get closer, Lizzy knew that if she was going to drive her away, then it was now or never. Luckily for her, Lisa had given her an idea for how to drive her off: Lizzy would need to rip the biggest fart of her life and pray that it would be enough to make Lisa leave. Of course, she was painfully aware that Hawk was right beneath her and would thus feel it, but she didn’t have any other choice. Lizzy took a deep breath and with all the force she could muster, ripped a big one and in doing so, she accidentally peed herself a little.

“Holy shit that stinks!” screamed Lisa as the smell hit her. She quickly turned around and got out of the river. “Maybe I’ll join you another time,” she said as she threw her clothes back on and left.

“Thank goodness that’s over,” said Lizzy. Suddenly a pair of hands burst to the surface, grabbing her breasts in the process. Before she had time to respond, Hawk shot up to the surface with enough force that Lizzy was knocked onto her back while Hawk landed on top of her.

“I thought I was going to die,” said Hawk as he began gasping for air. It only took a few seconds for the smell to hit him. “Damn Lizzy, what the hell did you eat?”

“Could you please get off of me?” whined Lizzy. As Hawk looked down, he realized that his hands were clutching Lizzy’s breasts.

“I’m so sorry,” replied Hawk as he jumped back. Hawk watched as Lizzy stood up, her face a shade of red that Hawk never thought possible. He then noticed the yellow spot on her white panties.

“Let’s just forget this happened,” cried Lizzy, tears of embarrassment beginning to form in her eyes. Suddenly she felt a twinge in her bladder, the kind of twinge she only felt on the occasions when she would severely embarrass herself in front of Hawk. She knew that it was only a matter of time before she would explode and all she could think about was getting away from Hawk before that happened. As Lizzy spun around toward the river bank and took a step forward, she felt her bladder spasm. Hawk managed to grab her just as she lost her balance. “Let go of me,” she cried as she spun around and pushed him away. Unfortunately for her, as Hawk fell backwards he accidentally grabbed onto her bra, ripping it off in the process.

“Owww,” cried Hawk as he fell on his butt, “what the hell was that for?” As he looked up, he saw that Lizzy was now topless. For a brief few seconds, Hawk noticed that Lizzy’s left breast seemed different than the one on the right although he didn’t have enough time to figure out the difference.

“NOOOO,” she screamed as she covered her breast with her arms and fell to her knees. Her cheeks were now stained with her tears. Hawk crawled over to her, and unable to hold back his curiosity, grabbed Lizzy’s arms and forced them out of the way. As he stared at her breasts, he noticed that the left one was indeed different from the right. The area around the left nipple was partially deformed and covered with scar tissue. Hawk knew instantly that this was the result of an accident he caused roughly four years earlier. He couldn’t help but stare. “Don’t look at it, it’s hideous,” sobbed Lizzy.

“I don’t think it’s hideous at all,” replied Hawk.

“You’re lying” spat Lizzy, her eyes now filled with anger. “You find this disgusting, don’t you?”

“No, I don’t. It’s a part of you and thus it is beautiful.” As Hawk looked into her eyes, he could tell that she didn’t believe him. Before Hawk even knew what he was doing, he gently placed his lips on her nipple and kissed it. Lizzy’s body trembled and a soft moan escaped her lips. Hawk stared once more into her eyes and declared, “There is no part of you that I could ever find disgusting.” He then released her arms, knowing full well that Lizzy would likely beat the hell out of him for his actions. Hawk closed his eyes in anticipation for the first hit but it didn’t come. A moment passed before Hawk opened his eyes to see Lizzy staring at him intensely.

“It will make more than a simple kiss on my bosom to make me truly believe that you are sincere. Prove to me that I can trust what you say.”

“I will do as you wish,” Hawk softly replied, moving closer to her. He then lowered his head and wrapped his mouth around the partially deformed nipple. Lizzy’s entire body shook in ecstasy as Hawks tongue playfully caressed her nipple. Seconds later she felt something moving on her right breast and as she looked down, she saw it was Hawk’s hand.

“Stop,” she muttered, although the tone of her voice and the trembling of her body said otherwise. By this point her breathing had become heavy and she was squeezing her knees together in desperation. Lizzy could feel the urge to pee welling up inside of her, but at the same time she didn’t want Hawk to stop.

Hawk moved his mouth away from her breast. As he looked at her, the urge to make her his grew stronger and stronger to the point that he could no longer hold himself back. “You’re lips say one thing, but your body says another. I will not stop until you truly want me to.” He then grabbed her left breast with his free hand and then began massaging the nipple between his fingers.

“Please stop,” moaned Lizzy, her tone still contradicting her words.

“Give me a good reason why?”

“Because if you don’t, I’m going to wet myself,” as she said it, the yellow patch on her white panties grew slightly larger. Hawk took notice of this and smiled.

“You’ve already soiled yourself. At this point you might as well just let it all out. I’ll even help you.” Hawk then placed one of his hands inside her panties and began tapping his fingers on the top of her crotch while simultaneously applying pressure. It became too much for Lizzy to bear and within seconds her panties were filling up with golden water. Hawk felt the warmth engulf his hand and for the first time he didn’t care about being pissed on because it was Lizzy’s piss that was now running along his fingers. The ordeal lasted for about a minute and a half and by the time Lizzy was finished, there was not a single patch of white on her once clean panties. As Hawk removed his hand from her panties, he said, “We can’t exactly leave you like this.” Then like a man possessed by his own sexual desires, he grabbed Lizzy’s panties and began removing them.

“PLEASE STOP!” screamed Lizzy. As Hawk looked up, he saw fresh tears streaming down Lizzy’s cheeks. What he saw in her eyes was much worse. The look in her eyes was one of pure terror, one he had not seen since the incident with Edward. Hawk was instantly brought back to his senses. He stopped what he was doing and moved away from her.

“I’m so sorry,” he said as he sprung up and ran off further down the river, trying to put as much distance between them as he could.

###

As soon as he thought he was far enough away, he stopped and knelt down by the river. “What have I done?” he asked himself as he looked down at his piss stained hand. As he turned towards the water to wash it off, he could have sworn that the reflection he saw in the river was not his own but Edward’s. Hawk then jammed his fist into the reflection and as the ripples faded, the reflection he saw was once again his own. “I’m a monster. All I do is hurt anyone who gets close to me. Maybe it would be best if I just disappear.” Suddenly Hawk felt something wet run down his cheeks. He then touched his dry hand to his cheek and realized that he was crying for the first time in almost ten years.

“You’re not a monster,” replied a voice behind him. It was Lizzy who was desperately trying to catch her breath.

“Get away from me,” shouted Hawk as he jumped to his feet. “If you get near me there is no guarantee that I’ll be able to hold myself back. I truly am just like Edward.” Suddenly Hawk felt a sharp stinging sensation across his cheek.

“Shut up. You are nothing like Edward. If you were, you would have kept going no matter how much I told you to stop. Besides, monsters like that guy don’t cry tears of remorse.”

“I’m so sorry Lizzy, I don’t know what got into me.”

Lizzy walked over to Hawk and pressed her forehead against his. “It’s alright, I know that you would never do anything malicious to me. In fact, I’m probably just as much to blame as you are. I sort of led you on and things got out of hand. Until I know whether I can truly return your feelings, I think it’s best that we try to take things slow and let whatever happens happen.” Lizzy then extended her hand out to Hawk, “Are we good?”

“Yeah, we’re good,” replied Hawk.

“We should probably head back and get our clothes now.” As the two began walking back up the river, Lizzy asked, “Hawk there’s a question that has been on my mind since you confessed to me earlier today. Do you mind if I ask it?”

“Go ahead.”

“Who did you enjoy kissing more, me or Lilith?” Hawk did not answer. Instead he kept walking. “Come on Hawk, I need to know this stuff before I can make a decision.”

Hawk stopped and turned to face her. “You know damn well that I only have feelings for….” But before he could finish his sentence Lizzy grabbed his face in her hands and planted a passionate kiss on his lips, her tongue playfully dancing with his. As she pulled back, all Hawk could do was stare at her. “What was that for?” he stuttered.

“That was revenge for making me wet myself.”

“How the hell is that revenge? Honestly that seems more like a reward to me.”

“No, it is revenge because it’s the last kiss you’ll be getting from me for a long time. I hope you enjoyed it,” she said with a playfully wicked grin. She then turned her back to him and walked away.

“Ha ha, very funny,” said Hawk. He paused for a moment waiting for her to say it was a joke. When that didn’t happen, he began to get a little nervous. “You were joking, right? Right?”

“You’ll see,” sang Lizzy, enjoying how flustered Hawk was becoming.

“That’s not fair!” cried Hawk as he followed behind her. Suddenly he felt a cold chill run down his spine. As he stopped and turned his head towards the trees, he could have sworn that he saw a dark shadow watching them only to disappear within a blink of an eye.

“Is everything all right Hawk?”

“Yeah, everything’s alright,” replied Hawk. As they continued walking he whispered under his breath, “Let’s just hope things stay that way.” Of course, what neither of them could have known was that a tragedy would soon befall there guild later that night.

To be continued…

