Riverdale: an Anthology

Author: cleverpun

*000*2019-10-08 01:24

Apologies for the repost; I wanted to update the story but realized I had tagged my previous post incorrectly. While this chapter and the one I'm about to publish don't have messing, I plan on including it in future chapters; as such, wanted to give people the heads up. Below is a repost of Chapter I, Chapter II will be close behind.

Hi all, I've been kicking around a few ideas centered on the TV show Riverdale. If you haven't seen it, it's basically Archie Comics meets Twin Peaks -- a complete mess of a product, but entertaining nonetheless. All the actors are well over 18, and my descriptions hopefully indicate that, so pretend as though this world is staffed entirely of 18+ high schoolers. By the standards of the original Riverdale, that's actually pretty normal.

This first chapter is based on the pilot episode. I stripped out a lot of the original plot elements (Jason Blossom's death, etc) but may bring them back in later installments. This chapter has a lot of background in it and it somewhat light on the wetting description, so I apologize -- going forward, should be a lot more efficient.

Chapter I: The Riverdale Mermaids

“Oh my God, Archie Andrews got hot!”

Since they first became friends in the second grade, Betty Cooper and Kevin Keller had spent countless hours in the Coopers’ idyllic suburban house. Cross-legged on the bed in Betty’s 2nd floor room, they grew up eating snacks, swapping gossip, and fretting about classes. However, the night before their sophomore year, they had abandoned their normal post to press up eagerly against Betty’s window – which looked directly into the Andrews’ house next door. Kevin insisted they augment their routine gossip session by peering into Archie’s room, and despite Betty’s protests, their spying seemed to have paid off.

“Kevin!” Betty exclaimed, admonishing him for his tactless comment, but not taking her eyes away from the scene before her. Archie, her best friend and next-door neighbor, was strutting shirtless around his room. Betty had long harbored a crush on Archie, and she felt her face grow warm as she gazed at his abs and torso. A summer of construction at his father’s firm had added muscle to his skinny frame, complementing his strong jaw and shock of bright red hair. Betty was suddenly glad that Kevin was too busy ogling Archie to see her own reaction.

“What! It’s true!” exclaimed Kevin. “I bet you can’t wait to get back to school and show off your goods. You’ll have that ginger Adonis eating out of the palm of your hand in no time.”

Kevin had faithfully served the role of gay best friend since 13, when he first came out to Betty. Of the two, he was far more brazen in commenting on all the cute guys in their class. But Betty had eyes for only Archie, and Kevin had long known about this crush.

“Kevin, I don’t think Archie will ever pay attention to me. Especially not now that he looks like that,” Betty replied dejectedly.

Kevin turned to look at his friend. While Archie may have put on muscle over the summer, Betty had undergone her own transformation. He remembered the stick-thin girl who sported braces all throughout middle school. Now, Betty sported a blonde ponytail pulled over a pink sweater, her alabaster skin and aquamarine eyes creating a wholesome, pretty girl-next-door image.

“Betty, don’t be ridiculous. You’re gorgeous, and your goods are gorgeous, and you just have to flaunt them!” Betty blushed, as she did every time Kevin mentioned her body. Determined, Kevin pushed on. “You know what you should do if you’re so worried about getting him to notice you? Try out for the Riverdale Vixens!”

“I don’t know Kevin, you remember what happened last year -- it didn't exactly go very well.” Not well was quite the understatement – Betty had been told directly by Cheryl, the fiery redhead in charge of the cheerleading squad, that she was too fat to join the team. Objectively, the comment was ridiculous – Betty’s slim figure fit nicely into the rotating wardrobe of tight sweaters she wore for Archie’s benefit – but the memory of humiliation still lingered.

“Yeah, but Cheryl was just being a jerk! You need to stick up for yourself Betty – you’d be a positively fantastic Vixen, and you shouldn’t let her stand in your way.”

Before Betty could respond, her mom walked through the door. Though well into middle-age, Alice Cooper cut a striking figure, and her domineering personality sucked the air out of any room she entered. As far as Betty could remember, her mother had been a strict disciplinarian. Now that Betty’s sister, Polly, had been mysteriously sent away, her helicopter parenting had reached critical levels.

“Hello Mrs. Cooper!” Kevin cheerfully addressed Betty’s mom.

“Hello Kevin. Betty, it’s a school night – I need you in bed pronto. Say goodbye to your friend.”

Betty walked Kevin to the front door, chattering all the while about how excited they were to come back to school the following day. Promising to talk to him soon, she closed the door and came back inside. She was greeted by Alice, who was standing at the foot of the staircase leading to Betty’s room with her arms crossed.

“Betty, dear, remember to use the toilet before bed. We don’t want any mishaps before your first day.”

“Mom!” Betty meekly protested. For the past few years, Betty had been struggling with anxiety. Whenever she was pressured, Betty would dig her fingernails into her hands hard enough to draw blood. Kevin, Archie, and the rest of her friends could see it but were kind enough not to say anything. A far more embarrassing and thankfully discreet symptom was her bedwetting. While this had been a nightly occurrence for some time, it had mostly stopped by middle school.

Still, there were isolated incidents, particularly under stress. The night her sister Polly had been sent to a long stay at the hospital, Betty dreamed that she was floating underwater. Beside her, Polly and Polly’s ex-boyfriend Jason Blossom drifted lifelessly with their faces in the water. In her dream, she tried to call out to Polly, but the limp corpse didn’t respond. Instead, Jason’s body opened its eyes and lunged at her, causing her to wake up with a scream. Alice, startled by the noise, came up the stairs to find her teenage daughter sitting in a puddle radiating out from between her legs. Since then, Alice insisted that Betty use the toilet promptly before going to bed, saying she was tired of scrubbing yellow stains out of Betty’s pretty pink blankets. While Betty was embarrassed by her mom reminding her, she knew she was right – she was pretty nervous for her first day back.

After taking care of her bathroom needs, brushing her teeth, and changing in to her light pink nightgown, Betty crawled underneath her covers. As she closed her eyes, she thought wistfully of what it would be like to be a Vixen.

###

Betty heard the clamor of her classmates as she walked down Riverdale’s main hall for her first day of sophomore year. In keeping with her mother’s strict insistence on conservative garb, Betty had donned a tight argyle sweater and a knee-length red skirt that morning. Complete with a pink bow fixed in her hair, Betty felt eerily like a Norman Rockwell painting come to life. Looking around her school corroborated that picture – she saw Reggie and the football team harassing Dillon Doyle about which classes he could do their homework for, and passed by cheerleaders gossiping about their summer flings.

“Are you Betty Cooper?”

Betty turned to look for the source of the voice, and saw a beautiful Latina girl. Silky, jet-black hair fell straight down onto her smooth caramel skin. While this girl had a short and lithe frame, her femininity was accentuated by a very short black skirt and a top showing a generous amount of cleavage. In the presence of this gorgeous, provocatively dressed newcomer, Betty felt acutely aware of her chaste outfit. It took her a moment before she was able to find her words.

“Yes, I’m Betty. Are you Veronica Lodge?”

As Betty spoke, she remembered that she had promised Principal Weatherbee to chaperone a last-minute new student for the day. She hadn’t expected anything like this girl though, with her ostentatious outfit adorned by a pearl necklace and expensive looking jewelry.

“The one and only. I believe you’ve been saddled with introducing me to the various players of Fast Times at Riverdale High, yes?”

Betty struggled again to find her words as she tried to remember what she had heard about Veronica through the Riverdale rumor mill. Allegedly, Veronica was a bit of spoiled brat who had lived in NYC before coming to Riverdale. Her expensive outfit and haughty look of disdain as she surveyed the lockers definitely confirmed that. According to Kevin, Veronica had been living the high-life at her expensive prep school before her father was arrested for white collar crime. To keep expenses down, the family was forced to move to Riverdale, where Veronica’s mother and father had grown up. This was not a girl to cross, Betty thought, as she finally spoke.

“I’m more than happy to give you the tour of campus. Ready to get started?”

###

As they walked, Betty found herself warming up to Veronica. Her initial impression had been melted away as Veronica asked about her life at Riverdale, what her friends were like, and complimented Betty’s outfit. With Kevin following in tow, Veronica and Betty chatted away, with the latter pointing out all the important landmarks.

“These are the school bathrooms. They’re usually pretty gross though”

Betty gestured to a door labeled “Ladies” with peeling white paint, sandwiched between two lockers. Veronica turned and looked where Betty was pointing with disgust.

“Oh God. I don’t plan on letting my precious derrière touch that diseased porcelain while I’m here. Do you even have bidets in that abomination?”

Betty laughed. “Oh, there are certainly no bidets. In fact, I’d say that there’s about a 50% chance of any given stall even having toilet paper.” Betty was normally far too timid to talk about bathroom matters, but found that Veronica’s brazen attitude was starting to rub off on her.

“Gross!” Veronica shrieked. “I imagine that’s why it looks like Pippi Longstocking over there has such a tight ass, her cheeks must be stuck together.”

Betty turned to look where Veronica’s gaze was fixed, and saw Cheryl communing with a few of her underlings on the cheerleading team. Betty laughed again at Veronica’s crass joke, but felt her heart fall ash she looked at her tormentor from last year. “I can’t let her get to me,” Betty thought, digging her fingernails into her hand. Her reaction was strong enough to draw Veronica’s notice.

“Betty, dear, are you all right? Is it that positively rank smell from the bathrooms that’s affecting you?”

“No Veronica,” Betty replied, unclenching her hands. “Let’s just keep moving.”

###

Betty invited Veronica to come eat lunch with her and her friends. Kevin, of course, tagged along, complimenting Veronica’s outfit and witty remarks the whole way. They were joined by Jughead, a skinny, sardonic individual who seemed skeptical of Veronica’s attitude, and Archie. Betty felt her heart beat a little faster has he sat down with his guitar.

Over lunch, the friends caught up. Archie filled them in on his burgeoning music career and desire to become a professional singer. Betty noticed with a small pang of jealousy the way that Veronica was eyeing Archie, but tried her best to shrug it off. Everything was progressing as normal until Cheryl haughtily approached their lunch bench.

“What have we here? Is Ugly Betty stuffing her face with her usual grace?”

Though Cheryl’s cutting remark hurt deeply, Betty couldn’t help but admire her beauty. Cheryl’s “brand” was red – her red hair, red lipstick, and red clothes framed her buxom figure. With an incredible ass and rotten heart, it was no wonder that Cheryl was the captain of the cheerleading team, Betty thought to herself.

“Why don’t you back off, Cheryl. Betty needs your negativity less than you need that horribly gaudy outfit.” Veronica sneered back.

Betty was shocked. Nobody ever spoke to Cheryl this way. She looked around for reactions. Jughead looked amused, Archie looked worried, and Cheryl’s underlings looked flabbergasted. But Cheryl herself looked more impressed than taken aback.

“You know, I kind of like your style new girl. I guess having a jailbird Daddy makes you a little tougher. I’d like you to try out for the Vixens this afternoon.”

“I’ll only go if Betty comes with me,” Veronica fired back.

Betty was now even more shocked than she was a moment ago. She didn’t expect to be dragged into this. But before she had had a chance to respond, Cheryl had burst into laughter.

“Fine! Bring that bloated cow,” Cheryl spat, “and let’s see if you both have what it takes to be elite.” With that, Cheryl stormed off, lackeys in tow.

“Veronica, I can’t do this!” Betty said, her heart racing to her throat. “Cheryl hates me, she calls me fat, she..”

“Don’t worry about it B”, Veronica said. “We’re going to make the team no matter what Cheryl thinks. That’s a Lodge guarantee.”

“I think it’s a great idea!” Kevin piped up. “I do too,” said Archie, and all of a sudden Betty felt she had no choice in the matter.

“Fine, I’ll do it,” Betty said to a beaming Veronica. Despite herself, she felt hopeful. Maybe Veronica would help even the odds a bit this time around.

###

As Betty was finishing up her lunch, she felt a customary pressure in her lower abdomen. She had long lived her life under the thumb of her authoritarian mother, adhering to strict study schedules and regimented extracurricular activities. As a result, her bathroom use followed an equally predictable pattern. After getting rid of a night’s worth of pent-up urine each morning, Betty would wait until the end of lunch period to make her next bathroom trip at roughly 12:30 each day. She would empty her bladder, wash her hands, and have time to make her 12:35 class. Her next bathroom break would take place at 3:00pm, right after the final school bell rang. This way, she would never miss any class time, and could show up to her after-school activities unfettered by her anatomical needs.

“Excuse me everyone, I’m going to go freshen up before class.” Betty delivered her customary line before standing up from the bench to go perform her daily ritual.

“Wait up, Betty, I’ll come with you too!” Veronica said, getting up hurriedly with her Louis Vutton purse draped across her shoulder.

Betty’s heart fell. Growing up, she had always been closer with guys than girls, and didn’t have much experience with bathroom buddies. What’s more, Betty had always felt awkward “going” in front of people, particularly given some of her prior experiences in the school bathrooms.

Without trying to, Betty recalled a horrifying moment toward the end of last year. Like clockwork, she had come in after lunch to use the ladies room. That day, Cheryl and her cronies had been fixing their makeup at the mirrors, paying her no mind as she went into the stall to do her business. Her pee was standard, gushing forth from between her legs in a powerful stream that hissed as it touched the front of the porcelain and dribbled down into the water. As she relaxed the muscles in her lower body, she unintentionally relaxed a bit too much. The greasy burger she had eaten at Pop’s the day before made itself known with a rumbling in her lower gut, and before she could stop it…

“BRAPPPP”

A thunderous fart echoed off the bowl, serving as a coda to the urination which had tapered down into a weak stream. Betty felt her heart pound and her face turned a deep vermillion, praying that nobody outside would react. She wasn’t that lucky – Cheryl’s cronies cackled while the Queen Bee screamed in disgust that it smelled like a squirrel had died. As the stink of overripe meat engulfed Betty’s nostrils, she heard the door slam – cronies still laughing, Cheryl still screaming about calling an exterminator. She’d been too afraid to use the school bathrooms for weeks after that, and the memory was etched into her brain. But she couldn’t think of a reason to ask Veronica to stay back without sounding crazy, so she said nothing as her new friend followed her to the toilets.

###

Betty swung open the ladies’ room door with some trepidation, Veronica in tow. As she walked toward the stall furthest away from the door, she noticed that Veronica wasn’t following her. Instead, the buxom new girl had paused at the mirrors, leaning against the sink. Betty paused for a moment.

“Oh, go ahead,” Veronica said. “I’d sooner die than eliminate waste on these Bates motel-esque toilets. I’m just here for the company.”

“So you’re not going to use the school bathrooms at all?” Betty ventured.

“No. We Lodge women have a great deal of bodily control, particularly over our more unsavory needs. Daddy made me sit through a dinner with the Ambassador to Belgium for 8 hours once without a single bathroom break and perform a dance after – I didn’t spring a single leak. I think I can wait long enough to use my private commode.”

“Okay,” Betty said uncertainly, pushing open her stall door.

Betty pulled down her red skirt and white panties. Though she would never speak to Veronica about it, Betty didn’t like sitting on the school toilets either. Instead, she hovered over the seat to avoid the urine spray from previous visitors. Nobody else was in the bathroom. Betty tried to relax.

But, despite her consistency, Betty found that she couldn’t go. She was far too self-conscious knowing that Veronica would hear every movement and sound in this bathroom. Her face burned with shame as she remembered her Cheryl encounter. Even if Veronica was nice to her now, she was still a prissy girl at heart – she would be disgusted if she heard Betty going to bathroom in front of her. As Betty strained to expel her bladder, she found that she just could not get her stream started.

After pushing on her pelvic muscles a bit more to no avail, Betty began to feel very aware of how long it was taking. As long as Veronica was there, she decided, she couldn’t relieve herself, and she was far too shy to ask Veronica to wait outside so she could pee in peace. Instead, she flushed the still clear toilet in defeat, unlocked the stall, and went out to wash her hands. Veronica was waiting at the mirror, inspecting her makeup as Betty duly applied soap and water. “I guess I’ll just have to come back later,” Betty thought.

###

By the time the bell rang at 3pm, Betty was dying for the bathroom. She didn’t want to ask to leave and miss risking any of her classes. But, she thought ruefully, it hardly made a difference. She hadn’t been able to concentrate in Biology, tapped her leg all the way through World History, and was discreetly grabbing her womanhood in Spanish. “I really underestimated the importance of routine,” Betty thought to herself. When the Spanish teacher finally said “Hasta luego”, Betty felt like kissing him. She had remained dry so far, but at this level of desperation, she knew her panties wouldn’t be pristine much longer.

As she scurried to the bathroom, pressing her legs together, she ran into Cheryl and Veronica talking in the hallway. Betty tried to sidestep the conversation, but Cheryl noticed her.

“Where are you off to Betty? Cheerleading tryouts started 10 minutes ago. You and your criminal floozy here are going to have to run to get changed.”

“What are you talking about Cheryl,” Betty replied with alarm. “Class just ended!”

“Yes, but I had penciled you in for 2:50.” Cheryl replied with glee. “Now come along, no dilly-dallying. Let’s see if you’ll make history as the first cheerleading whale today.”

“Come on B,” Veronica said, clearly annoyed with Cheryl’s antics. “Let’s just play by her rules for now. I promise we’re going to smash these tryouts, and then that hipster Prince Harry will be all over you.”

“Okay,” Betty said unsure. She was still aching to release her overfull bladder, but couldn’t admit that to Veronica, and especially not to Cheryl. Pushing her legs together a little tighter, she followed Veronica and Cheryl to the girls’ locker room.

###

“Dammit,” Veronica thought, “I could really use the little ladies’ room pronto.”

Despite her earlier bluster about her bladder capacity to Betty, Veronica was still feeling the effects of not urinating for an entire school day. At her old school, the bathrooms had been immaculate. Veronica still saved her more “serious” business for home, of course, but she never had trouble peeing freely while talking with her friends about which boys they were dating and which clubs they would go to that weekend. But she had seen the Riverdale toilets, and the staff here simply weren’t keeping the toilets clean at a satisfactory level. “No,” she thought to herself, “I can hold it. I’ve held it for longer. I’m a Lodge woman, and I won’t let my body control me.”

Veronica looked over at Betty. The girls were changing in to their loaner Vixen outfits for the tryouts, and Betty was taking quite a while. Come to think of it, Betty had been awfully fidgety since they got to the locker room, and Veronica noticed her casting longing glances over by the toilets. Veronica wondered if Betty was facing the same struggles that she was.

“Well, she went at lunchtime, so I’m sure she’s probably doing far better than I am,” Veronica thought ruefully.

Even if she wanted to, Veronica knew she couldn’t use the toilets now. Cheryl was standing in front of them, arms folded, as Veronica and Betty were changing. Thanks to Cheryl’s little stunt, Veronica and Betty were being forced to tryout well before any of the other girls.

“That ginger Mean Girls wannabe has another thing coming,” Veronica thought. “Still, since we’re going so early, we should probably be fine. I’ll just perform, shine, and then make a beeline for it!”

Just then Veronica heard a yelp. She and Cheryl turned her attention to Betty, who was doubled over and the source of the sudden sound.

“Everything okay B?”

“Yep! Just stubbed my toe. Almost ready!”

Betty had finally gotten the skimpy cheerleader outfit on. Cheryl’s influence meant that the uniforms were far skimpier than the clothes Betty was wearing before, Veronica noticed. With a skirt that ended well above the knees, Betty looked far more in the mold of the typical Riverdale Vixen. Veronica was excited to show her new friend how to stand up to girls like Cheryl. She just hoped she was okay.

###

Betty was not okay. After shuffling into the girls’ locker room like a water balloon filled to the brim, she had to change in front of Veronica and Cheryl. Worst of all, she couldn’t pop into the toilets without risking Cheryl’s wrath. She wasn’t even sure she’d want to go, she thought ruefully, as the last thing she needed was Cheryl hearing her use the toilets again.

But putting on the uniform with an overfull bladder was an arduous task. Betty felt herself sweating despite the frigid gym locker air. Worse yet, she could have sworn that the moisture between her legs was greater than the moisture on the rest of her body. “I really hope I’m not leaking,” Betty thought to herself.

As she bent over to tie her shoe, a sudden jolt stabbed in her urethra. She shrieked as she felt a spot of warm wetness trickle past her lips and land with a spot on her underwear.

“Ah!”

She told Veronica a lie about stubbing her toe when the latter asked about the noise, but Betty’s mind was elsewhere. She felt a dime-sized patch against her underwear, which were luckily hidden underneath the cheerleader skirt stopper. Yet, both her underwear and the skirt were white. “I hope it doesn’t show!” she thought nervously.

###

Betty and Veronica stood on the hardwood floor facing Cheryl. Veronica was staring daggers at the redheaded bombshell, while Betty tried her hardest to stand up straight without grabbing herself. She shifted her weight from foot to foot as Cheryl belted out instructions.

“Betty, you’re up first. Please try not to embarrass yourself like last year.”

“Gee, thanks Cheryl,” Betty thought to herself, but nodded back at the other girl. Betty limped over to where Cheryl was gesturing, willing the contents of her bladder to stay inside. She could still feel the wet spot against her genitals from the accidental emission earlier, cooling against her white panties.

“Okay, Betty, here’s the deal. You’re going to have to perform a five-minute routine to a song of my choice. Soon, the rest of the girls will be here, and you and your extra friend will have to mingle and do some group exercises. Peachy keen, but knowing how brain-dead you are, I assume you’ll flunk this in the first minute.”

Normally, Cheryl’s barbs would bother Betty more, but all she could do in response at this point was nod again. Her bladder felt as though it were on fire, and her cute white panties felt like they were sticking to her body. She had no idea how she was going to get through this exercise, but she would rather be caught dead than admit to Cheryl she needed a potty break. Cheryl would never let her live it down, and worse still, it would be embarrassing to show such weakness in front of her new friend.

“Okay, go!”

Betty tried to put all thoughts of her bladder away as the loopy electronic music came on. Just as she had practiced the year before, Betty pranced around the hardwood floor. Despite her very pressing need, she smoothly executed a series of kicks and jumps without too much trouble. “This is going pretty well!” Betty thought to herself, as she lunged into her next move. “The music is winding down, and I’ll be able to pop off to the bathroom soon.”

“Now split!” Cheryl screamed, as the music came to a halt.

Betty wasn’t expecting that; while she had practiced the standard cheerleading fare, she had only executed a split a handful of times. Even worse, she knew that the move would tax her ready to burst bladder. Still she had no choice, and grimaced as she jumped up and spread her legs.

“Ta-da!” Veronica shouted in support as Betty’s legs hit the floor.

But Betty could barely hear her. As her legs hit the floor, her bladder decided it had enough for now. With a jolt, Betty realized that the floodgates were loosened by the impact and decided to open. Her ass felt warm as a small puddle of urine flowed out of her tired urethra, pooling inside her underwear. Using all the self-control she could muster, she cut the flow off with a burning sensation lingering in her thighs.

“It’s only a little bit,” Betty thought. “Nobody will notice.”

Betty cautiously got up, and saw that she was right – there was only a tiny wet spot on the floor. At this point, though, she felt that she would definitely need to change her panties. “Luckily I can finally get in to the bathroom now!”

Her heart sank as she saw all the other girls filing in from the locker room into the gym. Cheryl grinned. “Well, it looks as though Riverdale’s resident livestock has finally learned how to shake her flat ass. Betty dearest, one final thing for your tryout. Stand on the top of a pyramid so my girls and I can practice by holding up a blimp.”

“I thought I was done Cheryl. Can I take a break?”

“Absolutely not,” Cheryl said, “unless you want to forfeit here and now. The door is over there.”

###

Veronica watched as her friend nervously eyed the girls in charge of hoisting her up – Cheryl and one of her cronies. At this point, her own desperation had started to make itself more known. She was surreptiously grabbing at her vagina cloaked beneath her Victoria’s Secret thong, and prayed that the tryouts wouldn’t take much longer. Her bladder pulsated against the front of her uniform, and she felt far more bloated than was acceptable.

“Are you ready, Betty dearest?” Cheryl intoned with mock sincerity.

Betty gritted her teeth, tears starting to well in her eyes. Her legs were shaking of their own volition, her face felt hot, and her panties felt very damp. She was sure that the wet spot from earlier had tripled in size. But, seeing no choice in front of her, Betty made a noise of assent.

“One, two, three!”

Cheryl and the other girl lifted Betty up into the air. From this vantage point, Betty could see around ten other girls looking directly at her, including a rather shifty Veronica. Before Betty could process this, though, she felt her body drop slightly and squealed in surprise.

“Oopsie!” Cheryl called out below, “you’re just so heavy, it’s hard to keep you up.”

Betty disliked being on top of the pyramid due to a minor fear of heights. Cheryl’s sudden dip worried her, but she swallowed and steeled her nerves. Clenching her sphincter as tightly as possible, Betty looked into the distance to keep balance. Cheryl, however had other plans in mind.”

“Gosh, Betty, I think there must be a weight limit for cheering,” Cheryl exclaimed, playfully dragging Betty’s leg down before hoisting it back up again. For Betty, though, this was too much.

Her overtaxed bladder, filled with eight hours of hydration, began issuing a stream from under her stained panties. It spilled forth in a clear arc, running down her leg and shooting out into space. Betty felt hot tears fall down her face as her urine ran down her leg at the top of the pyramid.

Cheryl felt warm liquid running on to her head. She looked up to see if a sprinkler had broken, only to feel hot, light-yellow urine splash on to her red hair and drip into her eyes.

“Ahhh!” she yelled, involuntarily dropping Betty out of surprise. The girl to her left, finding herself holding one leg and urinated on as well, dropped her too.

The three girls crashed on the hardwood floor. Betty’s pee hadn’t stopped, with golden jets still squirting out into a puddle. Cheryl’s pristine red hair was now flat against her head, matted with Betty’s excretion. For her part, Betty silently sobbed, wondering how she would ever live out this embarrassment. The rest of the girls looked on in shock, until a sudden noise burst through.

###

Veronica had never seen anything so funny in her life. While she felt bad for Betty, the image of her pee dropping on to an unsuspecting Cheryl sent her into fits of hysteria. While the rest of the gym stayed silent, Veronica screamed out in laughter at the precise moment that Cheryl screamed out in frustration, and found that she couldn’t stop laughing. She gasped for air as the scene replayed in her mind – the Queen Bee of Riverdale getting pissed on during tryouts.

Unfortunately, the scene was too funny. Veronica felt her knees grow week as she doubled over trying to catch her breath. Her muscles loosened involuntarily, and with sudden alarm, she realized that her own bladder was weakening. A single stream of urine ran down her leg. Unlike Betty, who had been hydrating all day, Veronica hadn’t had much to drink to avoid using the facilities. Now, bright yellow urine rained down into her white tennis shoes, staining them the color of daises, and a strong ammonia stink filled the air around her.

“Oh my God, the new bitch is pissing herself too!” one of the other girls shrieked.

It was true, Veronica’s pee had begun to puddle beneath her feet as she couldn’t stop laughing. The smelly amber liquid left an opaque puddle on the hardwood floor, and several girls stepped away from the kneeled over Veronica to avoid get their own feet wet.

As Veronica felt her bladder void, her laughter turned to sobs.

###

“So, I guess I have to transfer out of Riverdale now.”

Betty and Veronica sat on the benches in the main Riverdale hallway, still in their messy clothes. Cheryl’s wrath had been too much to risk lingering in the gym for.

“Well, I’m right there with you B. This might be the worst first possible impression a girl could make.”

“Hey, at least we made the team.” Surprisingly, after screaming at them for ten minutes in front of the other girls, Cheryl’s anger cooled slightly. In a menacing tone, she told them that both of them were now Riverdale Vixens.

“Yeah, but she said we only got on so that it would be easier to punish us.”

Veronica laughed. “I told you we could get on. A Lodge always holds up her promises.”

Despite herself, Betty began to laugh. With Veronica around and a spot on the River Vixens, this year was shaping up to be the craziest one yet.

*002*2019-10-08 23:50

Chapter II: Killer Kegels

“Make sure you drink all of that, Betty dearest.”

“Yes Cheryl,” Betty sighed, before emptying the remaining water in her 24oz Nalgene bottle.

Betty had always wanted to be a Vixen. She enjoyed dancing and performing, and the cheerleaders at Riverdale High had a certain social status. It didn’t hurt either that her crush, Archie Andrews, was on the football team, guaranteeing he’d have to watch her prance around in a revealing outfit during games.

After her disastrous tryout, where she had a full-blown accident at the top of the pyramid on top of Cheryl, Betty was certain that both her Vixen career and social life were over. Matters were made worse when her new friend, Veronica, laughed so hard at the scene in front of her that she turned her pristine white bottoms yellow with an accident of her own. After Cheryl had finished chewing the both of them out, Betty wasn’t even sure she’d escape the gym with her life.

Miraculously, though, Cheryl told them that they both made the Vixens. And while Betty was thrilled to have finally joined this elite circle, reality was turning out to be far less glamorous than the picture she had in mind.

Cheryl insisted on running the girls through what she called “Killer Kegels.”

“We don’t want one of our precious routines marred by a girl embarrassing themselves just like sweet Betty did during tryouts,” Cheryl explained at the first day of practice, before turning to face a kneeling Betty directly. “While you might not be able to make the potty on time like a big girl right now, luckily you have me to teach you!” Cheryl turned to face the crowd.

“Each practice, I will be requiring you to drink three 24-oz bottles at regularly paced 30 min intervals. You are not permitted to use the bathroom during the duration of our two-hour practice. In addition, I will be performing dryness checks on all of you at the conclusion of our session before you can leave. Capisce?”

The rest of the girls seemed as shocked as Betty felt. As they started to grumble, Cheryl cut them off with a sudden hand gesture. “If you have a problem with this, take it up with Betty. If she didn’t use her uniform as a toilet, then you wouldn’t have to do this. Until I am satisfied that you can hold your pee-pee, this is how we’re doing practice. Vixens dismissed!”

So now, Betty was standing in front of Cheryl, polishing off her Nalgene. This first water bottle was okay, though she felt fairly bloated after. The second was harder. After choking it down with Cheryl’s gaze fixed on her, Betty looked down at her distended bladder pushing over her Vixens outfit. Performing handstands, cartwheels, and standing on pyramids was made more difficult as she felt all the liquid slosh inside of her.

An hour in to practice, Betty began to feel the water yearn to leave her body. The other girls looked like they were in the same predicament. Karen, a smaller Asian girl with perky breasts and a penchant for acrobatics, was the worst off. Betty could see her shifting her weight from foot to foot and grabbing at her crotch when she thought nobody was looking. As Karen launched into a handstand routine shortly after, Betty thought she could see a small wet spot staining her cheerleader briefs.

By an hour and a half in, all the girls were in visibly poor shape. Even Veronica, who claimed that her accident during tryouts was a complete anomaly given her structurally sound bladder, was biting her lip and bouncing up and down. For her part, Betty felt urine pressing urgently against her urethra. The only girl who seemed unaffected was Cheryl. Cheryl was pounding back 24oz bottles at the rate of the rest of them. But she was walking with ease, belting out instructions, clearly unencumbered by the needs the rest of them had.

When practice ended at 5pm, Betty’s legs were locked together tightly, and her teeth were grinding furiously. Her nether region felt hot and swampy. Cheryl had them line up against the wall, but Betty could hardly care – she was busy daydreaming about the toilets in the girls’ locker rooms.

“Stand up straight please, Vixens” Cheryl intoned. “I will now be coming around to perform a dryness check, and then you can rush off to the potties.”

Midge, a girl in Betty’s grade with an auburn pixie cut, was the first in line. Cheryl stood in front of her, looking at the smaller girl. She leaned forward, grabbed Midge’s cheerleader skirt with a perfectly manicured hand replete with red fingernails, and flipped it up. Midge’s eyes went wide.

“What are you doing!” Midge shouted, trying to pull her skirt back down.

“Don’t touch me,” Cheryl replied coolly. Midge’s hands went back to her side, and Cheryl kept her skirt lifted up. She lowered her head next to Midge’s vagina, keeping the skirt lifted up, and gazed intently. Bringing her head back up to above eye level, and with the skirt still held up by one hand, she quickly shot the other down to touch Midge directly on the lips. Midge’s eyes went wide again, but she said nothing.

After a few seconds, Cheryl withdrew her finger. “All clear, Midge, great work. You are dismissed.”

Wordlessly, Midge sprinted to the girls’ locker room. Betty looked on with a pang of jealousy as she imagined Midge voiding her bulging bladder. Cheryl went down the line, performing the same routine. Having learned from Midge’s example, most of the girls stayed quiet as Cheryl started at their crotch and felt them up. Once they were dismissed, they either ran or waddled in the direction of the toilets.

Finally, Cheryl came to the last three girls – Karen, Veronica, and Betty. Betty felt bad as she looked over at the petite girl. Karen was very clearly having trouble keeping control over her bladder. Despite Cheryl’s earlier command to stand still, Karen was doubling over every few seconds, crossing her legs, and biting her lip. That wet spot from earlier was likely a lot bigger now, Betty thought to herself.

Cheryl lifted up Karen’s mini-skirt, preparing to perform the same routine. As she stared directly at Karen’s womanhood, Betty could hear a sigh.

“Dear Karen, it looks like you’ve leaked a little bit. That’s certainly unacceptable.”

Karen whined. “I’m sorry Cheryl, I just don’t have a big bladder. My friends tease me all the time for how often I have to go pee. Can I please go? I don’t know how much longer I can hold it.”

Cheryl shook her head, affecting a look of sympathy. “I really wish I could let you go, Karen. But unfortunately I can’t tolerate any more bathroom mishaps after Betty tested my patience. Wait over there for your punishment.” Karen, too preoccupied to fight back, hung her head and moved over to where Cheryl was gesturing by the middle of the gym. The busty red-head turned her attention back to Veronica and Betty.

“Looks like you two miscreants are the last Vixens left. Veronica, let’s see if your pretty white panties are as yellow as they were last week.”

Veronica blushed, and seemed to be on the verge of saying something, but Betty quickly shot her a glance. If Veronica made Cheryl mad now, there was no telling what the punishment could be. Veronica returned Betty’s gaze and quickly looked down. “I hope they live up to your standards, Cheryl,” Veronica replied with mock contrition.

Cheryl performed her routine, exposing Veronica’s white briefs to the world. As she placed a hand on Veronica’s crotch, Betty saw her new friend clench up suddenly, but Cheryl seemed to take no notice. “Dismissed,” Cheryl nodded, and turned to Betty. Veronica hurriedly moved toward the toilets, and Betty felt both relief and jealousy that her friend had made it out dry.

As Cheryl stood before her, Betty felt a sudden shock of fear. “What if my panties aren’t dry? I thought they felt a little warm after my somersault.” She felt a drip of urine threaten to burst forward from her tired lips. “No,” Betty thought, “I can’t let her catch me wet again.” She steeled her resolve throughout Cheryl’s check, and managed not to gasp when she felt Cheryl’s slender fingers probe the fabric against her pussy. After what felt like an eternity, Cheryl withdrew her hand and looked at her.

“Betty, wonderful news – your potty training has gotten better. Dismissed, and please do make it to the toilet before you soil another one of my outfits.”

“Thank you Cheryl,” Betty exhaled, before running to the toilets.

As she opened the door, she could hear Cheryl briefly addressing a still trembling Karen in the gym. “Drink this, Karen,” Cheryl said, “and you can go to the bathrooms after.”

###

“Cheryl has gone completely psycho. Like, Son of Sam levels here. Did you hear that Karen didn’t make it after practice?”

Veronica and Betty were walking down the hallway, hurrying to chemistry.

“I did hear that,” Betty replied. In actuality, she had seen it play out. After getting her blessed relief on one of the grimy girls’ locker room toilets, she had gone back to the gym to retrieve a scrunchie she had left. When she opened the door, she was greeted by the sight of Cheryl standing over Karen, admonishing the smaller girl. Karen was sitting in a puddle of her own making, freely sobbing as the daffodil-toned liquid stained her thighs and ass.

“I saw a stained pair of panties in the locker room too. I thought they were mine at first, but by the time I realized they weren’t limited edition Victoria’s Secret, I had already picked up some poor girl’s soggy panties. I had to shower three times after that.”

Betty smiled at how prissy Veronica could be. Even though she liked her, it was clear that Veronica was from a different world. “What did you do, Veronica? I thought you didn’t use the school toilets.”

“I didn’t,” Veronica shot back. “I held it all the way back to the Pembroke, and came within inches of flooding the hallway outside when I couldn’t find my key. This is frankly unsustainable.”

“Just use the bathrooms here,” Betty replied, exasperated. “Hover like we all do. You’re going to run into some serious trouble if you keep this up.”

“You’re missing the point,” Veronica replied dismissively. “I wouldn’t have been grabbing myself like a little girl outside my hallway if it weren’t for that red-headed Lucifer. Killer Kegels have to be cancelled.”

Betty and Veronica turned a corner. In front of their classroom, a small group was huddled around the small billboard on the wall. Usually, the structure featured various posters advertising club meetings and school concerts. “I wonder what event has everyone excited,” Betty said to Veronica, as they approached the small group. She could faintly make out the outline of a yellow border around some pictures.

###

Veronica felt fury rise up in her throat as she saw the source of the laughter. Plastered to the billboard were a half dozen posters, featuring the same two pictures. On the left was a blurry photo of Betty sitting in her urine at cheerleading tryouts, tears in her eyes as her involuntary emission was spread out before her on the gym floor. On the right was Veronica, clutching at her groin and trying to regain control. Streaks were visible against her inner thighs and her socks were stained yellow. While both photos looked like they were taken on a camera phone, they clearly displayed both subject and subject matter. Obviously, one of Cheryl’s cronies had recorded the tryouts.

Below the pictures, in bold red letters, was a caption: “Come see our two newest Vixens at Friday’s football game as they compete for the title of Miss Riverdale Potty Pants.”

Veronica looked over at Betty, who seemed to be fighting back tears. Angrily, Veronica plunged through the cackling crowd, snatched as many of the posters she could find, and marched off. “Come on Betty,” she snarled, “a certain ginger bitch is about to get what’s coming to her.”

“Just what the hell do you think you’re doing, Cheryl?” Veronica stood angrily in front of the older cheerleader with Betty meekly in tow. Instead of going to class, Veronica insisted that Betty follow her to the cafeteria, where Cheryl’s lunch period was taking place.

“I just want to give you two some extra motivation not to soil your Vixen briefs again. Stick and carrot, Veronica, you should really read up on diplomacy sometime.”

“Enough your games Cheryl!” Veronica snarled back. “I’m sick and tired of you trying to humiliate us.”

“Tut tut, Veronica, I’m not trying to humiliate you! I just want to make sure you don’t trying to water our school’s campus with your excretions anymore.” Cheryl grinned as she delivered her remark, and Veronica swore she could see devil ears starting to form. This girl was hell-bent on making her life miserable, and Veronica realized there was only one way to fight back – beat her at her own game.

“How about a little competition then?” At this, Cheryl perked up. “You say you’re determined to show the school how well we Vixens can hold our urine. But I think I speak for all the Vixens when I say that we’ve had enough.” Several cheerleaders, eating lunch quietly to avoid the ongoing conflict, began to look over in wonder. “I bet I can hold my pee longer than you can, Cheryl. Meet me at Pop’s tomorrow. Invite the whole school if you want. We’re going to sit in those booths, drinking milkshakes, until one us either admits defeat or stains the booth. If I win, then you have to make us stop doing your dumb exercises, and stop trying to humiliate Betty and me”

Cheryl seemed unimpressed by Veronica’s monologue, while Betty’s mouth was agape. “Fine, then. But what if I win?”

Veronica shrugged. “Do whatever you want with me. But I won’t lose.” The smirk on Cheryl’s face told Veronica all she needed to know. “4pm tomorrow. I’ll see you there. Try not to drink too much,” Veronica added, before stomping away with Betty scrambling after her.

“Veronica, there’s no way you’ll beat her,” Betty whispered as she tried to keep pacing with the marching Latina girl. “Did you see her at practice? She didn’t fidget at all over the entire two hours. It’s like she has a steel bladder.”

“B, don’t worry about me. My bladder is robust and my training is impeccable. It’s time for Cheryl to learn what happens when she crosses a Lodge.”

###

Betty looked over at Veronica seated in one of the red booths at Pop’s. Across from her, grinning evilly, sat Cheryl. Around the two girls were roughly thirty people from school – football hadn’t started yet, so students had more than enough time to come to events like this.

“Are you ready, dearest Veronica?” Cheryl asked, milkshake in her hand.

“Born ready,” Veronica replied. She clinked Cheryl’s glass, then went to work on the milkshake. Cheryl did the same. As soon as they were done, Betty went to the counter to order two more and bring them back to the girls.

“Veronica, this is insane,” Betty whispered as she handed the other girl a milkshake. “What if you lose in front of all these people?”

“Betty, I won’t lose. And there’s toilets in the back – if the going really gets tough, I’ll make sure to excuse myself.”

Betty bet her lip and stood back. Veronica eyed up Cheryl, brought the milkshake closer to her, and began drinking.

###

Veronica sat, legs crossed, with her strawberry milkshake in front of her. She had worn a black tank top, her customary pearl necklace, and a short red miniskirt that covered a set of fabulously expensive silk white underwear. As she slurped up her second milkshake, she reflected on the rules of the competition – the girls would first drink three of Pop’s famous strawberry milkshakes to fill up their bladders, and then a water every ten minutes after that (in the interest of minimizing calories). While the choice of beverage was iconic, Veronica thought, it certainly wasn’t ideal – these milkshakes often left her feeling bloated and gassy. As a secret yet unrepentant victim of lactose intolerance, milkshakes may not have been the best idea, as she was realizing halfway through her second one. Her stomach was turning as her bladder filled up.

“No matter,” Veronica thought. “I have plenty of bodily control for this.”

On the opposite end of the table, Cheryl was still smiling. As a child, she had been cursed with a weak bladder. Countless nights of wet sheets and frequent elementary school accidents had caused her strict parents to rectify that. The exercises that Cheryl had been running her Vixens through were borrowed from her own holding training – and she had been at it for years. “There’s no way this bimbo beats me,” Cheryl thought to herself. While her supporters on the Vixens urged her to dehydrate before the competition, Cheryl was confident enough in her abilities to down two full bottles of water at lunch.

After all, she wouldn’t let a childish challenge like this stop her from staying healthy. Even now, with all the liquids she had consumed, she barely felt any pressure in her stomach. Her choice of outfit was meant to express this confidence – paired with a red top to reflect her trademark color, Cheryl had donned white jeans with a red thong underneath. It was a show of strength; Cheryl did not intend on losing this competition. She smiled blankly at the new girl across the table, her head swimming with punishment ideas for when she won the competiton.

As the third milkshakes arrived, Veronica’s bladder was finally starting to feel the effects of the prior two beverages. Unlike Cheryl, she had dehydrated herself throughout the day to avoid any excess urine carrying over into the competition. She had even stopped by the Pembrooke before coming over to empty any excess pee she was storing. Now, she was already beginning to feel her bladder pulsate, and she was grateful for her earlier expulsion.

The real issue was her stomach. Veronica blushed despite herself as she tried to remember the last time she had “used the bathroom” the other way. She didn’t feel like she had to do that right now, but there was definitely some gas making its way toward her tight butthole. She clenched her sphincter as much as possible, fighting off the noxious fumes moving through her colon, but knew it was a losing battle. She had to relieve some of this pressure, and fast. She turned to Betty and beckoned her down so she could whisper in her ear.

“Betty, I need you to cause a distraction”, Veronica mumbled.

“What’s wrong V?” Betty asked. “Do you have to go to the bathroom?”

“Sort of,” Veronica replied with a blush. “Just say something, okay!”

Cheryl looked at the two of them. “Just what are you two incontinent miscreants plotting over? there” she inquired in a sickly sweet voice.

“We were just commenting on how you hadn’t finished your drink yet Cheryl,” Betty said, pointing at the half-full second milkshake next to Cheryl’s full third drink. With her comment, most of the onlookers, crowded around the two booths as much as humanly possible, looked at the red-headed beauty. Cheryl hmphed and picked up her drink.

As Veronica saw the crowd’s attention shift, she fidgeted in her seat. Spreading her cheeks apart as much as she could in her position, she slowly let out the gas sitting in her colon. Miraculously, it was mostly silent with only a slight vibration against the red plastic seats. Veronica coughed as the stench of spoiled milk wafted up from her shapely derriere. “Really must lay off the lactose for a while,” she thought.

Betty, standing closest to Veronica of any of the onlookers, suddenly smelled a rather pungent odor. She looked around to see the source, only to look down at Veronica who had a face indicating relief. As Betty glanced at her, Veronica turned beet red and looked at her milkshake intently.

Cheryl, the second closest figure to Veronica, scrunched her nose. “Ugh, which one of you disgusting cow people just made fresh manure,” Cheryl questioned the crowd.

Veronica couldn’t help herself, blushing a deeper shade of maroon as Cheryl surveyed the landscape. Her eyes landed on the prim Latina girl and she started to laugh. “Veronica! I didn’t realize you weren’t potty trained at all. Would you like to go dump the waste out of your skirt?”

“I don’t know what you’re talking about Cheryl,” Veronica shot back, but the protest rang hollow. Several members of the audience snickered while others covered their noses with their shirts. Betty felt a pang of empathy for the poor girl and leaned down to talk to her.

“Veronica…do you have to make…a number 2?” Betty asked discreetly, uncomfortable with the nature of the topic.

“No,” Veronica sighed, “just had to let out some pressure. I’ll be fine. I’m going to make this bitch piss her pants if it’s the last thing I do.”

###

After the milkshakes had made the rounds, Betty brought over two waters. The crowd of onlookers, still giggly after Veronica’s involuntary emission, was eager to see some action.

But soon, the crowd got restless as a second, third, and fourth water came over. The two girls were nearly an hour in to the competition, but had already drank plenty of liquid.

Veronica was already starting to feel the water make its way through her digestive system. Her stomach was starting to bulge under her red miniskirt, tightening it against her skin. Veronica inwardly cursed herself for not wearing something looser that would give her room to breathe. She was starting to contemplate holding herself under the table, but for now kept her legs crossed as she stared down the enemy across the table.

Cheryl, meanwhile, was beginning to feel some cracks in her iron bladder. The additional two waters from earlier in the day were not a wise choice, she reflected, and she really should have popped in to the commode before the competition started. She shifted in her seat ever so slightly, and as she pulled down to adjust her black leather jeans, she quickly a shot a hand in between her legs to hold momentarily. As she withdrew it, she bit her vibrant red lip before affecting the same smirk she kept painted on at all times. “I will not lose to this upstart,” she thought, but her confidence was wavering by the second.

After the fifth water, Veronica was beginning to feel exceptionally full. The crowd, sensing a shift in dynamic, watched as she wriggled around in her seat. Inwardly, Veronica was struggling not to get up and go release her overtaxed bladder in a hot spray over the toilets she had visited earlier. She felt constant pressure against her urethra, and while her silk white panties were pristine for now, she had a feeling they wouldn’t stay that way for much longer. Every five seconds or so, she would move her hand to grab at her womanhood, and she felt as though she could crush a walnut between her legs.

Cheryl, on the other hand, looked completely unbothered. To the audience, it seemed as though she was running away with the competition. Yet, she was faring just as poorly as Veronica. She hadn’t been this desperate since the early days of her training, where she was forced to down gallon jugs before bed and wake up the next morning dry. Her bladder ached against her tight black leather pants, and she was doing her best to keep her gaze on Veronica and not think about the cold water in front of her. Her attention relaxed for a second, and she felt an involuntary splash of liquid against her trademark red satin panties. Cheryl’s painted on expression didn’t waver for a second, but it took all the strength she had to not reach down and grab herself. “I can’t let her win, and I can’t let her see me struggle,” Cheryl thought.

Veronica’s pride, however, was starting to erode. Her skirt was cutting in to her already aching bladder, pushing against the massive volume of water sitting in her stomach. Her mouth opened slightly as she felt her nether region getting warmer and damper. Her bladder was starting to leak! The hot spray of urine she felt dampening her silken panties made her feel immense shame. Unless she did something, she knew she would lose this competition.

Veronica made a sudden shift that caught the crowd’s eye. Her hands moved down to her skirt, fumbled with the button, and popped it open – exposing the very top of her white panties to the outside world. The crowd gasped, with several particularly lusty boys whipping out their phones to take pictures of the exotic beauty with her underwear showing through.

“Veronica, what are you doing?” Betty whispered, blushing in empathy.

“Don’t worry B,” Veronica said. “Cheryl must be doing as badly as I am, even if she’s not showing it. I’m going to win this by taking advantage of that pride – I need every advantage I can get, and if unbuttoning my skirt relieves some pressure, so be it.”

The sixth water was absolute agony. By now, Veronica was fully holding herself. She was sure she looked ridiculous – her hand crammed between her shapely legs, skirt folded open around a bladder that looked enormous contrasted against her flat stomach. But none of it mattered, she thought, as long as she could hold out longer than the girl across the table.

Cheryl’s confidence was starting to falter. As she picked up the sixth water and took a tentative sip, another drop of urine escaped and stained her panties a little bit more. Her bladder was encumbered by the tight white jeans pressing down on it, and she felt like bursting into tears. She couldn’t remember ever being this desperate, even during her own bladder training, and her tightly clenched sphincter was the only thing holding her back from hot sticky urine running down her nice white jeans. 

Inwardly, she started to panic. Why did she wear white jeans? Why did she not make potty before this all started? As her anxiety grew, she remembered the ghosts of all her accidents past. Memories of the warm, wet feeling she got from sitting in a puddle of her own creation as her parents yelled at her. The adrenaline rush she used to feel as that first spurt of urine would run down the side of her legs. Walking home in soggy shoes, afraid of what Jason would say when he saw her. As these thoughts sprung unbidden, she felt her resolve weakening even more. She couldn’t go on like this!

The crowd gasped as the buxom beauty, for the first time in the contest, shot her hand directly in between her legs, cooing in relief as it held back the dam inside of her. Veronica seized on the opportunity.

“Guess you’re not so in control right now Cheryl. How much longer before you humiliate yourself?”

For the first time in a while, Cheryl didn’t have a comeback. She felt tears come to her eyes as her sphincter relaxed, letting forth another gust of urine before she could cut it off. This was unbearable – she had to get to a bathroom soon! Even more pee came forth, and Cheryl swore she could feel it against her thigh. She looked down at her white jeans, and saw a quarter-sized spot right on the crotch. To her horror, she saw the fabric was more transparent than she realized. Where the wet spot had appeared, her red thong was visible. Luckily, the crowd couldn’t see under the booth where her shame resided, but she realized she couldn’t take it anymore.

“Excuse me,” Cheryl screamed. The crowd jeered as the leader of the Vixens shot up from the booth, hunched over with her hands between her legs.

“Cheryl, you’re not allowed to leave the table!” Veronica said with a steely glint in her eyes. “Sit back down now.”

“Shut up you disgusting pig,” Cheryl fired back. Tears welled in her eyes. “I have to go. Move aside!” She shuffled toward the edge of the booth.

The crowd was not that kind. Veronica watched triumphantly as Midge and Karen came over to where Cheryl was sitting and blocked her exit. “Rules are rules, Veronica” Midge cackled. “Why should I be more lenient with you than you were with me,” Karen said with malice.

“I am ordering you to move! I am your captain and I will not be treated this way.” Cheryl howled as a stream of urine hissed down the side of her leg for two seconds before she could regain control. She shifted her weight from one foot to another and held herself as the eager audience documented as much as they could. Tears fell down her face as she felt a puddle beginning to form in her red thong. “Please?”

Karen and Midge stood resolute. Cheryl tried to push by them but only managed to meekly hobble toward them before she felt more warm wetness drip down her inner thigh. The crowd snickered as Cheryl stumbled past the two girls and tried to make her way toward the bathroom. As she moved toward it, more urine was spilling in to her white jeans, making her red panties visible to keen onlookers. Streaks appeared on her inner thighs as she stumbled blindly forward. Her gaze was fixed on the women’s restrooms at the end of Pop’s diner – as a result, she failed to see Karen’s foot outstretched in front of her.

BAM! Cheryl fell to the ground, her ass pointing toward the sky and her feet splayed in different directions. The shock of the fall was too much for her already leaky bladder. With an audible hiss, urine sprayed in every direction out of her, soaking her pussy and spreading out from under her white jeans. With every drop, the jeans turned more transparent, making her damp red panties visible to the jeering crowd. Almost everyone had their phones at this point, chronicling Cheryl’s urinary fall from grace. As a sticky yellow puddle formed under her, spreading far enough that Karen had to move her feet quickly, she openly sobbed. The Queen Bee of the Vixens could never be seen like this!

Veronica looked on with a smug expression, still holding herself in Pop’s booth. The crowd was busy taking photos of the prostrate, urinating Cheryl but Betty was looking directly at Veronica.

“You won V!”

As Betty came over and squeezed Veronica in a hug, she felt the other girl tighten up. Veronica felt a warm trickle escape into her satin panties and realized she wasn’t out of the danger zone yet.

“Betty, I have to get to a bathroom pronto! I’m about to make a puddle twice the size of Cheryl’s if we don’t hurry/”

Betty frowned. “The Pembrooke is a 10 minute walk from here – can you make it?”

Veronica bit her lip. It was unconscionable to use any other commode save her own. Even now, she could envision the sterile porcelain seat and the comforting bidet that awaited her in her spacious private bathroom. Another bladder pang brought her back to reality.

“No – I’m going to use the bathrooms here. Hurry!”

Betty nodded, then turned to the crowd. “Make way!” she cried, taking Veronica by the hand and leading her through the mess of people.

###

Betty escorted Veronica to the dingy girls’ restroom at the back of Pop’s. The latter girl seemed to be in bad shape. She hobbled over as fast as she could, hands still firmly pressed between her legs under the short red miniskirt she had elected to wear.

“In here, V!” Betty beckoned to the first stall in the bathroom. Veronica nodded and made her way toward it. As she got close the stall door, she bent over suddenly and winced. Betty saw a rivulet running down the other girl’s leg.

“Betty, I hate to ask this of you, but I can’t take my hands out of my downstairs area. I need your help. Can you pull my skirt and panties down?”

Betty looked at the other girl with her mouth open shock. “You want me to…?”

“Yes!” Veronica hissed through gritted teeth. “I wouldn’t be asking this if it weren’t an absolute emergency. But right now, my silk panties are ruined, and I need your help to avoid having a full-blown accident on this sad tiled floor!”

Betty walked over uncertainly as the other girl hobbled in to the stall. Veronica was standing over the toilet, skirt unbuttoned, with her ass pointed over the seat. “Betty, please…”

Wordlessly, Betty bent down and came eye to eye with Veronica’s unbuttoned skirt. She started to pull it down gently while the other girl winced. “Please, just get it over with, I can’t wait another second,” Veronica begged, dancing from one foot to the other. Betty ripped down the red miniskirt, revealing the silk panties below. The formerly white panties were now tinged with a wet spot starting at the crotch, which would no doubt dry into a lemony color. Betty paused before pulling these down, afraid of violating the other girl’s privacy.

“Betty, please! I really need to go.” As Veronica spoke, Betty could see the wet patch around her crotch grow slightly bigger. Veronica was having an accident right now, and she was the only person that could stop it. Betty looked around the bathroom, making certain nobody else was there, before she pulled down her panties. Betty was suddenly staring directly at Veronica’s womanhood. A small patch of wiry black hairs framed the other girl’s labia. Betty, unaccustomed to seeing genitals other than her own, started to feel warm at the sight of it.

Her unobstructed view of Veronica’s womanhood didn’t last long. Almost immediately after pulling her panties down, Betty saw an arc of pale urine coming from Veronica’s genitals spill into the toilet. Veronica let out an audible sigh of relief as the stream picked up in intensity. A stream of pee bubbled into the toilet and on to the seat as Veronica hovered above the grimy porcelain throne. Betty had a front-row seat to the whole affair, finding herself transfixed by the sequence of events taking place. Veronica’s eyes were closed, and she was too lost in a world of pleasure to notice her friend staring at her shame.

###

Cheryl sat in her puddle, sobbing into her hands. The crowd around her was ruthless; she had no doubt the footage would be all over social media by tomorrow. Despite all her training, she had wet her pants like a child. But as the shame deepened, a new feeling crept over her. Her breathing became hot and heavy as she felt her vagina excrete more liquid – and this time, it wasn’t urine. Though nobody could see it, Cheryl smiled.


