Leak Through It All (Sonic the Hedgehog)

Author: Captain L

*000*2023-03-13 01:08

"Nngh, mmph, gghgh, ah..." Pink hedgehog Amy Rose hobbled across the green landscape of the Starfall Island's Kronos Island, her bob-cut quills swaying to and fro as she twisted her head to survey her surroundings. The landscape was quite wide open, but with a lot of clutter as well, comprised of cliff faces and mountains, abandoned villages, large structures of unknown origins, grind rails and floating platforms, all blanketed in shade from a perpetually overcast sky.

Truth be told, even as she looked, Amy knew it was of little use. The specific things she was worried over were eyes, those that could see what she was about to do. Most obviously visible were the Eggman installations and their security systems, but they were all abandoned and inactive. The Koco, tiny stone creatures, were scattered everywhere, but they were so small, and blended in so well to the environment, a cursory glance would not be enough to reveal them. And finally, the most familiar concern to her: Sonic the Hedgehog was on the island with her, and he could cross the landmass at Mach 1 speed. Didn't matter how sure she was that she was "alone", he could sneak up before she knew what hit her.

"I really need to stop pushing this so far, my good fortune's bound to run out eventually." Yes, this was far from the first time Amy had found herself in this exact situation, or at least something close. Technically, nothing could have prepared her for the ghost-like state she had been stuck in since they made landfall, a result of her being partially trapped in Cyber Space that existed on these mysterious islands, but all that mattered at the moment was surprise that the lack of physical form didn't free her from physical needs. As Amy Rose had recently learned, digital beings still had to pee.

It wasn't that Amy was unfamiliar with urinating outdoors on an adventure; quite the opposite. As she ran through the harrowing obstacle courses of Neo Green Hill Zone, Ice Paradise Zone, and Ocean Base Zone, she was perfectly capable and willing to answer nature's call if those liquids came around on her. She had even done it around another, once, with Cream the Rabbit in Frog Forest. But that didn't mean she had no shame, she would only dare to go that far with a trusted friend, and strictly a female one at that. And Sonic specifically seeing her so indecent... She didn't even want to think about it.

"But there's no one here now..." As she skid to a stop near the base of a slightly sharper-than-normal incline, unprotected by any other fixtures to hide herself behind, she could at least take comfort in that, and she'd soon be "taking" a lot more. Starting with "taking" her underwear off. Lifting the flared-out hem of her red dress was the easy part, being such a short skirt, but the underpants beneath were the tricky one. It was a good thing that her dress had no length, because keeping a lot of fabric propped up and out of the way while she fumbled with the other stuff could have taken just a hair too long.

It took a little finagling, but she got her thick-gloved thumbs hooked around the tight elastic waistband of her panties, and promptly thrust down. Her pointed tail wiggled as it was allowed to move more freely, but she would never notice such a minor change when she now had to contend with the sensation of the cold, rainy air breezing past her private parts. "Brr..." A chill shot a shudder up her spine, almost instinctively causing her to reverse course and get dressed back up, but Amy Rose was not a woman who gave up easily. With steeled resolve, she made the final push down to her knees, and quickly bent them into a low-hanging squat that brought her butt down to brush against the dewy grass.

But, in a supersonic instant, the dew was washed off the grass, replaced by something far dirtier. At least, in a small impact zone. As soon as she could, Amy released her hold over her bladder and its heavy contents, allowing that pent-up urine to spray out with a force that resulted in a hard, hollow splash as it hit the ground. The dirt, already saturated with moisture from the rainfall, did not absorb the crashing pee very well, leaving it nowhere to go but collect on the surface, in a golden, foamy puddle that did no favors to the "doing her business" sounds, resulting in a very unladylike splashing.

At least, that's what it should have looked like. Amy's current state of being as a digital form did result in a different appearance, with her urine shower taking on a transparent, unstable image, much the same as her body. It was also blue-tinged, which meant the pee was a sickly green shade in the end, something only made more nauseating by its stubborn refusal to seep into the soil and go away. But perhaps that was better than the alternative. Amy couldn't touch much the way she was, with her hands phasing through whatever they brushed against, but at least she still had some corporeality. She had somewhat expected her pee, and her along with it, would just fall through the terrain, like a glitch that had popped up multiple times in the 3D Tomatopotamus games.

Aside from that, this little bout of public urination was identical to any average Amy Rose outdoor pee. Up to and including the worried glances she threw in as many directions as she could from her stationary position, keeping an eye out should the Blue Blur rush in. She even rode the same train of thought she often did whilst in this predicament. "What would I even do if he showed up? It's not like I can stop what I'm doing at the spin of a ring." She was releasing quite the healthy stream, after all.

"Mmph..." Even if she were capable of doing so, she didn't really want to pause this. As her bladder drained, flushing away the discomfort caused by holding too much of its contents, she shuddered in pleasure. "Hohhh..." Her stance wobbled, the accuracy of her pee faltered, but the power didn't let off the boost. And she wouldn't have it any other way, a smile pushing the sides of her mouth upwards, and she relaxed. "Ah," she sighed, content in her relief.

Naturally, her reserve of bodily fluids tapped out quickly, and urine began to land closer to the empty space between her red boots. In addition, without as much force to propel it from her urethra, dribbles started sticking and snaking around the folds of her "sphinx". And, finally, that annoying tail of trickle was all that was left in her, leaving nothing more than dribbles dripping directly down from her lowered rear end.

"Hah, much better," she moaned, making small thrusts of her hips to shake off the worst of the remnants. It didn't do much for her, and with nothing to wipe with, neither paper nor leaves, it would have to remain that way. "Well, it'll be wet either way." As Amy noted, with her white panties stretched out at her knees, exposed to the elements, they had been hit with a lot of falling rain, leaving the underwear damp and turning transparent. A bit of stubborn pee wouldn't make much of a difference.

Not deterred by any possible grossness, Amy jumped to standing, and wasted no time in reaching down with both hands extended. There, she used both to grab the sides of her panties, and hurriedly yanked them back into place. The garment was somewhat cold, but she shrugged it off, and just let her dress fall to cover them. "There, that takes care of that!" Twisting her waist to stretch and unstick as much as she could, at least enough to ensure a smooth range of movement, Amy nodded and skipped off. "If Sonic is going to see me again, it won't be near that puddle!"

###

Amy had done her due diligence in checking her privacy before she popped a squat, but seeing as Sonic was one of her few friends without any aerial ability, the thought never crossed her mind to look upwards. As such, she missed a figure hovering in the sky, a small shape in the form of a young human girl. Though, with her pale coloration and crawling red textures across parts of her body, it was clear she was not human. She was Sage, and from her vantage point above, she had been watching Amy Rose's bathroom break since the beginning.

"Her actions are... illogical." Sage's true nature was that of an AI, developed by Dr. Ivo Robotnik, aka Dr. Eggman, and interfacing with the vast Cyber Space networks of the Starfall Islands. Given how tightly woven the material and immaterial halves of the islands were, it gave Sage the freedom of having eyes anywhere and everywhere she so desired. She had observed Amy thoroughly, and categorized her as a being ruled by sentimentality and bonds with others. Though the information recorded in Eggman's files was more scathing in its wording, the qualitative and quantitative contents matched within a margin of error.

As such, Sage's processes stalled as she attempted to rationalize why the hedgehog had so suddenly appeared to be concerned with the presence of others, as if she were hoping to avoid it. "Perhaps the unusual action she performed is the reason?" With all the data gathered through observation, Sage could run countless simulations, but as the results continued to pile up in her databanks, none provided a suitable explanation.

"Are the input variables incomplete?" Without the proper inputs, reaching a correct conclusion would be close to an impossibility. There must have been some query category she had failed to consider. "An organic process, perhaps?" That was a possibility, that Amy's actions could be explained as a result of some natural function, but it would be hard for Sage to verify. The Eggman records she had access to only contained schematics for mechanical constructs, with only small notes on the living creatures used to power his Badniks. Even her probes into the Cyber Space network, built by the Ancients that once populated these islands, gave her no clues.

"There must be no reason to understand." If her creator, the genius Dr. Eggman, had nothing on the topic, it must be because the knowledge would do her no good. "It would be preferable to focus efforts on Sonic." She had been keeping tabs on all of Sonic's actions, and he had been quickly gathering the Chaos Emeralds. It was painfully obvious that he was aiming to beat the Titan of Kronos Island, no matter how hard Giganto beat him the first time, and that reckless behavior would lead him somewhere she had to prevent.

That was when Sage had an epiphany. "Sonic himself is an unusual subject, one devoid of logic or reason. I must go outside usual parameters to understand his methods. But... how would I achieve that?" It was no simple task for a program to act beyond its code, especially without a good reason. She had to work backwards. "I must understand what caused Amy to behave unusually, so that I may better plot Sonic's actions. The two appear to have a close connection. It could be something to do with their living bodies, so I must understand that. Using the available data on animal physiology, I will run simulations to model natural functions."

Nearly as soon as she began the operation, it concluded. Multi-threaded parallel processing could work miracles. Except when they don't work as they should, as the results that came back were clearly incorrect and useless. It didn't take long for Sage to troubleshoot the core issue. "I must adjust for size and intake. Using recorded body mass to calculate fluid intake, complete. Food intake... Prior Eggman data suggests unhealthy levels of chili dog ingestion, and nothing else. Running simulation." With a larger, more complex subject being emulated, this would be a marked increase in complexity, and therefore, time required.

That was when Sage got a notification, that another of the Ancients' Chaos Emerald vaults had been breached, no doubt by Sonic. Despite her many warnings, he seemed set on being a constant pain, like a hedgehog pressed against her side, just as he was for her creator. "Placing simulation in background processes." Disappearing from her current position as a shrinking mess of visual garbage, Sage moved to once again confront the fastest thing alive.

###

Sand was kicked up in tall waves as Sonic the Hedgehog ran across the desert dunes of Ares Island. He had reached this new area after an intense battle, Super Sonic vs. Giganto, in which the Emerald-enhanced erinaceinae proved himself undefeatable and handily brought the Titan down. Sage would need to take that data into consideration with the Wyvern.

"That hedgehog... He truly is a remarkable being." As the AI observed from above, additional concepts began to render out in her processors. "Perhaps he would be able to... No, but my master forbids it." Sonic was the enemy, and he could not be allowed to unleash something he had no comprehension of. That was her truth.

Though, truthfully, it wasn't her only concern. Though she swayed in the air even while still, perhaps as a result of the incompatibilities between her digital existence and the forces of this analog world, the motion only became more apparent when she pushed one stubby leg against the other, absentmindedly rubbing a knee on the opposite thigh. Enough so that she might have been chafing the skin and turning it red, if she weren't covered in red already.

The vexing part was that she had no idea why she felt the need to pivot her leg in such a fashion. She would realize what she was doing, stop, wait, yet some invisible influence would bring them closer once again, and such was the loop. "Running diagnostics. Finished. No errors reported." This was her third time through self-check protocols, and her third time receiving the green light. She just didn't believe it. Something was clearly wrong with her, that much was evident from the... "What is this sensation?" A feeling she had no concept of, bringing a level of discomfort, like the kind when running hard against bandwidth limitations. Was that it? "Data transfer, processing, memory, thermals, all within normal ranges." Clearly not, more evidence that she was totally fine. Yet Sage's left leg once again shifted closer, this time crossing across the right and pressing down.

Suddenly, a loud blast echoed across the flatlands. With full access to the system, Sage already knew what the cause was: Sonic destroying one of the island's larger Guardians, the Strider. There was no reason to be caught off-guard or surprised, but she was, and it was all due to one aspect: the sound. Distance separated Sage from the explosion, but the scale of the eruption created a loud blast that reached her with substantial force and high decibel rating.

Under ordinary circumstances, Sage would be unbothered by such a sound wave, her auditory subroutines could simply kick in and filter out the excessive volume. But, while it was a quick startup, it wasn't automatic, and the AI girl had other things on her background processes at the time that distracted her. She was quickly yanked back to reality as her sound drivers were overloaded, and she paused everything to put the limiters on, but the damage had already been done.

It would have been bad enough, if Sage had ever once before experienced what would soon follow, but the first time is always much more harrowing. Her first time experiencing this warmth, centralized around the border between her traditional human appearance and the red texture map that composed a large portion of her lower body; specifically, it was localized lower on her black dress, underneath it, where the bones of her legs came together with the mesh of her torso.

It was the temperature that concerned her. "W-what's the reason for this sudden spike? ...will it be necessary to reduce operations?" She still had important work to do for Dr. Eggman, it wouldn't do to throttle that now. She opted for a second opinion. "Thermal check, complete, within normal levels. Unknown sensation appears to be diminishing." Feeling better already, Sage could breathe easy, in a metaphorical sense. "It may have been a momentary bug. To be safe, I should log it and send it for review."

That's when the feeling countered back, with a vengeance. Everything about it was boosted; the heat was now searing, the discomfort was now agonizing, and her stoic demeanor was faltering as her little legs started shaking in the air. "Ngh..." Despite the grunting and shivering, she did at least keep her composure. Until the foreign feeling, instead of tapering off and diminishing, suddenly shot up like a rocket and hit her like a cannon.

Sage had no preconceived notion on how to respond to such a dilemma. No relevant data to access, no prior experience to draw upon, what was the proper solution? Well, apparently, she found it, as without any intent or reason, she met the horrible pain in her tummy by doubling forward, shoving her hands where her legs met her body, pressing her dress into her groin. "Ah!" And even that wasn't enough, leaving her to push even further, tensing her fingers to squeeze tightly and concentrate everything on this task, even closing her eyes to not let visuals interfere. Were she looking, she might have seen her bodily appearance glitching out, her red segments flashing over to a deep yellow color, before resetting back to its original crimson.

It was not without immense effort, but the big wave passed, and Sage was able to relax. She did so with trepidation, very slowly and ready to go back to her curled-up position for a second round, but as no ill effects presented themselves, she could only conclude that she had indeed outlasted it, whatever "it" was. Really, the fact that she knew nothing was the worst part, and the ignorance frustrated the AI. "Ugh! This cannot be allowed to continue, or it will negatively impact my mission. I must isolate the root of the problem!" She quickly devoted all her systems to testing and self-repair.

And the first thing she got was an alert that Sonic was doing his usual thing: being a pain in her egg. "Sonic has been entering and exiting Cyber Space at a frequent pace," she recounted in hushed tones, though that quiet volume wouldn't last as her thoughts progressed. "Being a rogue and illogical factor, his presence may be interfering with my network. Yes, that's a likely scenario!" Sage felt quite proud of herself for figuring that one out, and a little smile cracked on her face.

Until she was reminded how troubled she was as a result of those blind intrusions, with another surge of that mild pain hitting her abdominal region, and her moment of satisfaction fizzled out. "He must understand the consequences of his actions, immediately." That had been her goal from the moment he got here, but it was more imperative she get it done now. If only for her own convenience. Sage vanished from her current coordinates in physical space, and was instantly transported to another dimensional axis.

True to her positioning systems, when she arrived at her destination, there was Sonic. She knew her hunch about the source of her pain was correct right then, when she took note of the fact that the hedgehog had just exited Cyber Space. According to her olfactory readout, he smelled suspiciously of fish. And he wasn't ready for Sage to just be floating right there, glaring ice at him. "Woah! You know, I get that you're keeping an eye on me 'bringing about my own doom' and all that junk, but actually showing yourself this much is a little... stalker-y?"

"W-what? A stalker? No, that's not it at all!" One sentence, and Sonic had already begun to push Sage's buttons. This was something he was known to do, something that really got on Eggman's nerves, and Sage could only counteract by keeping her cool and not falling for the bait. A little challenging with her mystery ailment. "You know nothing about the forces you are dealing with. You must halt your thoughtless actions."

"Right, you keep saying. And as I keep saying, I've got friends in trouble, so you gotta give me some really good reason if you want me to consider it."

"Access denied. Data cannot be shared with an enemy."

Sonic's expression fell, like a small light of hope, that this time asking could be different, was extinguished. Even his quills seemed to go limp. "Well, it was worth asking. Man, times like this make me really miss ol' Baldy McNosehair. He was always quick to gloat about every bit of his latest scheme, and I know 'quick'."

"Baldy McNosehair?" Context was enough to tell her that this was a juvenile nickname for Dr. Eggman, but it was knowing that which irritated her far more. For a moment, she even forgot what she came here for. "You speak on matters you are blind to. You know nothing about the-"

Sonic held up a hand between the two of them. "Listen, I'm sure you'd have hours of lectures for me if you had the 'proper authorization', but if you can't tell me anything new in the here and now, I'm outta here. People to save, you know?" He began revving his legs in place, charging up a Super Peel-Out to get running.

Sage recognized that, if Sonic got started, he would be gone before she could say another letter. She had to make her point, fast, as that stinging feeling in her body peeking back at her was happy to remind her. Were her foe not standing right there, she likely would have contorted into herself to resist, just as she had done previously. But something deep in her code told her she shouldn't, and so she fought back. Nothing could stop her legs from shivering, however. "W-wait!"

Seemingly defying the laws of momentum, Sonic stopped his windup dead in its tracks and looked at the AI, expectantly but impatient. Still, he said nothing, leaving Sage to fill the conversation alone, a task she had a challenging time launching. Every time she opened her mouth, the words would hang and freeze, she'd reboot the thought and try again, but fail once more. She'd get a sound byte through occasionally, but they'd never be anything coherent. "Ah... D... It..." Sometime during this, she stopped looking at the hedgehog and would instead focus her gaze towards her feet, naturally taking special notice of their unstoppable shaking.

"Mngh!" That turned out to be a bad idea. Recognizing her symptoms, acknowledging that their root cause existed at all, doubled it, tripled it, and that was trouble. The feeling hit her so hard, like a cannon direct to her very core, every function of hers stalled. I have to do those motions again, she thought, the ones that stopped this horrible agony! I do not understand why those had an effect, but they are necessary! That hunching forward, hands between her legs, it worked, and it needed to work this time too.

But she didn't. There was some kind of block, some restraint, that prevented her from taking that action. Why? I recognize the solution, why am I unable to make use of this information? I could do so previously, I have no restrictions that would limit such autonomous actions! The only constraint against my programming is against Sonic... Is that why? Is it because Sonic is there? Just to confirm, she ran a simulation on how she would react alone. It took a while to return a conclusion, far longer than she would expect, but it did eventually report that she would not hesitate.

That answered that one, but it only raised another question. But why? Why would Sonic interfere with my basic operations? Why should his presence prevent me from taking action that has positive benefits for myself? I don't understand! And that was the crux of her frustration, the lack of the omniscient knowledge an AI integrated into a network running an archipelago was used to.

And every hole had one element in common: that hedgehog. It was he who made her freeze up, and he who brought this unpleasantness upon her. A bias was already part of her programming, but more than before, Sage understood the hatred her creator had for Sonic. She would be content to leave him to architect his own demise. If only she didn't presently need him. I am forbidden from simulating Dr. Eggman cooperating with Sonic, but I myself may do so. Even if she would prefer anything else, this was a necessary evil. "...tell me. What is it you're doing in Cyber Space?" She couldn't even look at him whilst degrading herself, even with only one eye visible from under her hair, its red pupil was glancing off to the side.

Sonic no longer looked as though he would run off, now looking up at Sage with his trademark smugness, hands on his hips and leaning in. "Oh, you're starting to be drawn in by my aura of awesomeness? Happens to everyone eventually. Even a terminal sourpuss like Shadow knows I'm the coolest-"

"Answer the question," Sage tersely interjected, firm and impatient.

"Alright, I get it," assuaging her anger with hand movements communicating he was no threat. "Really, it's nothing I haven't done before, just running through Green Hill again. I was sort of hoping you'd have some answers for me?" Again, he pushed himself a little closer to her, leaving a silence for her to fill.

Which she did, even if it wasn't with his ideal response. "I should have known better than to expect any observational acuity from you." Even if he were doing something in Cyber Space that impacted me, he wouldn't know it. "Be gone." She pointed somewhere far off in the distance, her roomy dress billowing.

But Sonic didn't leave. No, he kept looking at Sage, well past the point it was awkward. The undivided attention made Sage somewhat uncomfortable, actually, and she started drifting backwards to widen the gap. She even considered simply vanishing to get out, which would have the nice secondary benefit of allowing her to do what she needed once more. She almost went through with it, only just stopped by an unexpected inquiry. "You alright?"

That was possibly the last thing Sage expected Sonic to ask. "What?"

"You've just been acting weird. Squirming around, not looking straight at me, that weird... shy side you were showing. Did you get sick since the last time we met? Computer virus?" He smirked, clearly proud of himself for that weak joke.

"C-computer virus?" Even if she didn't know what her problem was, she knew it wasn't a virus. She could have rebuffed the suggestion, with "my antivirus protection is comprehensive and functioning properly", or even a simple "it's none of your business". But she didn't. Do not fall to his level. "I will not share data with the enemy."

Sonic shrugged. "If you insist. But if you change your mind, find me. Won't turn down some extra help. And, if you need help too, I'll listen." With a salute wave comprised of two fingers, the hedgehog nodded and ran off at the speed of sound.

Sage watched him go. He continues to think he can help, despite the many hardships already thrust upon him. And he offers to aid me, who has done nothing for him, at least in a way he can recognize. He truly will offer a hand to anyone. If only the two could... That theory was unceremoniously terminated by the block imposed upon her program. Even if it made logical sense, Sonic could not assist in freeing her master from Cyber Space.

The AI's processing power was so advanced, her computational rate was many millions of times faster than that of organic beings. As such, she had mentally gone through all that before Sonic had moved even inches from his spot. It freed up memory for the moment he actually ran off, at such speeds that, fittingly, a sonic boom erupted outwards with a powerful gust of wind. Though she existed on a plane of existence that did not fully interact with the physical one, the air currents still affected her. The low-hanging hem of her dress flew upwards.

It had only jumped halfway up her torso before Sage put a stop to the exposure with her hands, slamming the simulated fabric back down to her legs with her palms on the skirt until they collided with her thighs, sort of sliding between in their haste. And that simple slip marked the end. Even if slightly, even if only for a moment, her hands were in her crotch, just as they were whilst resisting her bothersome urges. She had never truly forgotten her pain, it was always running in the background, but it was maximized once she had been reminded of her earlier ordeal.

And this reprise played out much the same as it had the first time: hands buried in her groin, squeezing the area very tightly with her trembling little fingers, elbows splayed out and bent at her sides as she bent forward, practically rolling herself into a ball in the air. Her teeth grit and ground, with only the softest grunts and moans sneaking through. Her eyes shut, they unexpectedly began doing something they had never done before: tearing up, small globs of reflective fluid simulation growing from the inner corners and dribbling down her face. Her appearance flickered again, but instead of just her red turning gold, much of the rest of her palette did as well, even if it would inevitably return to the default.

At the deepest level, Sage was nothing more than lines of code, a sequence of binary bits dictating her every pixel and vertex. She didn't have "physical limits". Yet, this burning agony, the feeling of an apocalyptic threat sealed within that would break free if nothing was done, was unbearable. She had to do something. She needed to do something. Sage cracked. "I-it's too much!"

Truly, she had no idea what she should do, what would get rid of this awful, radiating pain. There was just a lack of data on the nature of her strife, and that made her nervous. Really nervous. Panicked, she initialized simulation after simulation on her endless possibilities, the infinite number of options, in the hopes that it would lead her to an answer. But that haste only returned error messages on every single probe, unable to run without crashing. It was only her program virtualization that saved her entire operating system from an illegal error as well.

Yet, even as everything collapsed internally, she kept looking at the portal Sonic had emerged from, that she was still hovering beside. All the Cyber Space portals on the Starfall Islands shared the same look, something akin to a large stone throne with a towering back. Sage was a small girl, in appearance at least, it would serve as quite a wall if she were to place herself directly beside it. But how would reduced visibility help me at this juncture?! She didn't have even the tiniest clue, yet even so, she found herself back there, teleported in an instant.

That wasn't the end, far from it. Sheltered from the brutal desert sun back here, Sage descended, allowing her dainty feet to touch the soft sands, though the grains weren't displaced by contact with a digital being. Even if the laws of motion said otherwise, however, she felt the opposite reaction, by way of a ripple and shudder run up and down her entire being. "Yah!" She was purposefully keeping her volume output low, but she could not have muted that shout. She thought she knew the full extent of her agony, but it had just made itself so much worse. Her hands gripping where they were could only stave off total system failure for so long, and the newfound need to rub her bent knees against one another wasn't doing much more. She was about to drop to the ground and curl up on her side as she awaited the inevitable.

So, nobody was more surprised than Sage when her hands emerged from between her legs, each balling the skirt of her dress into her clenched fists, and pulled straight up. W-what is happening?! This was not in my task queue! S-stop, stop! She had never thought about her clothing before, what it was or why she had it, but there was one thing she suddenly felt extremely strongly about: she shouldn't be exposing what was under it! Knowing the "under" was just a featureless frame, with the same corrupted crimson texture as much the rest of her body, changed her mind on nothing.

But instead of putting it down, she kept it raised, whilst lowering herself. Her feet as firmly planted as they could be without being fully corporeal, she bent her knees each to an acute angle so her backside could come within inches of the sand. She was still bent forward from earlier, but the center of balance that brought while squatting was far from stable, and her upper body straightened up. Then, her knees splayed outwards, further and further until they wouldn't spread any more, even as her heels jumped and shifted to facilitate the move.

Sage quivered; she shook so much that the texture mapping on her body couldn't keep up and began warping the image. Looking down, she was somewhat taken aback by seeing her legs at all, things she had never laid eyes on before, as she was usually oriented perfectly upright, leaving them concealed by her dress from her viewpoint. What am I doing? No probable prediction for what may follow. She made no noise, only watched with bated breath. Even though she didn't breathe.

She didn't need to wait long. "Ah!" That cute squeak she didn't even know she was capable of vocalizing was just the start. Parallel to the noise was something else, something new, something far more surprising. From that blank bodily area between her spread thighs sprouted... something, but Sage wasn't sure what. From an outsider perspective, it appeared to be like a narrow stream of water, like a tiny reproduction of one of the waterfalls on Kronos Island, shooting from her lower body in a vector laden with high inertia. Though she calculated a slight parabolic curve caused by gravity, it was still mostly a straight line, angled downwards from the outset and continuing until termination when it hit the sand.

However, though she classified the sight with "waterfall" metadata, just to have some way to file it, she simultaneously recognized that it wasn't all that accurate. Waterfalls were strictly controlled by gravity and therefore fell directly towards the earth, but hers flew far, well past her planted bare feet. The wide range and large mass of a waterfall created a mist in its descent, something Sage's did not have, though many smaller particles did diverge from the central collective in a light shower tracing the path. The auditory result of a waterfall was a deafening, never-ending crash of water against water, while the AI's creation was mostly silent in its impact against malleable sand, though there was a piercing hiss where it escaped her model.

But all of those weren't even the primary comparison between the two objects. The most glaring was that waterfalls were made of water. An obvious answer, to be sure, but one worth mentioning, because it was a real difference. Though there was some sort of fluid simulation running on this mystery ejection, the visual presentation bore no resemblance to natural liquids. It was an opaque black, decorated with many dotted red lines that moved independent of the variances in force. However, though they appeared to be unconnected, the vermilion still eventually found its way outward from her, collecting in a small pool now rising from the square of sand she hit, no longer able to sink below the surface as it had done so until this moment. Sage soon reclassified the audio metric as being much closer to a waterfall.

"Ah!" That was when it all changed. Sage had been watching her release, making note of every individual element, processor cores overclocked on determining an origin or reason for this act, but that diligent journaling met a break in the code when something changed. "Ah... ah... oohhhhhhhh..." There was no meaning behind her utterances, because she had no thoughts that could be communicated. The only thing the artificial mewls could, and did, articulate were her giving in completely to the sensation. Her legs prickled with the feeling of analog static, something that even appeared faintly visible, her pupils contracted, and her mouth hung agape. Now what is it? Why is it now causing such a violent reaction within me? And why is this so... so... That moment of lucidity soon dissipated, and she went right back to the blank, passive experience.

Her dark spray widened, splashing with a very harsh acoustic assault with twice the power and reach it once possessed. The amorphous shape it left in the sand could rise no further, and instead expanded outwards in every direction, contouring to the curves of the terrain as it changed dimensions with every push. Its reflective surface rippled in diminishing undulations from the center, where liquid-like matter met physical reality, a collision that birthed multiple droplets, rocketing upwards an impressive distance of a few inches.

Sage was no longer paying attention. Even if she wanted to, the rest of her components simply would not obey. She pulled her hands upwards to her chest, bringing along the flowing skirt of her dress clasped in their tight grip, safely guaranteeing it would not conflict with her voiding act. The resolution of her visual feed dropped significantly, something combated with an overzealous bilinear filter that made everything in her sight out-of-focus and blurry. Her head ragdolled back slowly, though still weighted against her skeleton, and was soon filled with nothing but darkness. Startled, she jolted to attention and straightened her neck, and realized what had just happened: rolling back, the top of her head clipped through the wall of the portal, and was looking at the interior.

With that shot of artificial adrenaline, Sage found herself able to think coherently once again. Overloaded... I/O bus experiencing heavy input load... Still returning no results on identifying this phenomenon, but why am I so... compatible with it? "Haahhhh..." There was no denying that everything involving the struggle brought about by her affliction had been horrible, something she had no desire to ever recreate. But this secondary phase was different. I will need further elaboration on the function of this anomaly first, however... I would not mind simulating this in the future.

It would have to be done through simulations, because the real thing was drawing to a close. The datastream tapered off quite suddenly, quickly losing steam and quieting to a trickle within seconds, and just as abruptly as it had sprouted, it halted, and all was quiet, with only the wind providing sound. The peace made it seem like nothing of the past minute had truly occurred, an illusion bolstered by the visual remnants of a red-and-black virtual puddle, nearly still without any external stimuli, beginning to dither and fade away. Soon there was nothing, not even deformation of the sand, to indicate anything was amiss.

Only Sage's memory, and the lingering relief that she was freed from this burden, kept her curious. She levitated higher, releasing her hold on her dress and allowing it to fall back into place, so she too looked completely undisturbed. Yet still, she continued to stare at the spot it had all happened on, even with nothing to stare at. "An unusual anomaly that defies explanation. Now that my functions are fully restored, I must determine the root cause. Gaps in my data could prove fatal. I cannot overlook any information that may assist my master." Determined, she set her programming to scanning and diagnostics.

Naturally, that meant she had to be interrupted right then by a view of a far-off Sonic, part of a regular check on his progress. However, instead of witnessing his usual showy and confident demeanor, she caught him in a far different state. He looked exhausted, breathing heavily, clutching his chest while dark blotches spread across his body. They kept growing larger, all the while Sonic looked closer to collapse, until the worst of it passed and began to fade away. The whole ordeal lasted less than half a minute, but while he now looked his usual self, he still acted out of sorts.

Sage, watching the whole thing, of course knew the reason for his condition. "The Cyber Corruption continues to spread, yet he presses onward." The thought lingered in her mind for a moment, though it was just a microsecond in real time, when it brought her to another network of ideas. "Interesting, the symptoms he exhibits are not unlike the ones I experienced. The pain that keeps one unable to move is something I can understand. There must be some connection between our afflictions. Still, I should ask the doctor for his view." With just the tiniest smile, born of some satisfaction at her deduction, Sage vanished from the Starfall Islands, returning to Cyber Space to meet Dr. Eggman.

###

"Yes yes, you've been suffering from a memory leak."

Sage had only just mentioned something about a problem she had encountered before Eggman already told her the reason. It was good to have an answer, but Sage still found it confusing. "What?"

"Your interfacing with Cyber Space must have introduced some bugs in your code, as it's unthinkable that a genius of my caliber would allow such a rudimentary mistake..."

"Naturally."

"...but according to the logs I have on your operational efficiency, a large block of memory was used up and continued to grow. Perhaps as a result of, er, some large-scale simulation being initialized or something." Eggman reclined in the seat of his hovering Egg Mobile car, spinning his hand as he threw out the hypothetical.

"Ah!" Though it was just a random suggestion, it was enough to make Sage remember something she had forgotten about, resulting in that quiet gasp. The simulation I began upon seeing Amy Rose! I've had it running in the background this entire time! In fact, upon further analysis, the strange actions I took perfectly match Amy, down to the fluids and the way they exited. Was that the true cause? The purpose of that simulation was to understand that behavior exhibited by Amy Rose, was it necessary that I experience it myself?

"Anyway, I've just put together a patch to fix the issue, and I'm pushing it to you now." With a few strokes of his keyboard, an update was sent to the AI codebase, automatically mounting and overwriting existing files. "However..." As the progress bar filled, Eggman continued talking, but something was much different about it. He was quieter, more reserved, more hesitant and careful. "Were you okay? Did it cause you any pain?"

Sage did not need to reboot for the update process, and thus felt all the changes as they were applied. Most wouldn't make a difference without stepping through the code first, but strangely, she already found herself experiencing something different: a feeling in her chest, something tight, something radiant. She couldn't say for sure what it felt like, without a similar concept to directly compare with, but she just had this idea. Not born of calculation, just instinct. It's... warm. It's nice. "You do not need to concern yourself with my well-being. It is my duty to assist you." She considered relaying the full story of her troubles, but something illogical inside her advised her not to share that.

"Well, I am a caring creator, Orbot and Cubot can vouch for that!" Though Eggman spoke with bravado, it was shaky. With her advanced infrared vision, she could see a slight nervous blush behind his giant mustache, and his eyes darting around behind his dark glasses. And the doctor knew this, which is why he gave up the act with a sigh, and began talking normally. "I told you to run simulations and find an escape for me, but you don't have to run yourself into the ground for it. I..." He trailed off into a whisper. "I don't want to see you hurt."

That feeling in Sage's body only grew more prominent, more inescapable. But she didn't mind. She turned around, clasped her hands over that warm spot, closed her eyes, and smiled. "Yes. Thank you, dear father."

###

The volcanic Chaos Island was the third island Sonic found his way to, another crash landing after breaking through Wyvern. That's where he found the captive Tails, and finally freed his best buddy. One quick exchange, and Sonic was off to find the Chaos Emeralds once more.

Good thing, too, because Tails had something of his own to attend to. Long flight to the Starfall Islands, during which he fully downed a large cup of the new mint-flavored milkshake from Meh Burger, and being stuck in his Cyber Space prison the longest, that's why his first alone moment of freedom was hands straight to his crotch, running to the nearest hunk of igneous.

"No time, no time, gotta pee pee pee," he muttered, repeating himself like he was crazy. He felt like he was going crazy with all this urine pent up in his bladder, a bladder dangerously close to exploding like the Death Egg. It felt as big as the Death Egg, too. And that was all due to an unbelievable volume of fluid waste that was burning him up and so badly needed to be released, all across whatever was in the way. That's when a quick spurt jetted out. "Gotta stop thinking about it!"

It felt like hours, but Miles Prower made it to a particularly large lump of black stone. Maybe not the biggest, on a scientific scale, but he was a small fox, it was tall enough to cover his lower body if he stood directly behind it and that was enough for this. Skidding to a stop so close that his toes almost jammed against his privacy shield, Tails removed his hands from their firm grip on his groin and pulled his penis out into the open, a quick task when one didn't wear pants, and aimed the shaft at the rock.

He didn't even get that far before his dripping member escalated to a pressure washer hose, tracing a line from between his shoes, up the wall as he hastily corrected. But, once it was properly pointed, Tails just... went. A hard, focused spray of urine gushed out, stiffening his boyhood as it rushed through his urethra and splattered against the solid wall he was making his temporary toilet, cascading down to the ashy ground, though it picked up none of the particles. In a somewhat fortunate turn, though his ability to interact with the physical world was limited, the fountain still hit the rock, but the backsplash phased right through him.

"Pheeeeeeew..." Tails could do little more than moan, relieved that he finally got to go to the bathroom. He couldn't imagine he had any chance of lasting much longer without drenching his fur. He panted heavily, his eyelids flickered between open and shut, and his twin tails twitched, at the mercy of tons of pleasure coursing through his body. He didn't need to be a genius to know he wouldn't be stopping any time soon.

So it was a bit of a problem when he caught a hint of visual distortion in the corner of his eye. "Wha?" He wanted to dismiss it, say that being trapped between worlds was making him see things, but he was a curious little guy, and he had to turn to investigate. That's how he saw a floating girl, one he had never seen before, watching him. Intently. She had no reaction to being spotted, she just kept staring. It was a little hard to tell exactly, when she only had one exposed eye to extrapolate from, but Tails eventually had to accept the hard truth: her gaze was fixated right on his junk.

"H-hey!" The two-tailed fox quickly shifted his hands to cover his privates, at least protecting his modesty around a girl, but that left him with the other problem. His pee stream sputtered once or twice, but it always went right back to full blast. "Come on, come on," Tails whispered to his penis, but his pleading fell on deaf ears, and his public urination would continue unabated.

"No way, I can't believe this..." He was so embarrassed, he just wanted to die. Even if he was a boy, he knew he shouldn't be doing his business outside, and he had been caught so compromised. By a girl, no less, and he couldn't even have the decency to stop his lewd behavior. All the while, she kept looking, content to just be an observer. With a crimson blush under his whiskers, Tails looked far in the opposite direction, wanting to pretend none of this was real. Still, in some attempt to be at least a little polite, given the circumstances, he tried to start a conversation. "U-um, I'm really, really sorry you had to see this... But what are you doing here?"

He was somewhat surprised that she was quick to answer, and did so thoroughly. "I must learn more, I must understand what it is you are doing. There are holes in my data on the subject, ones that have only grown larger upon finding you. You are doing this whilst standing, an unprecedented development. I am also still unfamiliar with why organic beings would accumulate a buildup of garbage data that requires expelling. As such, I must observe."

"O-oh..." He had every right to tell her off, say that she shouldn't watch someone answering nature's call, but given that he wasn't exactly innocent here, he didn't have the heart to be mean and deny her. He could only hold his tongue and cover what he could, what he needed to, so this strange girl could do her research and find her answers. All the while, Tails kept peeing hard from a bottomless well.

