Short hiking trip

Author: cudi

*000*2025-04-24 12:59

It was a nice Saturday. Good weather, clear skies. A moderately marked, but (seems like) long time unused trail.

Two good friends since primär school (currently studying at the same University) —Eli (21yo male) and Mia(21yo girl)—both comfortable in each other’s company. But little unprepared, as they weren't regular hikers, and it was just a short few hours easy trail.

The trail was supposed to be short. Easy. A quick hike with good views and a cool breeze. That’s what Mia had promised, anyway.

Eli wasn’t so sure anymore. His shoulders ached, his water bottle was empty, and worst of all—his bladder was way past its comfort zone.

Mia turned with a grin that was way too cheerful for the circumstances. Her long dark hair was tied in a long ponytail, and a light sheen of sweat made her forehead glow in the sunlight.

“Should be close,” she said. “We’re almost at the loop. Then it’s just back the way we came.”

Eli groaned quietly. He didn’t want to admit it yet, but he’d been holding it for a long time. Too long. He is good at holding, always was - but this time he thought he could wait until they got back to the trailhead restroom, but last one they left about hour ago.

Beside him, Mia suddenly slowed, and he noticed her biting her lower lip.

“You okay?” he asked.

She gave him a sheepish look. “Uh. Yeah. Just.. little regretting that big iced coffee from earlier.

“Yeah, me too. I drank whole bottle of water yet. And half of our tea bottle yet. Didn't think it will be this difficult, its very sunny.

How much longer, do you think?”

“Should’ve gone back at the gas station,” Eli muttered, legs twitching slightly as they paused beside a mossy boulder.

The woods stretched in every direction, sun filtering through thick trees, no bathrooms in sight, but beautiful nature and no other people around. They’d left the marked trail by accident nearly thirty minutes ago. They were now on a rougher side path, supposedly a shortcut—according to Mia’s GPS navi app.

“Okay,” she said, looking at her phone. “We just follow this for another few minutes and—oh.”

“What ‘oh’?” Eli asked nervously.

“Battery died.”

He groaned, hunching forward. “Cool. Love that.”

The two exchanged looks. They’d laughed plenty earlier on, but now things were tight-lipped, jittery. Desperation had crept in like a shadow. Every step felt like a gamble.

After another five minutes of awkward silence and increasingly squirmy movements, Mia (as she always was much more etrovert and opened than Eli who was shy) finally stopped and sighed. “Okay, I need to go pee.”

Eli looked at her like she’d just broken a sacred rule. “So, we are going here?”

“You think I’m gonna make it back to civilization?” she shot back, her arms crossed. “Unless you’ve got a portable toilet hidden in your backpack, this is it.”

He glanced around, flustered. “Well, I mean—I guess—yeah. I might, too.”

They stepped off the path, searching for separate spots, when suddenly Mia stopped short and squinted through the trees.

“Wait. Is that a building?”

Sure enough, tucked behind a cluster of overgrowth, there it was: a tiny, crumbling concrete outhouse with a rotting wooden door. Definitely sketchy. But a roof, a door, and—hopefully—a toilet.

“Let’s go,” she said, practically speed-walking. “Ladies first, obviously.”

“Ladies first,” Eli said gallantly, though inside he was panicking just a little. The sight of salvation had made his urgency triple.

Up close, the outhouse was worse. The smell seeped through the cracks in the wood like a warning. The door barely latched, and the air inside was thick with the kind of damp that never quite dried.

There was no light, except The wooden door was so destroyed that it have holes that allows light in.

Mia wrinkled her nose. “Great. No squatting toilet.”

She stepped in.

Then froze.

“Oh. Oh no. It’s a squatter.”

It was a concrete pit in the floor—no seat, no light, and definitely no toilet paper. Her optimism drained with her bladder’s patience. Still, the urge was too strong to care.

She shut the door and began the awkward process of unzipping her shorts, struggling a moment as the tension made her fingers clumsy. The button seem to Stück in place. She felt that only sec left before she will leak. Message to brain received - you are inisde toilet, bladder will relieve.

She tugged them and her underwear down carefully, trying not to brush anything. Then came the real challenge—squatting over the hole without tipping forward or falling backward. Very little light inside. But She could watches Eli. Hoping at the same time that he couldn't see her. She braced one hand against the stained wall and hovered.

And then—release.

The sound echoed violently in the enclosed space. A fast, high-pressure stream that hit the pit with a loud splash, then kept going, louder, fiercer. Mia exhaled, eyes half-closing.

“Oh my god,” she muttered. “This feels like heaven.”

Seconds passed. The stream continued.

Eventually, she shifted her weight slightly—and winced. Stream change direction, and Hit concrete floor. Her ankle was wet.

“Seriously?” she whispered. The force had been too much. Some of it had hit the concrete, and the back-splash had made its mark. And it was so forceful that her butt had two different little stream, thighs were damp.

Stream weakend, and with a final little push, she forced the last stream out, waited for the trickle to slow, and gave a little wiggle to try and finish clean. Then she realized: no toilet paper.

"Classic".

She dug through her purse—gum, lip balm, a band-aid, useless. Already feeling damp and awkward, she muttered, “Well, this is just great,” and began pulling her clothes back up.

As she unlatched the door a little, she heard something outside.

A zipper.

###

His perspective:

At first, he heard rustling. The sound of a zipper. Then some frustrated muttering from Mia. Then...

Then came the unmistakable sound of liquid hitting something hard, echoing slightly. A fast, loud, continuous stream that seemed impossibly strong.

Eli’s eyes widened. His body reacted immediately—his bladder spasming in helpless sympathy.

He groaned aloud and grabbed the front of his shorts with both hands.

“No, no, no, come on,” he whispered to himself. Now visibly holding his penis. "I hope she can't see it".

The sound continued. Thirty seconds. Forty. Was that even possible?

He bent slightly forward, pressing his knees together, pacing in a tight circle. His ears burned. He tried humming. Counting. Anything.

But the splashing kept going, taunting him.

He asked: “Almost done?”

Inside, Mia’s voice came muffled. “Working on it! I didn’t know I had a whole river inside me!”

Eli laughed, but the same time felt squeeze. And not a spürt But weird dampness. "Did i dribble? Or it is wetness". It felt like a drop or few reached his boxers. Just a little.

"oh fuck fuck".

He turned his back to the outhouse door, unzipping his fly and fumbling with his waistband. He knew it was risky, but he couldn’t wait another second. He pulled foreskin a little back and started peeing, like a waterhose.

Mia: "are You ok?. Im just finishing".

###

Her perspective again:

She paused and opened the 'door' a crack.

Eli was just a few feet away, mid-pee. His body angled slightly, eyes shut, face full of relief. The stream was intense, cutting the silence like a hose against the dirt. He didn’t even notice her.

Mia didn’t speak. She didn’t move.

For a few seconds, she just… watched.

There was something weirdly elegant about it. Simple. Precise. One clean arc, nothing touching him. Long distance to stream. No squatting, no awkward angles, no wet ankles. She blinked, quietly amazed—and, honestly, a little envious.

Finally, she cleared her throat. “Oh—uh—sorry!”

Eli yelped and practically jumped. “Mia?!”

“Didn’t mean to sneak up on you!” she called quickly, spinning around. “All clear now!”

She heard the sound of him fumbling with his zipper, and then the door creaked shut behind him.

Inside, Eli was dying of embarrassment. His heart pounded. He’d been so close to finishing (Just another 40seconds or more) when she’d opened the door, and in his panic to stop and zip back up, he’d… well… let’s just say a few drops hadn’t made it outside.

Still, the moment he stood over the pit, a hing penis free again, the rest came out in one mighty stream. Relief washed through him like a flood.

Outside, Mia chuckled quietly to herself.

A minute later, Eli emerged, slightly disheveled, face flushed.

Mia raised an eyebrow. “Feel better?”

“Immeasurably,” he sighed.

They started back down the trail, both quieter now, more relaxed despite the awkwardness.

After a bit, Mia glanced over. “Hey, can I say something a little weird?”

Eli looked at her warily. “After today? Probably.”

“I’m kind of jealous,” she said. “Of how easy it is for you guys. You just—aim, stream, shake, done. No balancing act. No peeing on your own ankles.”

Eli blinked. “I… honestly didn’t know it was that bad.”

“It’s worse,” she said. “You miss and you’re sitting in wet underwear the rest of the hike. It goes forward, backward, sideways—literally everywhere. If there’s no toilet paper, you just have to… guess and pray.”

He made a face. “Yikes.”

“And in that outhouse?” she added. “Total disaster. I couldn’t see anything, I mis-aimed like three times. I’m pretty sure I peed on my socks.”

“I… wow,” Eli said. “Respect. I had no idea.”

They walked a bit farther before he spoke again.

“For what it’s worth,” he muttered, “when you opened the door, I… kinda freaked out and zipped up too fast.”

Mia turned to him. “And?”

“And I peed inside my boxers, a little,” he admitted. “Like, just a few drops. But still.”

She burst out laughing. “See? Now you get it.”

He smiled. “I guess I do.”

They paused to take a sip of water, both still little damp down there, little embarrassed, but much more comfortable about each other than they’d been twenty minutes ago.

“So,” Mia said. “Next hike? We bring a map. And tissues for me."

“Maybe a flashlight, too.”

He laughed. “Deal.”

