Lauren's Encounter

Author: Connor Temple

*000*2024-09-10 02:08

Hi guys! I'm new here, here's my first story! I started this quite a few years ago and it was inspired by a girl (woman) I fancied (as in, i was inspired to write a story featuring her, I never actually encountered her having an accident or even being desperate for the toilet). I actually deleted what i'd written so far after developing a proper crush on her because i felt so weird and guilty about writing about her in such a way! After the crush faded though, i felt comfortable to write it again. Notes: Characters in this final version are fictional, characters are 18

***

Lauren leaned forwards in her chair, massaging her tummy. She clenched her buttocks together. Beads of sweat brimmed on her forehead and trickled down her face, sticking her dark copper-coloured hair to her freckled forehead. She picked the strands off, breathing in deeply and slowly letting the breath out. She looked up at the clock. Fuck! There were still 20 minutes left of the lesson, a length of time she couldn’t bear to hold on for. She wasn't sure how much longer she could last...

She shifted in her chair, moving her leg underneath her bum to act against the pressure that was pressing down from her bowels. Her sphincter burned with the effort. Lauren bit her lip, a pained expression on her face. "Aaahh, hurry up!" she whispered to herself. Eventually though, the lesson ended, and Lauren rushed to relieve herself.

***

She made her way outside to the toilets - the bushes. With the ordinary school toilets out of action, the bushes had become the emergency toilets. Most girls didn't like to use them, preferring to hold in their waste, or at least if they had to lose the solid stuff, until they got home. Lauren couldn't afford to though - she was desperate.

But as Lauren reached the toilets, her face dropped and her heart sunk - there was a line of three people in front. She stamped the ground in frustration. She had to use the toilet NOW, or she would most likely have an accident. She tapped her fingers against her thigh, her heart pounding. The girl at the front of the line went in now, as Lauren sighed heavily. "Please, just finish, please." She whispered to herself. A few minutes passed, and the girl came out, the next one going in. Lauren chewed her lip for several minutes, trying to distract herself from the immense pressure, until the girl came out, and the last girl in front went in.

By this point, Lauren was starting to become deeply emotionally uncomfortable, as well as physically, as she was starting to seriously worry that she wouldn’t make it. She didn’t let it show, though. She kept a blank, if anything possibly slightly bemused expression, and kept as still as she could, just slightly rubbing her thighs together.

However, she was already so desperate that there was no way she could keep this up forever; she had already been waiting at the toilets for a total of about 15 minutes, and coupled with the few minutes it had taken her to get to the toilets after the lesson ended, plus having the urge to go for a large portion of the hour-long lesson itself, meant that she had been holding a strong urge to relieve herself for a long time by now - as anyone knows, if the urge is strong right from the get go, it’s even more uncomfortable to hold it for any length of time more than a few minutes. After a few more minutes Lauren gently lost her composure. She was bending over trying not to soil herself. Eventually though the last girl finished, and Lauren rushed in, the anticipation of relief rising.

She rushed in, slightly tumbling as she went up the slight slope that was this area. Her legs weak from holding in her desperate urge, and having to go up the moderate incline, she stumbled to stay standing and get a foothold on the uneven hard ground. “Oh Jesus!” Lauren exclaimed, her working class south England accent obvious and tinged with worried annoyance. It was effort, but she righted herself, and turned around, unzipping her skirt as she squatted down. She squatted down, pulling her knickers off, looked around to make sure that no-one could see her, and relaxed. Her sphincter opened and a soft but thick log of faeces squeezed out of her, “plap”ing onto the dried leaves beneath her. She pushed a bit more and a great load of faeces rushed out of her, solid but soft at first, and then so soft it was semi-liquid. Her mouth opened wide and her eyes closed, as she let out a silent cry at her desperate relief.

The thick, telltale scent filled her nostrils, her fresh faeces lying in the middle of all the bleached, odourless excrement that every other girl who had used the bushes for a number two this past week had passed. She breathed an immense sigh of relief. Her bladder also finally emptied, and a great torrent of dark golden urine rushed out, spattering onto the dry leaves below her. She wrinkled her face as the smell of her vagina rose up, thick and musty. Her pink labia majora hung past her labia minora, freshly shaved that morning. Lauren sighed again, a sigh that turned into a small laugh of exasperated amusement at the predicament she had been in and her much longed-for relief.

She squatted there for several seconds, before tearing off several sheets of toilet paper and starting to wipe herself clean. She pulled her left bum cheek to the side and brought the paper to her hole, the copious amount of faeces making it easily slide inside for her to curl her finger slightly and pull out. After taking several wipes to her rear, she folded up several final sheets and took them to her pussy, forcefully pressing them against the labia as she wiped them dry of urine. Dropping the paper beneath her, Lauren sighed, and as she pulled her phone from her handbag to check it, she heard a rustle from outside the bushes.

***

She peered around, seeing a face just disappear behind the bush.

"Hello?" she called out. Nothing. "Hello?" she called again. She peered for a few more seconds, before the face revealed itself completely and Mia Guerrero appeared. Her face was pulled in a pained frown, like she was in a great deal of discomfort.

"Mia? What's up? You don't look too happy." Mia sighed heavily. "That's because I'm not, Lauren." Her eyes welled with tears. She sighed again, swallowing back the tears.

"In my last lesson I really needed to use the toilet. I asked my teacher and she wouldn't let me go." She took a deep breath, again fighting back the tears. "So I held it in. I held it in right until the end of the lesson, and then of course I rushed here. Only... only... Only there were five people in front when I got here, and I was at breaking point already, and so...... I lost control." At this point she turned around, showing Lauren the back of her black school skirt. There was a bulge in it at her bum. It were also slightly darker at her bum... dark with wetness. Lauren opened her mouth slowly as the realisation dawned.

"Oh, Mia, poor you. I'm - I'm sorry for you..." Lauren couldn't finish her sentence as the smell of faeces intensified, being blown from the direction of Mia's knickers into her nostrils and making her gag. She held the back of her hand to her mouth, swallowing and composing herself, hiding the fact she was gagging so as not to embarrass Mia more.

Mia turned back around now, and put her hand to her mouth in embarrassment with a sharp intake of breath.

"Oh god, I'm so sorry - you're using the toilet yourself, and I just... just came straight in here and… I'm- I'm sorry, I should've given you some privacy-"

Her cheeks became even redder now, and fresh tears welled in her eyes.

"No no Mia, it's ok - being in a situation like the one you're in, its only natural to be on edge and for our inhibitions to lessen a little. In fact... I tell you what, why don't you clean yourself up here now? I don't mind."

Mia was a bit taken aback by this, and her eyes widened in surprise.

"What - no, no I couldn't. I couldn't while you're still using it... I mean, I can see your privates- “

"I don't mind." Lauren replied.

"I mean, they're the same structures as yours, so." She said, shrugging.

Mia opened her mouth, her brain obviously whirring, as she considered the considerate, caring... and somewhat intimate suggestion that Lauren had just made. She looked at her, her soft expression, her glistening freckles... and, as she moved her head slowly down, her glistening labia, hovering above her stinking faeces. This caused her to feel a certain feeling blossom within her, a deep-seated feeling that started as a flicker in her chest that gradually blossomed out throughout her body. It also triggered a warm, moist sensation to creep out from her vulva and seep into her pants.

She shook her head, shaking herself out of the hazy daydream she had put herself in, and made her decision.

"Ok. Yeah ok, thanks."

***

Mia made her way behind the bushes, her heart beating faster and butterflies starting to flutter in her belly. She gently placed her bag on the ground. She winced as she did, feeling her faeces squash into her bum cheeks. She looked around shyly, ending up facing Lauren.

"Um, Lauren, how do I... Well, how do I do this? I can't just take my knickers off, my poo will just fall down my legs and onto my feet."

Lauren bit her lip in thought, frowning for several seconds. After about thirty seconds, she thought of something.

"Why don't you slip your skirt off, being very careful not to dislodge your knickers, and let me gently curl the top of the knickers, along with your tights, over and push them down. I mean, I think recovering your knickers AND tights is out of the question." She said, smiling. Mia smiled, and after several seconds nodded.

"Ok." She said, taking her jumper off. She approached Lauren and turned her back to her. Lauren reached and took the zip of her skirt.

"You don't mind if I -"

"No no. Go ahead." Replied Mia. Lauren gently pulled the zip down. She gently dislodged the edges. Mia placed her hands on the hips of her skirt to brace it, and Lauren gently pulled it down. Once she'd done this, she placed her fingers in the tights and tucked the edges into the knickers. Mia braced the sides with her hands, and turned to Lauren. She nodded, and Mia nodded back. Lauren gently pushed the tights and underwear downwards, steadied by Mia. Lauren gasped at the state of Mia's behind - it was smothered in a light brown. She also wasn’t prepared for the smell to seemingly intensify tenfold as all of the faeces was now exposed to the air she was breathing; she gagged again, the sharp smell now a stench, not one that she ever thought she could come to find any less unpleasant. She reached Mia's feet, and she gingerly stepped out of her messed underwear. Lauren folded them up to prevent spillage, and threw them in the bin.

Mia put her hand to her nose as the smell increased, and this coupled with the sight of her own pants, covered in her own faeces, was too much for her. She finally gave way, and started shaking while crying. Lauren came back from the bin now and wrapped her arms around her.

“There there, it’s ok. It really is, honestly." Lauren said, hugging Mia.

"Shhhh, shhhhh, it’s ok." she said, stroking her hair, and then planting a kiss on her forehead. Mia looked up at this, gazing into Lauren's eyes, and Lauren suddenly panicked - had she gone too far? But then Mia assuaged her fears by smiling and pulling her towards her, kissing her passionately. After several seconds, Lauren pulled away.

"I think we should clean you up now."

"Oh yeah, that would be a good idea." laughed Mia, slightly nervously.

"I think it would work best with you on your back." Lauren said.

"That way I can easily clean you."

"Yeah, that sounds like it makes sense." Mia replied, getting onto her feet and lying back. Lauren got her water bottle and some toilet paper that was left at the emergency toilets, and tore some off and wet it. She knelt down in front of Mia, beholding her. Her buttocks and thighs were completely smothered in faeces, as were her labia. The air reeked. Lauren wrinkled her nose.

"Bless you, even your pussy's covered."

Mia shrugged.

"Yep."

Lauren bent forwards and put the toilet paper to the top of Mia's bum, wiping upwards. She got to the top of her buttocks before she had to stop. She took the toilet paper back; it was weighed down with faeces. The smell of faeces was so strong now that it smelt as if an entire class had pooped in their underwear. Lauren threw the paper in the pile of used paper, tore off another piece, wet it and started to wipe a trail next to the one she had already made. As Mia was cleaned up, Lauren started to notice some light freckles at the top her bum, near her legs.

"You're freckled." She observed

"Yeah." Replied Mia.

"You like them?"

Lauren nodded, wiping another part of Mia's buttocks.

"I think they're cute. As are the ones on your face."

Mia blushed at this.

"Thanks." Mia looked down at Lauren wiping her clean, and blushed. The heat in her face was so palpable, so strong, that it seemed to reach Lauren, as she looked up in surprise. This made Mia blush even more.

"Its nothing, don't worry." She said. Lauren raised an eyebrow.

"Well, ok." Mia said.

"But you have to promise not to laugh. It's a bit... embarrassing, really."

Lauren got up, her freckled face slick with sweat.

"What, more embarrassing than dumping in your pants at eighteen?"

Mia gasped at this, hitting Lauren's arm playfully. Lauren grinned. Mia grinned back.

"You PROMISE not to laugh?"

"I promise!" Lauren replied.

"What is it?"

Mia looked down shyly, her eyes flicking between Laurens face and the ground. Eventually, she looked up to face Lauren.

"Well... well, this sounds a bit juvenile minded, but it's sort of like I'm your baby, and you're cleaning me up... a-after I've had an accident."

Lauren pondered for a minute, took a step, and found... that she was right. Mia did look like a baby, on her back with her legs up, and with a bare bum and private area. Only her private area was wet, not with accidentally passed urine, but with something a much more mature girl would produce...

A cool breeze wafted through the bushes now, cooling the burning heat in Lauren's cheeks, and blowing the thick, musty, yet sharp scent of Mia's vagina into her nostrils.

***

Lauren stared for several seconds, before looking down at her own private area. Her pink labia were wet, and a sharp scent rose up from them, catching in the back of her nostrils. She slowly looked back up at Mia, her eyes instantly drawn to her breasts, which were heaving. Her nipples were erect, and her eyes were wide and attentive. The smell of Lauren’s labia was pervading Mia’s nostrils as well now, and her pupils had dilated and her heart rate increased because of it. Lauren knelt up so she was eye level with Mia, and reached a hand out to gently touch her cheek. She ran her thumb over the smooth, warm skin, noting the light smattering of freckles on her nose.

She gently came in close to her, both girls’ eyes closing as their lips touched. Lauren felt the warm softness of Mia’s lips squash against her own. Mia felt the soft-yet at the top edge-slightly dry and rough-ness of Lauren’s, slightly salty from crisps. She opened her lips, closing and gently sucking on Lauren’s. Lauren reciprocated. Lauren reached her right hand down to where Mia’s intimate area was located, pressing her clitoris with gentle yet firm pressure, then starting to draw swirling patterns over it. She continued applying this pressure down one side of her outer labia, then the other. 

Mia gasped and let out a gentle yet deep moan. She ran her left hand over Lauren’s cool, smooth hair, while gently massaging her pussy with her right. Lauren let out a moan rising in pitch, as Mia’s touch hit all the right spots. She blushed; she had never made such a personal, intimate sound in someone else’s presence before. Hell, she had never done anything so intimate with someone before! Lauren thought for several seconds, before kneeling down in front of Mia. She motioned to her pussy.

"Shall I?" she asked. Mia nodded hastily. Lauren smiled, and tentatively bent over her pussy. Mia's eyes widened in surprise.

Lauren took a deep breath in, pervading her nostrils with the scent of Mia's vagina. She admired Mia's small, dark, grey labia, before tentatively leaning in and sticking her tongue out. It slipped in between the labia, the bumps on it rubbing Mia's clitoris on entrance, and then out again, carrying a load of musty, slightly sour liquid into Lauren's mouth. Lauren swallowed the liquid, which wasn't particularly palatable, but she actually found herself to enjoy it. She swallowed the musty mouthful, and then stuck her tongue out again. This time, she licked upwards, flicking Mia's clitoris with her tongue and causing a surge of pleasure to sparkle up the nerve endings. This caused Mia to shudder, and she threw her head up, letting out a short but deep moan.

Lauren stopped looking up, alert and nervous.

"That good?" she asked. Mia nodded.

"Oooooohhh yeah." she replied. Lauren smiled at this, and resumed. She moved her head up, applying more weight to each lick, and with it, more pressure.

Mia started to move her hips up and down now, gentle grinds of reflex in response to the stimulation. She threw her head back, her breathing getting faster and faster. She felt hot. Beads of sweat trickled down her face. She now started to moan, as Lauren's tongue searched all around her vulva. The nerve endings of her clitoris felt raw, in a good way. Her labia felt stroked and loved by Lauren’s tongue, and, like her clit, stimulated. It felt electric. Mia looked down at Lauren, and reached out to gently stroke her hair. Lauren felt a warmth inside as Mia did this; it felt loving and attentive and appreciative. She wanted to give Mia the same kind of feeling. She turned her head to the side and opened her mouth, gently sucking the labia on her left as if she was making out with it, still running her tongue over the edge of it. Mia threw her head back from the pleasure.

“Uuuuhh”.

Mia opened her eyes, which had closed, as the feeling reached a new level of intensity.

“Huh, huh, huh, huuuh”.

Her breaths were fast and heavy.

Lauren continued licking, getting faster. She continued to rub her clitoris, this also getting faster.

Mia continued to moan, stroking Lauren’s hair faster and pressing her head down to her crotch harder. Her face was contorted in a very unflattering yet utterly real look of pleasure. The sensation had reached a final, incredible levels of intensity.

This mounted, and mounted, and mounted, until one great climax. Mia let out one final, drawn out moan, and collapsed.

Lauren sat back, catching her breath, beholding Mia.

"Well" she said. "That was something."

"I'll say!" Mia replied, exasperated, stroking her labia.

"Mia, now that we've... Well, gotten to know each other a bit better... Would you u like to go on a date with me?"

Mia looked up, a grin forming on her face.

"I would Lauren." she replied, trying to stop herself from laughing. "I would."

~~~

*002*2024-09-13 13:59

{{12 hours ago, Stoke365 said:

Incredible, please do more of these!

}}

Thank you! Will do, i have a bunch that are finished and several that are unfinished that i aim to finish at some point

