Macro/micro omo drabbles

Author: CushieDragons

*000*2024-03-16 14:24

I barely see any omo involving macro/micro people. It’s mostly furry, but I get it! I like it, so I’m just reposting my stuff I wrote on tumblr.

*001*2024-03-16 14:47

Sorry if this is hard to read! I’m copy/pasting it from my tumblr ;w;

————

A macro, “A” and micro, “B” are hanging out on the couch together. They are roommates in a society that combines stuff for macros and micros. Most of the apartment has been renovated to accommodate B, with the exception of a toilet that hasn’t been added yet.

B has had to pee for a while, but is too stubborn to ask A to pick them up and carry them to the toilet. A knows that B has to pee, but hasn’t said anything because they don’t want to embarrass B (or they asked B if they had to pee and B said no). A decides to challenge B to a drinking challenge, seeing as they apparently don’t have to pee, despite the squirming and not so subtle squeeze of their crotch.

Cue B bouncing their leg rapidly as A pours a nice, tall, cold glass of water for their friend. A decides that they’re going to drink the entire pitcher if B drinks the whole glass.

“I mean, since you don’t have you pee and all, you can handle a glass of water can’t you?”

“Of course I can! I just… can’t reach it yet! Gimme a straw!”

True to their word, B sucks down the entire glass, groaning as it sloshes and settles in their stomach. They were going to regret this. B shifted their legs as they heard A chug the entire pitcher.

*GLUG GLUG GLUG*

“Ahhh…” A pat their stomach a few times, sloshing around its contents.

——

And so it proceeded like that for another hour or two, B drinks a glass, A downs a pitcher, until eventually B doubles over. Their bladder was so, unbelievably full, they swore they could feel it physically expanding to make room for more pee. Their bladder was poking out of their shirt, it felt like a water balloon ready to burst.

“Ohhh… ffffuck….”

“What’s wrong? Still thirsty? Here, I’ll pour you another glass.”

“Ugh..nooo..please—“

It was too late, A was already walking towards the sink to refill the pitcher.

*Pshhhhhh…..*

“Aaaa- AH!!”

B squirmed as the pitcher filled, the sound of running water was driving them insane. A slowly walked back towards B, letting the contents the pitcher slosh about.

*Slsh swish*

B was at the end of their rope.

“A…please…no more…I get it…please I’m gonna-“

“I know! You’re gonna drink this cup! I know how thirsty you are! You don’t gotta repeat yourself.”

Tears pricked B’s eyes as they watched the liquid slowly trickle into the glass. The sounds were pure torture. It was too much. B could only let out a small squeak as they felt themselves lose control. It started out as a small spurt, then a stream, and pee was pouring out of them.

A stared down with satisfied look as a quiet but unmistakable hissing sound filled the room. B was shivering and nearly doubled over as relief washed over them. They felt their bladder deflating and let out a moan. They had never had to pee that bad in their life. A met B at eye level.

“There now, isn’t that much better?”

B could only nod silently as their stream tapered off. Their pants were fully soaked.

“C’mon,” A cooed, scooping up B into their palm. “Let’s get you cleaned up.” And with that, A headed into the bathroom.

*002*2024-03-29 15:03

Please tell me I’m not the only one who imagines a giant with a painfully full bladder next to a city. (Macro omo)

Their potty dance is causing the ground to tremble. They can hear the content of their bladder sloshing around and it sounds like a fucking ocean in there. The city is so big that they have to walk through to actually get to a forest, or somewhere they can have privacy. They try to carefully watch where they step, onlookers freaking out, the police are already involved.

They’re trying to move is fast as they can, but their bladder feels like a bowling ball and they keep getting powerful spasms. One bad spasm causes them to leak just one drop and it causes a small flood on Main Street. Their hands shoot to their crotch. They feel like their gonna explode. They’re about halfway there when a helicopter zooms past their face and they finally realize that they’re surrounded by police cars. There’s too many to keep moving without seriously injuring someone, at best.

“Don’t move! We have you surrounded!”

“God not now… not here..!”

They let out an involuntary squeak as another gush of pee escapes from them. They frantically apologize as the stream pushes the cop cars down the road.

“I’m so sorry, but I’m about to burst!”

They start making a dash towards the edge of the city, the forest in sight. They’re so close! Just a little further! Another leak. They don’t stop running. Then another leak, longer, harder.

“Nononono please stop not here please!”

But it’s too late. Their poor bladder has reached its limit. It’s stretched out from their shirt, hard as a rock. As they try to hold back the flood, tears well up in their eyes. They’re so full. They were so close.

“S-sorry…” is all they can manage to say as the dam breaks.

*PSSSSSSSHHHHHH*

A tidal wave of piss crashes over the city. People, cars, and whole buildings are swept away. Soon, the only thing left is a giant reeking lake of pee where people once stood. And a pair of giant, soaked pants.

“A-aahhh…”

