Watersucker: The Desperation Prank - Page 2

Author: consch

*026*2016-04-09 22:49

Chapter 4

"David, why don't you sit here?" Stacy suggested, indicating a desk in the back row of their third period class. They had walked to class together after finishing their lunch. David sat at the desk, while Stacy staked out the desk immediately to the left and Christine took the desk immediately to David's right. After the teacher handed out course outlines, Stacy and Christine each moved her desk right up against David's. David wondered what the teacher would say if and when she noticed that her students were moving the furniture, but David himself decided not to comment on it.

As the teacher began to go over the course outline, Stacy and Christine each started to caress one of David's thighs. The girls moved their hands around to the inside of David's thighs and then each began to repeatedly kiss her side of David's neck. This struck David as peculiar classroom behaviour, but the teacher didn't seem to notice, and David didn't complain, although it did make it a bit difficult for him to concentrate on what the teacher was saying.

The two girls started to nibble and lick, as well as kiss, David's neck. Every so often one or the other of the hands on David's thighs would rub over his penis before returning to whichever thigh that hand had been on. As the class went on, the girls slowly moved their mouths up David's neck and eventually started nibbling his earlobes. Then they gently licked the insides of his ears, and after that, in unison, the two girls said in a playful near-whisper, "Watersucker." David smiled. He was amazed at how well they could bring back memories with that one word, particularly now that he properly understood what it meant.

Wait.

David felt the blood drain from his face. Surely they hadn't — he looked from side to side, and the two girls had backed off a little bit and started giggling. "You can't do that to me!" he said incredulously. "I'm not —"

"You're one of us now," Stacy said flirtatiously.

"Yes, but I didn't agree to —"

"You got to enjoy us," Christine interrupted playfully. "Now we . . . get . . . to . . . enjoy . . . you."

Just as she finished saying this, David was hit with a MASSIVE need to pee. He immediately grabbed his penis tightly with one hand and put his other hand straight up in the air. Stacy and Christine went from giggling to laughing. When the teacher called on David, David said, just as Stacy had in the previous class, "May I go to the bathroom?"

"This course outline is important," the teacher responded. "I'll let you know when I get to a good stopping place, sometime in the next fifteen minutes or so, and you can go then. If I stop now you'll forget where we were when you get back. What's your name?"

"David."

The teacher made a note on a piece of paper on her desk, said, "All right, then," and went back to going over the course outline. David used the hand that had been up in the air to help hold his penis.

"Wow, you really weren't expecting this, were you?" Stacy noted after a few moments. "You thought you'd just keep getting free shows." She turned her attention to Christine to say, "I guess you were right, Christine," then spoke to David again. "I thought that you'd be on the alert for us playing watersucker so soon after the last time, but Christine said that it wouldn't occur to you that we might watersucker you."

Christine had indeed been correct on that point. It still struck David as poor etiquette, but then he realized that it was kind of weird to think about prank etiquette, and he wasn't exactly in the strongest moral position after not uttering a word of objection in response to the girls watersuckering each other. Still, it had seemed to David that the girls were somehow okay with being watersuckered in a way that David himself wasn't, although he couldn't really pinpoint what that way was.

"I've wanted to watersucker a boy for so long," Christine said dreamily. "What's the matter, David?" she teased. "Do you have to pee really, really bad all of a sudden? Did you forget to go before? Or did you just not notice the hot girl putting some special powder in your milk at lunch?"

And right when they had told him about the powder, too. David felt so stupid. The teacher probably thought that she was being completely reasonable asking David to wait, but she didn’t know about the powder, and David was too embarrassed to tell her that he had been tricked.

"You're really cute, David," Stacy said. “But you’re even cuter when you’re squeezing your dick like it’s about to fall out of your hand. Are you ticklish?” She started tickling David’s left inner thigh, and Christine started tickling his right.

“No!” David gasped, in response to action rather than to the question, and crossed his legs tightly, both to make his inner thighs less accessible to the girls and to put more pressure on his frantically contracting penis. The girls started tickling his sides, each using both of her hands, moving erratically between mid-thigh and armpit.

Stacy brought her mouth right up to David’s left ear, and Christine brought hers up to his right, and they both whispered, “psssssss.”

“Don’t do that!” David said breathily, panting from the strain and laughing from the tickling. This was a nightmare. He had to pee worse than he could remember ever having to pee before, and he wasn’t allowed to leave his seat, and these two girls, hot though they were, were being extremely intrusive with their fingers and mouths and actually enjoying, in fact enjoying greatly, his immense panic and fear of wetting his pants for the first time since early childhood, and in a classroom full of his peers. He started squeezing his penis rhythmically with his hands, tensing his thighs to the same rhythm, and rocking back and forth.

The girls once again brought their faces away from David’s ears, although they continued to tickle him with all four of her hands. “Isn’t this delicious, Christine?” Stacy asked, sounding as though she herself were breathing heavily, although her tone was completely relaxed. “We’ve actually managed to watersucker a boy, and right after meeting him too, and now he’s trapped between us and we get to watch him freaking out and putting all of his effort into not peeing in his pants, and he really is squeezing his dick tightly, over and over again, with pretty much every possible other part of his body, while we tickle and play with him.”

“Delicious,” Christine agreed breathily. She looked misty-eyed and David did not think she would be able to formulate any more words for awhile. Of course, David doubted that he, himself, was capable of speech at the moment, either.

“You have to really, really, really have to pee, don’t you, David?” Stacy asked. “I bet you totally hate us right now.” She did not sound as though his hatred would distress her in the slightest. In point of fact, though, David did not have room in his mind for hate. All he could think about was holding his pee until he could get to a bathroom.

“David!”

The voice came from the front of the classroom and sounded a wee bit sharp. David looked up and saw the teacher staring straight at him. “What, are you completely spacing out?” she asked, annoyed. “I’ve gotten to a good stopping place in the outline. You can go to the bathroom now. But be quick; we need to get through the whole outline before the end of class, and I don’t want to cover any of it while you’re out of the room.”

Finally! David thought. He tried to push his chair back with the one foot that was still on the ground, but then Stacy and Christine each hooked one of her feet behind one of the legs of David’s chair. David uncrossed his legs so that he could push with both feet, but then Stacy and Christine each grabbed the back of David chair with one hand and a leg of her desk with the other. David removed one hand from his crotch to try to wrestle the girls’ hands and feet off of his chair, but even when he was able to remove one hand or foot the girl just put it right back as soon as he tried to take off the next one.

“Well?” the teacher asked impatiently. “Are you going or not?”

“His chair is stuck,” Stacy said. David used the hand that was not squeezing his penis to flip Stacy off. Stacy stuck out her tongue at David. The latter would have been a childish gesture but for the sparkle in her eye and the huge smile on her face.

The teacher rolled her eyes, sighed, and started walking toward the back row. David tried even more frantically to extricate his chair from the girls’ grip; he did not want the teacher to see him in this condition. His breathing became heavier with every step the teacher took until finally, just before the teacher got to his row, the girls suddenly removed their hands and feet from David’s chair and it almost toppled as David pushed it backwards with his feet. As soon as it was clear of the girls’ chairs, he got up, turned toward the door of the classroom, walked up to it, opened it, then put his free hand back in his crotch, walked to the boys’ bathroom as quickly as he could, pushed the door open with his shoulder, and got to a urinal. He struggled to open his fly without letting go of his penis, and then he painstakingly took his penis out, loosened his grip, and immediately started peeing HARD.

When he got out of the bathroom, Christine and Stacy were right there in the hallway waiting for him. They both put their mouths up to his and stuck their tongues into his mouth in a three-way French kiss.

“Are you mad at us?” Christine asked cutely.

“I’m okay,” David answered, still panting from his ordeal. But did he want to keep hanging out with these girls?

*027*2016-04-16 02:15

Chapter 5

When the three of them got back to class, David saw that the two girls had moved their desks back to where they had been originally. Or perhaps the teacher had moved them when her three students had been out of the classroom. David didn’t want to disrupt the class any further by trying to find a new seat, so he sat at the same desk as before, and the two girls did as well. Once the three of them were seated, the teacher went on with the course overview as though nothing unusual had happened. If David looked closely, he could tell that the teacher was still mildly irritated about the interruption, but she was hiding it well and David felt confident that she wouldn’t mention the incident to him again.

Stacy and Christine continued to lightly caress David’s thighs throughout the rest of the class, but that was all they did. David found it much easier to follow what the teacher was saying, although he did often find his mind drifting back to what the two girls had done to him and to each other.

And what they might do in the future.

Once this class was over, David thought, he should probably avoid these two girls at all costs. Sure, they were hot and playful and frisky, but man, they could sting like psychological hornets. But then he looked from one of them to the other and saw the dreamy smiles on their faces. Surely it was worth sacrificing some short-term comfort and dignity to make two girls smile like that?

Besides, to be completely fair, it was their “sting” that had attracted him to them in the first place. Now that he was thinking about it in a more relaxed frame of mind, it seemed reasonable that he should have to pay his dues if he wanted to watch them squirm at each other’s mercy.

When the class ended and the three of them starting putting their stuff away, Stacy said to Christine, “You know, I think I like the idea of expanding our horizons.”

“You’re the one who started it,” Christine pointed out.

“Only by accident. You’ve since taken it in a direction I would never have thought of. David, who else gets off the school bus at your stop?”

David, who had just finished zipping up his backpack, had to think about this. “Jenny and . . . Lizzie,” he said finally. “I think that’s what they call each other. I myself have never spoken with either of them.”

Stacy looked at Christine and said, “I think it’s high time we started making some new friends.” She turned to David and said “We’ll see you at the bus,” before swinging her backpack over her shoulder, getting up, and following Christine (who had done the same) out of the classroom. By the time David had donned his own backpack and gotten to his feet, the two girls were both out of sight.

Neither Christine nor Stacy was in David’s fourth period class. However, David’s experiences with them that day had been so intense that he spent pretty well all of fourth period savoring and recovering from those experiences, sparing a minimal amount of attention for the teacher’s explanation of grading schemes and the summary of material that would be covered that semester. The occasional flirty looks that David got from his fourth period classmates (looks that were completely superficial but would ordinarily have made him feel warm inside) he ignored entirely; he simply did not have room in his mind to think about the peers surrounding him at that moment.

By the end of fourth period, however, David’s mind had relaxed. As he went to his locker to get his jacket, he thought about the computer games he would be able to play when he got home since he didn’t have any homework that afternoon. He also wondered what interesting dreams he might have that night.

As he was waiting for his school bus to arrive at the school, David noticed Stacy holding two disposable coffee cups. As he walked toward her, he heard her ask someone else, “Do you want some hot chocolate?” before handing the two cups to two other girls who were also waiting for their bus. Stacy then turned to look at David.

“How come they get hot chocolate?” David asked resentfully. Even though he had technically only met Stacy that day, he felt slighted that she would give something to someone else but not to him.

“Oh, do you want some?” Stacy asked. She seemed a bit surprised, but her composure barely wavered, and she had a pleasant smile on her face.

No, not pleasant. Amused. Hungry.

David would have facepalmed if he hadn’t been worried about ruining the surprise.

Instead, he put on a smile of his own. “Actually, I think I’m okay,” he said, hoping that Stacy could tell that his resentment was now gone entirely. “Thanks, though.” He kissed her left cheek and said more quietly, “I do appreciate it.”

Stacy kept smiling but said nothing.

When David pulled away he saw that his bus had arrived, and that students were starting to board through the open front door. He was not surprised to see the two hot chocolate recipients heading toward that same bus, and he followed them as closely as he could without shoving aside anyone else trying to board that bus. He was able to get on the bus and to the aisle before the girls he was following got to their seats, and when they did sit down, both in the same two-person seat, David took the empty seat across the aisle from them. He scooted over to sit by the window and looked out; he didn’t want the girls across the aisle to catch him looking at them while it was still convenient for them to move.

David felt someone start climbing on top of him, and he looked to see that it was Christine. Stacy was right behind her and took the aisle seat next to David while Christine positioned herself on David’s lap. “What are doing?” David asked.

“You didn’t think we would let you have this show all to yourself, did you?” Christine asked.

“Is it common for you to randomly sit on people’s laps?” David asked, taken aback.

“Only when they take my take my spot,” Christine answered with a playful smile.

That was fair.

The anticipation of what was to come, and the knowledge that it would only last for a limited period of time, was making David’s stomach feel tight and his mouth start to dry up. He looked out the window, licked his lips, and tried to keep his mouth closed. He had to open it, though, in order to take some slow, deep breaths to try to relax himself. Even doing that, it was difficult to calm down, particularly with the girl sitting on top of him, but David was able to find some measure of peace by the time the bus started pulling away from the school.

Once the bus was moving, David turned from the window to look past Stacy to the two girls across the aisle sipping their hot chocolate. The sips were very small at first, but by the fourth sip they started to get more substantial. Presumably, the hot chocolate was starting to cool enough that it wouldn’t burn the tongue. More to the point, though, the clock had started ticking. David resumed looking out the window. There wouldn’t be much to see for awhile, and he didn’t want to get caught staring.

Morally, David should have warned the two girls across the aisle not to drink the hot chocolate. The surprise that he would have ruined would not be an entirely pleasant one for those being surprised. But it was meant as a joke; there was no real malice, only an extreme sort of playfulness. There was a fine line between the two, certainly, but David could tell when that line was crossed, and he had not yet seen either Christine or Stacy cross it, even when he had been their target. And, of course, David was looking forward to the show too much to have been willing to nip it in the bud.

David heard a female voice ask, “Why are you sitting on his lap?” He turned to see the two girls across the aisle looking at him and his two new friends.

“Because he’s cute,” Christine answered, wiggling her bum against David. “You like that, don’t you?” she asked David, moving around some more without taking her weight off of him.

“Are you seriously giving a lap dance on a school bus?” one of the girls across the aisle asked Christine incredulously.

“Totally,” Christine responded.

“Okay, whatever,” the girl across the aisle said, chuckling. To Stacy, she said, “Thanks for the hot chocolate. It’s really good.”

“Yeah, thanks!” the girl next to her said enthusiastically.

“You’re welcome,” Stacy said, smiling.

The girls across the aisle went back to drinking their hot chocolate. By the angles they were raising their cups, and the length of time they were holding them there, they appeared to be finishing up the last of it.

Christine ground her bum against David some more. “We’ve got them,” she said quietly into his ear. “They don’t know it yet, but we’ve got them. Both of them. We’ll be seeing a really great show in —” she turned to Stacy and raised her voice a notch — “how much longer, Stacy?”

Stacy looked at her watch. “Twelve minutes,” she said.

“Twelve minutes,” Christine repeated quietly into David’s ear. “In twelve minutes we’ll get to see some delicious panicking.” She said the last two words very slowly.

David’s mouth was watering.

The wait was difficult at first. David tried to pass the time by looking out the window, but he found himself looking back across the aisle every few seconds to see if anything had changed. The girls had stowed their (presumably empty) hot chocolate cups somewhere so that they wouldn’t have to hold them, but other than that David’s frequent glances didn’t reveal much. Christine helped the time to pass a bit more quickly by continuing to intermittently grind into David’s lap. Eventually David was able to look out the window for longer and started to zone out.

Then David heard Stacy say, “Hey.” He looked to see her addressing the girls across the aisle. She was giggling, and Christine was starting to giggle as well. “We put a special powder in the hot chocolate I gave you,” Stacy said. “It’s a trick we call ‘watersucker’. You should be feeling the powder’s effects in about —” she looked at her watch — “five seconds. Four, three, two, one —”

— and then Stacy and Christine both called out, “Watersucker!”

Just as they said this, each of the girls across the aisle, predicably, suddenly grabbed her crotch tightly with both hands and exclaimed, “Oh my god, I have to pee so bad!” Stacy and Christine double-high-fived each other and both started laughing triumphantly.

“Yup, that’s what the powder does,” Stacy said, still laughing. “Until today, Christine and I have only used it on each other, but now we’re realizing how much fun we can have by watersuckering new people. I bet you’re really uncomfortable right now. I bet you feel like you’re about to start wetting helplessly into your pants right here on the school bus.”

“This isn’t funny!” one of the girls across the aisle yelled. They were both squeezing their vulvas repeatedly with their hands. “I really, really have to pee!”

“So do I!” the girl next to her said.

“That’s what makes it funny!” Christine said. She was also still laughing. “Watching you both freak out and squeeze your pussies tightly, desperately trying not to pee all over yourselves right here in public, is one of the most beautiful things I can imagine. I’m pretty sure David here loves it, too.” She pressed her bum against David again, moving from side to side as she did.

David was starting to feel lightheaded.

The girls across the aisle both crossed their legs and started rocking back and forth and tensing their thighs in phase with the hands still squeezing their vulvas. Christine and Stacy started laughing harder.

“It’s getting worse, isn’t it?” Stacy asked her victims. “You have to pee so-o-o bad, but the bus isn’t at your stop yet, and you’re trying so-o-o hard to hold it, but you don’t know how much longer you can. I hope you live close to the bus stop and don’t have to walk too far with your full bladders, hunched over, taking tiny steps, and gripping your pussies as tightly as you possibly can, terrified that at any moment the pee might start shooting out of those pussies and make a huge mark on your pants while you’re out there on the sidewalk. Assuming you can even make it off the bus dry.”

“You know, watersuckering two people at the same time was a good idea,” Christine said to Stacy. “The way it hit them both at the same time made for an even bigger impact than we’re used to.”

“I know, right?” Stacy said. “Oh,” she added, looking out the window, “this is our stop.”

Christine looked out the window as the bus slowed down. “So it is,” she said.

“We’ll see you tomorrow,” Stacy said to the girls across the aisle, who did not appear to be in a condition to pay much attention. “We should be able to have a more meaningful conversation then. Of course, we’d love to stay and watch you for longer right now, but we need to get off here. Try not to piss yourselves.” To David, she said, “I know you’re enjoying the show, but do keep an eye out for your bus stop. You’ll probably spot it more easily than they will.” She nodded toward the girls across the aisle.

The bus stopped. Stacy, still laughing, got up and tickled the nearest of the two desperate girls, saying, “You really do have to pee amazingly badly, don’t you?” While she did this, Christine ground into David one last time. Then Christine got up as well, and she and Stacy started walking toward the front of the bus. David continued to watch the two frantically squirming girls across the aisle. They glared at him briefly, but then they had to return their attention to their own bodies.

As the bus started moving again, David found that the desperation was slightly less exciting without Stacy and Christine there to laugh and tease. But only slightly. He still got a great amount of enjoyment watching the two girls try to use their entire bodies to put pressure on their overworked vulvas, doing everything they could to keep from wetting themselves. They continued to squeeze rhythmically with their hands and crossed thighs, and to rock back and forth. It was quite a show. By the time David was able to tear his attention away, the bus was slowing down again and he realized that it was reaching his stop. “This is our stop,” he said to the girls across the aisle as he started to put on his backpack.

“Huh?” the nearer of the two girls asked.

“You get off the bus here, right?” David said.

The girl looked out the window. “Right,” she said uncertainly. She removed one hand from her crotch to pick up her backpack. The other girl did not appear to have noticed either of them, though.

When the bus stopped, David got up, walked to the aisle, and said to the desperate girl sitting next to the window, “You get off the bus here too, right?” She looked at David, confused, then she, also, looked out the window, appeared to understand in a distant sort of way, and also removed a hand from her crotch to pick up her backpack.

The aisle girl had, by this time, managed to stand, although she was bent over slightly and still had one hand frantically squeezing her vulva (her other hand was holding her backpack). David started walking toward the door to the bus so that he wouldn’t be in their way. When he got to the door, he looked back to see that both girls were some distance behind him in the aisle and moving very slowly. Since he wasn’t actually friends with either of them, he decided it would be weird to be seen to wait for them, so he got off the bus and started walking toward his house. He walked a bit more slowly than he might have otherwise, and he frequently looked over his shoulder to see if the girls had gotten off the bus yet.

He was halfway down the block when the girls did, eventually, emerge from the bus. He stopped to watch them; they were not facing him, so they probably wouldn’t notice him. He saw one of them point across the street, and then they both crossed in front of the school bus. Once they were across, the school bus pulled away. David then saw the girls both drop their backpacks onto the sidewalk across the street from him so that they could again hold their crotches with both hands. They would frequently raise one leg, bending it sharply at the knee, and cross it over the other.

Then they both went between two parked cars next to the sidewalk and, with great effort, and still pee pee dancing furiously, managed to unfasten their pants and get them and their underwear down to their knees. They then quickly squatted down between those same two parked cars and David immediately saw a powerful stream of pee coming down from under their bare thighs. David stared at them openmouthed. They were peeing, outside, in a suburban area, hidden only by two cars, their bare bums exposed to the air. David was not, by any means, offended by this, but it was something he did not get to see very often.

He spent a few moments taking in the tableau before him: two girls, squatting between a pair of parked cars, their legs bare from knee to waist, peeing on the asphalt. He tried to store it in his mind. He didn’t want the girls to catch him staring, though, so once he thought he had the image memorized, he turned and continued to walk home.

Forget computer games. What David needed was a nap.

*031*2016-04-17 08:46

{{: 

I have honestly never read this story before and it is so very good I'm excited to read what happens next

}}

Thanks! I'll post the next chapter soon.

*033*2016-04-17 17:17

Chapter 6

Neither of the girls at David’s bus stop spoke to David while they waited for the bus the next morning. The girls did not appear to be upset with David; they simply ignored him the way they always had. Had they forgotten about what happened yesterday? If so, then perhaps that was best; the memory would be unlikely to endear David to them.

When the bus came, David sat alone in the front row while the girls went further back. When Christine and Stacy got on the bus a few stops later, they ignored David and also went further back in the bus to sit. David was a bit put off by the lack of attention, but he knew that not every day could be as intense as the previous one had. In fact, even sitting there alone on the bus, David was able to pass the time quite effectively merely by replaying yesterday’s events in his mind.

Neither Christine nor Stacy acknowledged David when they got off the bus. When he saw them again in his second period class (and he only saw them because he knew to look for them), they did not speak to him or even appear to recognize him. Perhaps they had gone back into “boring” mode.

At lunch, David sat with some of his other friends. He didn’t say much, and he only half-listened to the stories his friends told. He finished his lunch within five minutes, then said, “See you guys later,” gathered his garbage, got up and threw it out, and then went for a walk through the hallways.

He found some more of his friends in the hallways, and each time he saw a small group of them he would walk over and chat with them for a minute or two. Many of his friends were female and attractive and playful, and it was enjoyable to spend time with them. But he found their stories to be less exciting, and their flirting less intense, than Christine’s or Stacy’s, and before any of the hallway chats had gone on long he would get bored and politely excuse himself to go wander some more.

He was still walking around when, out of nowhere, he suddenly felt an intense need to pee. He had to squeeze his penis with his hand in order to keep from wetting himself. Just as he did this, he heard a chorus of triumphant female voices shout out, “Watersucker!” He turned to see Christine, Stacy, and the two girls from his bus stop (Jenny and Lizzie?) looking straight at him and laughing. The four girls high-fived each other in pairs, then started running toward David. As great as it was to have their attention again, it would be difficult to have much fun while needing to pee this badly, so David ran away from them as well as he could given his condition.

Turning a corner, David saw a bathroom halfway down the next hall. He ran toward it, hoping to make it there before the girls reached him. He heard one of them shout, “Quick, we can’t lose him now!” Still holding his penis tightly, David put a burst of energy into trying to beat the girls to the bathroom. But it wasn’t enough. He felt them catch one of his elbows, then the other, and then two of them ran past him, stopped, and turned to face him. They walked right up to him, blocking his path, and the two girls behind him released his elbows but kept their positions. He was surrounded. The girls started laughing harder.

“We got you!” Christine said excitedly. “It was really hard to sneak that powder into your milk at lunch without you noticing, but we did it, and now you’re bursting to pee but you’re trapped between us!”

David tried to force his way between two of the girls, but they both pushed him back. He couldn’t overpower two girls at the same time, especially not while frantically trying not to pee in his pants. “Come on, let me out!” he begged. “I really have to pee!”

“Yeah, that powder works really well, doesn’t it?” Stacy asked, still laughing. “You feel fine one minute and then BAM!, you feel like you’re going to explode.”

“Isn’t this fun?” Christine asked one of the other girls. “Put some powder into a boy’s drink, wait fifteen minutes, and then ambush him and watch him squeeze his dick while he begs you to let him go to the bathroom. Let’s tickle him.” She started to do so, and was quickly joined by the other three girls. Eight hands moved irregularly all over David’s body, tickling his thighs, his waist, his armpits, his stomach, and even his bum.

“Stop it!” David yelled. “I really, really, really have to pee!” He was squeezing his penis rhythmically now, rather than continuously. He had to pee soooo badly.

“Aww, poor David,” Stacy teased, smiling widely while she and the other girls continued to laugh and tickle David. “He desperately needs to go pee, but he has four girls keeping him away from the bathroom and tickling him. What’s wrong, David? Do you feel like you’re about to start peeing uncontrollably into those tan-coloured pants you’re wearing? Do you feel like, no matter how hard you squeeze and try to stop it, the pee is about to start flowing out through your dick and then slowly down your legs, making a big, dark, embarrassing spot for everyone to see?”

David lifted his right leg and crossed his thighs tightly, for a few seconds, over the hand that was still squeezing his penis twice a second. Then he put his right foot back on the floor and did the same thing with his left leg. Then he bobbed down on his knees for a few seconds. While he did this, he tried to fight off the girls with his other hand, but one hand, particularly when attached to someone with a full bladder, was no match for eight, so he eventually started using his second hand to help squeeze his penis. He did feel like he might start wetting himself soon.

“This is fun!” one of the girls from David’s bus stop said, impressed. “That panicked look on his face is amazing! Not to mention the super sexy pee pee dance that he’s doing right now: squeezing his dick, crossing his legs, bobbing up and down. You girls rock!”

It was great to be appreciated by four enthusiastic girls, even as an object, but David wished the appreciation could have come from something less problematic for himself. On the other hand, the fact that the girls were untroubled by David’s distress proved that the enthusiasm they directed at him was genuine and not merely for David’s benefit (they would not be trying to charm him while openly tormenting him), and that made that enthusiasm sweeter. But he could not bask in it right then; he needed to concentrate on not wetting his pants.

A crowd of other students was starting to gather around them. It was embarrassing enough for David to have to dance around and frantically squeeze his penis in front of four girls, but to have even more people watch him do it . . . This could not be happening. David willed it to be a dream. If it was, though, he could no more escape it than he could escape the four girls around him.

“Come on!” he begged, feeling like he might start crying. “More people are coming! Let me go!”

“We don’t want to let you go yet,” Christine said. “We’re having too much fun. Aren’t we, girls?”

The other three girls voiced their affirmations.

“Besides,” Christine said to David, “this is a great way to make new friends.” She winked, and David thought back to when he had heard Stacy talk about “making new friends”. But he couldn’t daydream any more than he could bask; he needed to use all of his attention to keep from peeing himself.

Two girls and two boys had joined their group. Stacy said to them, “We put some powder into David’s drink at lunch to make him have to pee really bad, really suddenly, and now we’re keeping him away from the bathroom and watching him freak out. It’s a trick we call ‘watersucker’, and it’s really fun.”

“You girls are evil,” one of the new arrivals, a girl, said, impressed.

“I know, right?” Stacy said. “Hey David, don’t think about waterfalls.”

“I hate you all,” David said.

“Psssss. . .” Christine started, and the other three girls surrounding David joined in while they continued to tickle him all over.

He was becoming more and more desperate to pee. He tried to squeeze his penis even more tightly with his hands while he continued to cross and tense his thighs, bob up and down on his knees, and sometimes simply bend at the waist. He was practically peeing in his pants, and these four girls seemed to be doing everything they could to make his need worse, and each girl seemed to be feeling two units of pleasure for every unit of David’s distress.

The strangers, mercifully, did not take part in tormenting David. They seemed more interested in taking in the situation as a whole: the panicking boy, the gleeful girls. They behaved as David himself would have in their place, and David did not fault them for it. He just wished the girls had released him before the witnesses had appeared.

Forget that. He hoped the girls released him now, before he completely soaked his pants in public.

The bell rang. The sudden sound made David lose a few drops of pee into his underwear. He tensed his penis from the inside while continuing to squeeze with hands and thighs. He wouldn’t be able to stay dry much longer.

Stacy stopped tickling and making pee sounds, and the other girls followed her lead. “You’d better get to class,” Stacy told the two girls from David’s bus stop. She then took one arm out of her backpack, opened a back pocket, took out two envelopes, and handed one to each of the two girls. “These are invitations to a party we’re having on Saturday,” she explained. The two girls each took an envelope and then left the circle.

Free at last, David immediately started making his way to the bathroom. He could only take small steps, keeping his thighs close together, and every few steps he had to stop to cross and tense his thighs, or bob down, or bend over. He kept moving, though, and eventually he did make it to the bathroom. He opened the door and made his way to a urinal. He felt himself spurt slightly into his underwear a second time, even though he was still holding his penis as tightly as he could. After that, though, he was somehow able to get his penis out of his pants before the pee started flowing again, and when it did, nothing he could have done would have even slowed it down.

Stacy and Christine were still in the hallway when he got out of the bathroom, although the four strangers, as well as the two girls from David’s bus stop, were all gone.

“That was beautiful,” Christine said dreamily.

“That was scary,” David retorted, feeling rather annoyed. But his annoyance evaporated when he remembered the girls’ triumphant laughter. It was not a condescending laughter, but rather the gleeful laughter of, after some effort, becoming the master of the hour and only of the hour. They were not slavers. They were playmates.

“It’s never easy being the victim,” Christine said. “But you looked so cute doing that frantic pee pee dance with that panicked look on your face while you begged us to let you go.”

Again, it was great to be appreciated, and now that he was more relaxed he could bask in it.

“Here,” Stacy said, handing David an envelope. “Party at our house on Saturday.”

David hesitated. He though it would be wise to keep as much distance between himself and these girls as possible.

“You don’t have to come to the party if you don’t want,” said Stacy. “But take the invitation. It won’t hurt you. It’s paper, cardboard, and ink. Okay, well, it might give you a papercut if you’re not careful, but other than that it’s harmless. Hurry up, we’re going to be late to class.”

Against his better judgment, David took the envelope, and then the three of them walked briskly to their next class.

*035*2016-04-17 17:56

{{: 

When's the embarrassing wetting lol

}}

I might put one of those in later. But I'm trying to avoid having anything happen to the characters that would ruin or excessively disrupt their day. I don't think there's any wetting in Chapter 7. Chapter 8 has not yet been written, so I'm open to suggestions for that and future ones.

I did write two other desperation stories that contain different levels of wetting. They both involve male desperation, since it seems to currently be in shorter supply than female desperation. They are titled "Miss McMillan's Milkshake Parlour" and "A Bus Ride With April", and should be fairly easy to find online. I didn't feel a need to post them here because they are already posted in several other places, and even if all of those sites go down I still have them on my computer at home, but I'd be happy to repost them here if anyone thinks that they are sufficiently on-topic.

*039*2016-04-18 16:16

Chapter 7

When they got to their third period class, most of the desks were taken. The three desks where Stacy, David, and Christine had sat the day before were still available, but David thought it might be a good idea to sit away from the two girls this time. However, before he could find a fourth available desk, Christine had pushed him, playfully but firmly, into the chair he had occupied the previous day. Christine and Stacy then sat down at the desks beside him, and the late bell rang. At that point, David decided it would be better to simply stay where he was than to make a fuss and disrupt the class over something that didn’t really matter that much. He just hoped that he didn’t get watersuckered a third time in two days.

Once the three of them had gotten everything they needed for the class out of their backpacks, the two girls again moved their desks right up against David’s. Then Christine put her left hand into David’s underwear and gently caressed his penis with her fingers. “Your underwear’s damp,” she said quietly into his ear. “Did you pee a bit into your clothes? I guess you really did have to go. Stacy was right; that powder really hit you hard. Of course, I don’t imagine it helped to have the four of us tickling you and making pee sounds. You were really at your limit when you finally made it to the bathroom, weren’t you?”

The teacher started talking, and Christine moved her face away from David’s ear. She continued, however, to play with his penis with her left hand inside his underwear while she took notes with her right hand. Every so often, Stacy would add her own hand, either by taking a break from her note-taking or by crossing her left hand over her body. It was extremely distracting, but it was also fun, and it was reassuring to know that the two girls had not lost their playfulness. David took what notes he could and hoped that the textbook would be able to fill in any gaps in those notes.

Eventually the lecture ended and Christine removed her hand from David’s penis to pack her class materials. Stacy was packing her stuff as well, and David started doing the same. Christine and Stacy left the classroom without glancing back at David, and David decided to give them time to get well away before he himself left the room.

Fourth period was uneventful. David found that he was able to take much better notes in that class than he had in third period.

David sat in the front row of the school bus on the way home. Christine and Stacy did not. By then, though, David had no objections to spending some time away from them.

When he got home, David went to his room, took off his backpack, and took out the envelope Stacy had given him after lunch. He opened it and took out the invitation. It was a fairly typical invitation card that included the date, time, and location of the party, and a number to call if he wished to accept the invitation. There was no mention of any theme for the party. He read the invitation over about six times before putting it and the envelope on his desk and sitting down on his bed.

Should he go to the party? He enjoyed being around Christine and Stacy, and their company would probably be even more fun at a party than at school. But sometimes the twins seemed intent on making David’s life difficult, and spending time with people like that seemed like a bad idea.

No, that was a misinterpretation of their objective. Yes, some of David’s experiences with the twins had been difficult for David, and yes, the twins had deliberately engineered and prolonged that difficulty, but remembering their facial expressions David found it impossible to think of them as bullies. Watersucker was a game to them. David realized that he actually liked the idea of making a game out of a real-world situation, so long as no one got hurt, and being watersuckered was not exactly painful or damaging. It almost was, but the fact that they picked a situation at the very limit of harmlessness for their game made it that much more exciting. If they had, instead, made a game out of, say, putting necklaces onto people, it would not have had the same thrill because their target would not have cared. The contrast in emotion between the instigator and the victim appealed to David.

In fact, David highly approved of their specific choice of prank. He agreed that it fun to watch people desperately trying not to wet themselves. He didn’t particularly enjoy being watersuckered, but neither did the twins. The question was whether David was willing to put up with it, both for the twins’ amusement and so that David would have the opportunity to see other people (the twins themselves as well as whatever “new friends” they might make) get watersuckered, and the answer, David realized, was yes. He truly was one of them, and he would go to their party.

He checked with his with parents to make sure it was all right, and then he called Christine and Stacy to let them know.

For the rest of the week, Christine and Stacy smiled and said hi whenever they saw David, and their eyes sparkled more than those of David’s other classmates, but other than that the days were like any other school days. Not unpleasant; it was refreshing to have girls smile at him, and being the first week of classes homework was still light; but not particularly notable.

While David and the twins waited at the school for the bus to arrive after classes on Friday, Christine asked David, “Are you still coming to our party?”

“Yes,” David answered.

“Cool!” Christine said. “It’ll be a blast, I promise.”

David’s mother dropped him off at the twins’ house on Saturday five minutes after the party start time on the invitation. She made sure he had his cell phone on him so he could call when he was ready to be picked up. Then David got out of the car, went up to the door, and rang the doorbell.

Christine answered the door. “David!” she said excitedly, smiling widely and giving him a big hug. “Come on in.” David waved good-bye to his mother, who then drove off, and then David followed Christine inside, closing the door behind him.

“David’s here!” Christine called out ahead of them.

Stacy came running through a doorway and also excitedly said “David!” and gave David a big hug. Then the two girls led David into the living room.

There were two couches and three armchairs set up around the coffee table, which held a large bowl of tortilla chips, two small bowls of dipping sauces, and a stack of paper cups. The rest of the furniture in the room barely registered in David’s mind as Christine and Stacy lead him straight to one of the couches and pushed him down right in the middle. The girls themselves then sat down on either side of David and squeezed up against him as tightly as they could, as though they were trying to make room for five people on a three-person couch, even though there was a second couch available and they were the only three people in the room.

“You’re the first one here,” Stacy said to David. She gestured toward the table. “The cups are for later. For now, we’ve got guacamole that we made, in addition to salsa that we got from a jar.” She took a chip and dipped it in the guacamole. “Here, try some,” she said.

David opened his mouth to tell her that he didn’t feel comfortable consuming anything that she offered him, but before he could get a word out Stacy had stuck the dipped chip into David’s open mouth. He could have left his mouth open and tried to remove the chip, but that would have been awkward, and he didn’t want to spend the entire party fighting with the twins, so ate the chip that was already in his mouth.

Christine picked up another chip, dipped it in the salsa, and said, “Try the salsa too. I know you’ve had it before, but it’s good to refresh your memory so that you can make a good comparison.” David, having just finished the previous chip, opened his mouth again, again had a chip inserted into it, and again decided to go along with his hostesses by eating the chip.

Christine then dipped a chip into the guacamole, and Stacy dipped one into the salsa, and each girl ate her own chip.

The doorbell rang. “I’ll get it,” Christine said, getting up from the couch, and left the room. A few seconds later, she called out, “It’s Lizzie!” A few seconds after that, Christine and Lizzie, one of the girls from David’s bus stop, entered the living room.

“Hey, Lizzie!” Stacy said brightly. “Sit down. Have some chips.” Stacy picked up a chip, dipped it in the guacamole, and ate it.

Christine walked over to the coffee table, helped herself to a salsa-dipped chip, and was about to sit back down when the doorbell rang again. “I’ll be right back,” she said, leaving the room again while Lizzie sat down on the second couch. A few seconds later Christine returned to the living room with Jenny, the other girl from David’s bus stop. “Help yourself to some chips,” Christine told Jenny as the two of them sat down, Christine again tightly against David, and Jenny on the other couch with Lizzie. Christine and Stacy each ate a chip dipped in one sauce or the other, and David had one as well, deciding that, if the twins were both eating them, they were probably safe. Jenny and Lizzie, apparently coming to the same conclusion, started having some chips themselves.

“We’ve got four more people coming,” Stacy said. “We put a slightly later start time on their invitations than on yours, so we’ve got —” she looked at her watch — “at least five and probably closer to ten minutes before they start getting here. We’re planning to watersucker all four of them at the same time. As long as you don’t drink any soda, we encourage those of you who are here now to shout out ‘Watersucker!’ with Christine and me when the time comes, and I’ll let you know when that is by making eye contact, nodding, and then counting down the seconds with my fingers. We’ll shout the word when I reach zero.”

“I don’t think I’ll join in,” David said. He didn’t want to seem mean.

Stacy shrugged. “It’s up to you. But don’t warn them. Christine and I have been planning this for several days, and I’d really like it to work. We’re keeping the soda cold in the fridge right now. Once everyone’s here, I’ll bring it into the living room while Christine gives everyone a quick tour of the common areas.”

“This is going to be so much fun!” Christine said.

David started to daydream about what it would be like to watch four people desperately needing to pee but being kept away from the bathroom and teased by four cute, mischievous girls. Would the victims all be female? All male? Or a mixture? David wasn’t even sure which he would find most exciting. Girls were more interesting, perhaps, but boys might provide some variety. David wasn’t attracted to boys himself, but he enjoyed seeing them interact with girls. A mixture might be best. Three girls and one boy? Or, with all the girls in the room already, might two male and two female victims be more exciting?

The doorbell rang once more, and once more Christine went to answer it. She came back with a boy. It was not someone David knew.

A second later, though, David realized that he had, in fact, seen the new arrival once before. The stranger had been one of the people who had gathered to watch David the last time David had been watersuckered.

One of the four people.

David was pretty sure he knew who the rest of the guests would be, and as they came in, one by one, he found that he was correct. Their victims were the same people who had previously been David’s spectators. Two boys and two girls.

They were surprised, of course, that David was still hanging out with Christine, Stacy, Jenny, and Lizzie after what they had done to him. When they asked David about it, David told them that he had accepted it as a joke.

Once the final guest had had a few chips, Christine asked everyone to follow her for the quick tour Stacy had mentioned earlier. They all went to the kitchen, and then they left Stacy there while Christine showed the rest of them the dining room, the television room, and the bathroom. “That concludes the tour,” Christine said once they had seen the bathroom. “You can head back to the living room. Stacy will have brought soda there by now.” The four intended victims started to do so, but David, Jenny, and Lizzie lingered for a few seconds and watched Christine reach around the bathroom door to the inside doorknob, push the button to lock it, and then bring her hand back outside and close the door until it clicked. She tried the outside doorknob to make sure it was locked, and then she looked at the three of them and winked. They then all followed the others back to the living room.

Stacy had indeed returned with two soda bottles, one of black soda and the other of clear soda, which she had put on the coffee table next to the cups. Stacy herself was sitting on one of the couches. The four guests whose names David did not know each poured themselves a cup of one soda or the other, and then sat down and began to drink them. David saw Stacy discreetly check her watch, then motion for David to sit next to her, which he did. Christine sat on David’s other side, and Jenny and Lizzie also picked spots and sat down. All nine of them then began to help themselves to more chips.

“Let’s all introduce ourselves,” Christine said. “I’m Christine.” She looked at David.

“David,” David said.

The others all gave their names. Stacy, Jenny, and Lizzie, David already knew. The remaining girls introduced themselves as Diane and Brooke, the remaining boys as Victor and Kent.

They all continued to snack on chips, and the four who were drinking soda would refill their cups whenever they were empty. “I really like the guacamole,” David told Stacy.

“Thanks,” Stacy said.

Before long, the chips and soda were all gone. “We’ll be right back,” Stacy said, putting the two small bowls and the empty cups into the large bowl and carrying it out of the room. Christine followed her with the two empty soda bottles. They both returned promptly and sat down where they had been right up against David.

“So you’re not upset about being kept away from the bathroom when you really had to pee?” Victor asked David.

David shrugged. “They’ve done nice things that make up for it. Besides, their enthusiasm is infectious, even when it’s directed against me.” He looked around at everyone, and Christine, Stacy, Jenny, and Lizzie were all smiling mischievously. “See?” David asked. “Who could resist those smiles?”

“They actually make me a bit nervous,” Diane said.

“They’ll do that,” David said. “Sometimes they’ll make you downright terrified. But the terror will fade long before the memory of the smiles does, and when that happens, that memory will warm your soul.”

David felt Stacy’s eyes on him. He looked to her staring straight at him. She nodded, then lifted a hand to chest level and extended three fingers. She curled the fingers in one at a time, and just as she curled in the final one, making a fist, she, Christine, Jenny, and Lizzie all shouted out, “Watersucker!”

The word had barely left their lips when Victor, Diane, Brooke, and Kent all sudden grabbed their crotches tightly. Stacy, Christine, Jenny, and Lizzie started laughing triumpantly.

“You did it to us?” Diane asked incredulously.

“You’re partying with us,” Stacy said, still laughing with the others. “You’re fair game.”

The four victims all got up and briskly walked out of the living room, still holding themselves tightly. The four laughing girls and David followed them as they made their way to the bathroom that had been presented during the tour. When they reached it, one of the four desperate students knocked on the closed door, and when no one answered, all four of them tried the doorknob, but it wouldn’t turn.

“I locked the door right after the tour,” Christine told them. “You’re not getting out of this that easily.” Led by Christine, the four still-laughing girls formed a semicircle around the group trying to get into the bathroom.

Brooke took a pin out of her hair and stuck it into the hole in the doorknob with one hand while squeezing her vulva tightly with the other. Stacy untucked Brooke’s shirt from her pants and started tickling the exposed sides of Brooke’s waist. “Do you have to pee, Brooke?” Stacy asked teasingly. “That powder we put in the soda hit you really hard, didn’t it? You have to pee badly, but you’re locked out of the bathroom and being tickled while you try to get the door open. Will you open it in time? Before the pee starts flowing uncontrollably out of your pussy and into your jeans?”

Christine started tickling Kent, and then Jenny and Lizzie started tickling Victor and Diane. Christine, still laughing with the others, said, “Wow, we got you so good. You all look so cute frantically squeezing your dicks and pussies, trying so hard not to piss yourselves before Brooke gets the door open.”

“Stop tickling me!” yelled Kent. “I really, really have to pee. Come on, Brooke, hurry up.”

“I’m going as fast as I can!” said Brooke. “I have to pee too.” To Stacy, she said, “Stop tickling me. And stop laughing. This isn’t funny; I really, really have to pee!”

The four students who needed to pee were starting to dance around, tensing their thighs, crossing and uncrossing their legs, bobbing up and down, repeatedly squeezing and releasing their penises and vulvas with their hands, and panting. It was quite a sight. The four laughing girls continued to tickle them on exposed skin between raised shirt and pants, and also reached under shirts to tickle armpits, tickled exposed necks, and tickled thighs and bums through pants. Brooke was still trying to unlock the door, but she was also trying to get away from Stacy’s fingers and trying not to wet her jeans, and she was having difficulty doing all three things at once.

“It looks like it’s getting worse,” Christine teased. “It looks like we’re about to see four cute, embarrassing pee accidents. What’s the matter, Kent? Do you feel like your squeezing isn’t going to be enough to keep the pee from hissing out through your dick into clothes while you stand here desperately hoping for Brooke to hurry up?” She pressed on his bladder briefly, making him gasp.

“This isn’t funny!” yelled Kent.

“What are you talking about?” Christine asked. “It’s hilarious! Watching you all drink soda that we’ve spiked with our special powder, and then watching you all have to pee really bad, really suddenly, all at the same time, and then watching you run to the bathroom and find it locked, and now watching you frantically try to get the door open while you do four desperate pee pee dances out here in the hallway and we tickle you — It’s just so perfect.”

“Pssss...” Stacy started, and the other girls who had been laughing joined in while the four people they were tickling continued to pee pee dance wildly.

Brooke finally managed to unlock the door. David heard it pop, and then Brooke turned the doorknob and opened the door. The four people who needed to pee all tried to get into the bathroom at the same time. The door wasn’t wide enough for all four of them, but after a fair bit of pushing and shoving and trying to pull each other out of the way, all four of them made it into the room. The four remaining girls followed them in and resumed laughing, and David decided he might as well go in with them, since everyone else was already in there.

Brooke, having been the one to open the door, was the first to make it to the toilet. As she started to undo her pants, Diane pushed her out of the way and then started to undo her own pants. Brooke finished undoing her pants, pushed Diane out of the way, pulled her own pants and underwear down to her knees, sat on the toilet, and started peeing. She exhaled loudly.

“Oh my god, that feels so much better,” Brooke said.

“Just hurry up!” Diane said urgently, still dancing and holding her vulva with her pants halfway undone. “I have to pee too!”

“So do I!” said Kent, crossing his legs and squeezing his penis frantically.

“Me too!” said Victor, doing the same.

Brooke started to laugh quietly. “You actually do look cute when you badly have to pee and the toilet isn’t available. I’m enjoying watching you dance around while I get to pee in the toilet. It feels really good to finally pee, but it feels even better to do it while watching people who still aren’t able to, even though they’re almost wetting themselves.”

“I can’t wait any longer,” Diane said. “I’m going in the bathtub.” She walked over to the bathtub, finished undoing her pants, pulled them and her underwear down to her knees, squatted over the rim, and started peeing. Kent and Victor also walked over to the bathtub, took out their penises, and started peeing into it.

“And now you have to expose yourselves to us,” Stacy said, still laughing. “How embarrassing for you!” The three peeing into the bathtub did indeed appear to be embarrassed, and even Brooke now seemed a bit embarrassed. David took a mental snapshot, then headed back to the living room and sat on one of the couches

A minute or so later, Brooke joined him in the living room, sitting in one of the armchairs. “That was intense,” she said breathlessly.

“No kidding,” said David.

“You didn’t have to go through it. Not today, anyway.”

“No, but I still found it intense.”

Brooke smiled. “Just watching, you mean. It was a pretty good show, which I realized as soon as I was on the toilet. But . . . man, like . . . Do Stacy and Christine do this to everyone?”

“They’ve done it to everyone here. I don’t know if they’ve done it to anyone else. I think, before this week, they only ever did it to each other.”

“But now they’re doing it to people they’ve just met?”

Now it was David’s turn to smile. “I’m sure you remember how you met them.”

Brooke smiled again. “Ah. That makes sense. So it was a trap all along.”

“You shouldn’t think of it that way. They describe it as ‘making new friends’, and, while it might be an unusual type of friendship, it is still friendship. They like you. They like me. They like each other. They just happen to like playing games that are a little bit . . . intense. Sometimes you’ll be the target. Sometimes you won’t. But, if you want to play, you have to play both ways. I might have been the one watersuckered at this party, and I knew this, but I still came, and I’m glad I did.”

At that point the others came back into the living room, sat on the couches and armchairs, and began to talk about what had happened.

*041*2016-04-19 21:25

This is as much of the story as I have written so far. I had previously posted this story on peesearch.net and holdyourbladder.info under the same username (consch). Here are the links:

Peesearch: Chapter 1

Chapter 2

Chapter 3

Chapter 4

Chapter 5

Chapter 6

Chapter 7

Holdyourbladder is no longer active, but you can at least verify that the story was written by conch here

(it's the sixth thread that doesn't have a picture of a pushpin).

Peesearch is still active, though, so you can confirm with the author there that he is me. You will need to log in to peesearch to follow the links for that site.

*043*2016-04-28 01:13

{{: 

I must say this is possibly one of the best fics I've ever read to be honest. I can't wait for all the chapters to be released.

}}

Thanks!

