Problems of a Knight in Training

Author: Char242

*000*2018-04-18 07:22

Author’s note: This series is a prequel/spinoff of a Knight and Her Problems that takes place in the months before the bandit attack mentioned in Part 7 of the original story. This story will focus on Lisa and Diana. Hope you enjoy.

It was the fourth day of the new year as Lisa strolled through the streets of Solaris. The winter had been abnormally warm with very little snowfall. As she approached the town’s guild hall, Lisa could feel herself becoming more and more anxious. Her instructor Diana had sent a letter earlier in the day summoning Lisa to the guild hall, although Lisa was unsure what Diana wanted. Entering the guild hall, Lisa noticed Diana sitting at the bar, a frothing mug of ale in front of her. “Mistress Diana, why have you summoned me here?” asked Lisa, her body shaking a little. “Have I done something wrong?”

“Don’t call me mistress. You know I hate that formal shit. Just call me Diana” replied Diana as she took a sip from her mug before setting back down again. “Besides I’m only four years older than you. Calling me mistress just makes me feel old.”

“But you are the one in charge of my knighthood training and my superior. To address you in such an informal way would be disrespectful.”

“Well, I won’t be your instructor for that much longer,” said Diana.

Lisa looked at her, unsure of what to make of what Diana had just said. “Are you abandoning me?”

“No nothing like that. It’s just that I’ve received news that a proctor for the Knighthood Exams will be arriving a couple months from now to asses this year’s potential candidates. The reason I invited you today is because I have also received word that you are one of the people that they are seriously considering allowing to take the test. Of course, you would still need to get an official invitation from an exam proctor before you could even take the test.”

“That’s amazing,” replied Lisa, her voice full of excitement. “What about Hawk and Lizzy?”

“Hawk and Lizzy have already been cleared by an exam proctor and have received their invitations for this year’s exam.”

“How did they receive their invitations already? I thought you said that the proctor hadn’t come yet.” Lisa stared at her Diana, a thousand questions racing through her mind

Diana averted her gaze as she thought of how to phrase the news to her. “The truth is that all the regular invitations for this year’s exam have already been given out. You did not get one. However, each year three exam spots are set aside to offer a second chance for those who failed the initial screening. To earn a spot, a potential candidate must take part in a fighting tournament and win. There are three tournaments and unfortunately for you, the first two tournaments have ended. That said, if you want the final spot you must participate in the final tournament and win.”

“That doesn’t sound so bad,” said Lisa.

“However, those who enter any of the tournaments and fail to win one of the three coveted spots are banned from taking the Knight’s Exam for two years. Thus, you have a choice to make. You can wait and see if you get an invitation for next year’s exam, or you can risk having to wait for two years to take the exam. Which will it be?” Diana watched as Lisa began fidgeting.

“I can’t allow Hawk and Lizzy to get ahead of me, even if it’s just by one year. I’m going to enter the tournament and I’m going to win,” declared Lisa, her eyes filled with fiery determination.

“That’s my girl,” smiled Diana. “Just so you know, I already signed you up for the tournament as I anticipated you would say yes.”

“What would have happened if I said no?”

“Well, I guess you would have been screwed,” laughed Diana. It was at this time that Lisa finally noticed that Diana was slightly drunk.

“How much have you had to drink?”

“Oh, I’d say maybe a mug or four. It takes me at least ten to get completely drunk,” replied Diana as she polished off what was in the mug in front of her. “By the way, how old are you again?”

“Hawk and I just turned eighteen yesterday. Why do you ask?”

“That’s great!” shouted Diana. She then turned her attention to the bartender and said, “I’d like another ale. Get one for my friend as well.”

As the bartender set the mug down in front of Lisa, she asked, “Why are you buying me a drink?”

“Simple,” said Diana, “now that you are of drinking age you can become my drinking buddy.”

“You really are drunk, aren’t you?”

“Maybe a little,” admitted Diana, “but who cares, today we have a cause for celebration so drink up.”

“Thanks, but no thanks. Hawk would get mad at me if I got drunk,” said Lisa as she pushed the mug away from her. As soon as she did this, Diana burst out in laughter. “Do you mind telling me what’s so funny?”

“Oh it’s just that your brother is way too overprotective. I’m gonna let you in on something, if you always do what he tells you to do, you’ll never get to have any fun. Come on and live a little.” Diana then pushed one of the mugs towards Lisa. “Or are you too chicken?” Diana’s words clearly struck a nerve because a second later, Lisa grabbed the mug and chugged it down.

“Hey bartender, give me another and keep them coming,” yelled Lisa as she slammed the empty mug down.

“That a girl,” cheered Diana as she polished off her fifth mug, completely unaware of the chain of events that her actions had just set in motion.

###

Several hours later, Diana and Lisa were still sitting at the bar. “Why does Hawk treat me like I’m a little kid? I’m a grown woman, I can make my own damn decisions” complained a drunken Lisa as she finished off her fifth mug of ale. “I mean I’m the older one by several minutes so if anything, I should be treating him like he’s the little kid.” Lisa then tried to take a sip from her empty mug. “Hey bartender can I get another.”

“I think you should stop now,” said Diana who was now beginning to sober up a bit.

“Screw you,” slurred Lisa, “I’m a grown ass woman who can decide for herself when she’s had enough.”

As Lisa reached for another mug, Diana snatched it from her and pushed it away. “I said you’ve had enough. Now let’s go.”

“Don’t treat me like a child!” screamed Lisa as she stood up from her seat and took a drunken swing at Diana.

Diana easily dodged it. “Then quit acting like one,” replied Diana as she back-handed Lisa across the face hard enough to knock her to the floor.

“You slapped me. I can’t believe you actually slapped me,” stuttered a shocked Lisa as she rubbed her cheek, doing her best not to start crying.

“Well you better believe I just did that. Now if you continue to act like a spoiled child, then I will have no choice but to throw you over my knee right her and now.”

“You don’t have the guts,” retorted Lisa. However, she would quickly regret saying that as Diana quickly grabbed her and threw her over her knee. Before Lisa had time to react, Diana began swatting her bottom with the force of a wooden paddle. Lisa’s cries of pain captured the attention of the other drunken patrons who began laughing at the sight of girl spanking another girl. “Alright. Alright. I’m sorry please just stop,” cried Lisa.

“Will you leave with me right now?” asked Diana, her hand poised to deal another blow. Lisa nodded her head. “Alright then, let’s get out of here.” Diana then got to her feet and offered Lisa a hand. She begrudgingly took it and quickly hoisted to her feet. As Lisa took a step forward, her legs went limp and she fell to her knees. “I see that you’re so drunk that you can’t even stand. Well I guess it can’t be helped.” Diana then turned her back to Lisa and knelt down. “Get on my back. I’ll carry you home.” Lisa did as she was told. The bar patrons watched in amusement as Diana carried Lisa out of the guild hall.

###

Once outside of the guild hall, Lisa began came to her senses long enough to realize how bad it would look if she went home now. “Diana, please don’t take me home. If Hawk sees me like this he’ll be really mad,” she pleaded.

“And just where do you expect me to take you then?”

“I was hoping that I could stay with you for the night,” said Lisa in the most innocent sounding voice she could muster. “After all, this is all your fault for goading me into drinking in the first place. And if you think Hawk is going to be mad at me, you have no idea how pissed he’ll be at you for getting me into this situation.”

While Diana was not the slightest bit scared of Hawk, she knew that it was probably better in the long run to avoid a scene with him when he was angry. “Fine, you can stay at my house tonight. But I am taking you back in the morning.”

“Deal,” said Lisa. Suddenly she began squirming a bit.

“Everything okay back there?”

“I’m fine,” she lied. In reality, the five mugs of ale she had drank were now coming back to haunt her.

Almost as if Diana could read her mind, she asked, “Do you need to pee?” Lisa violently shook her head. “Are you sure?” Lisa nodded. “Alright then, just let me know if you change your mind. We have a long walk ahead of us,” said Diana.

Throughout this entire exchange, Lisa had been thinking to herself how embarrassing it would be to admit that she had to pee because with as drunk as she was, there was no way that she was going to be able to go without Diana helping her. The very thought of having the woman she most admired and respected watch her pee terrified her. Instead she decided to try and hold it, a decision that she would soon regret.

###

Diana lived in a house on a large hill on the outside of town that overlooked almost the entire valley. In order to get there, the two would need to leave through Solaris’s western entrance. Lisa prayed for all that she was worth that the two would make it out of town without Hawk noticing. All the while, she could feel the liquid in her bladder jostle around with each step that Diana took.

They were almost at the entrance of the town when a familiar voice called out to them. “Diana, Lisa, what’s going on?” As Diana turned around, both she and Lisa saw a female elf running towards them. Diana recognized her as the one Lisa called Lizzy. “Is everything alright?” As Lizzy stepped closer, the reeking smell of booze finally hit her. “Lisa, are you drunk?” asked Lizzy, covering her nose.

“Please don’t tell Hawk,” begged Lisa.

“I’m sorry but if you’re so drunk that you can’t stand on your own, then I have no choice but to tell him,” replied Lizzy.

“Diana, I’m getting down,” declared Lisa as she did her best to get off of Diana’s back. The moment she stood on her own two legs, gravity pulled on her bladder hard enough that the pain caused her to fall to her knees. As she hit the ground, she felt a little squirt out into her panties. It was at this point she knew that it would be impossible for her to get to her feet without drenching herself in the process.

Lizzy looked at Lisa with disgust. “See, you can’t even stand on your own feet. Stay where you are. I’m going to go get Hawk.”

“Please don’t,” begged Lisa.

“I’m sorry,” said Lizzy. Before Lizzy even had a chance to leave, Diana grabbed her and pinned her against one of the buildings dotting the western entrance. “What the hell are you doing!”

“Look Lizzy, the last thing Lisa needs right now is Hawk getting angry with her so could you please keep this whole situation a secret from him?” asked Diana.

“I’m sorry but I just don’t feel comfortable keeping secrets from Hawk,” replied Lizzy. “Now please let me go.”

Diana merely laughed. “Oh really. If you really don’t like keeping secrets from Hawk, then I’m sure that he already knows about that special ointment you asked me to make you.” Lizzy averted her gaze, her face flush with embarrassment. This gave Diana all the ammunition she needed. “Now listen here elf girl, if you want to tell Hawk about what you saw here, then by all means go ahead. But know that if you do, then I will tell Hawk all about the ointment I gave you and what you’re using if for.”

“You wouldn’t dare,” said Lizzy, doing her best to be as intimidating as she could.

“Try me,” replied Diana.

Lizzy paused for a moment as she thought of what to do. “Alright I won’t tell him about this, just please don’t mention the ointment thing to anybody.”

“Sure thing,” said Diana. “However, in exchange I do want you to tell him that Lisa is staying at my place tonight. Now get lost.” Lizzy did as she was told. The moment she was out of sight, Diana walked back over to Lisa and knelt down so Lisa could climb onto her back once more. Once Lisa was on Diana’s back, they began the trek for Diana’s house one more.

###

They were half way up the hill when Lisa began losing control of her bladder. Lisa felt another spurt of urine leak into her partially soiled panties, the feeling of which caused her entire body to shiver. Diana clearly noticed Lisa’s discomfort as she said, “I know you need to pee but just hold on a little longer, were almost there.”

“I don’t think I can. It hurts really bad,” whined Lisa, another few drops staining her panties. “Just put me down, I’ll go right here.”

“I can’t do that,” said Diana. “The slope here is so steep that one wrong move and we could both go tumbling down. If you’ve got to go just go. Don’t worry about getting me wet. I’ll wash it off later.”

“I can’t do that,” cried Lisa.

“You don’t really have a choice,” said Diana. “Just do it.”

“Are you sure,” asked Lisa, her body barely able to hold it back. Diana nodded. “I’m so sorry,” she whispered into Diana’s ear. Diana felt Lisa’s body begin to tremble once more. Seconds later, Diana felt something warm and wet run down her back. Turning her head slightly back, she saw a combination of shame and relief cross Lisa’s face. The look on Lisa’s face was so erotic that Diana had to avert her gaze in order to keep her composure. She continued moving up the hill, all the while feeling Lisa’s pee soak down the back of her dress.

By the time they entered Diana’s house, both girls were drenched. Diana set Lisa down before grabbing a bucket to draw water for a bath from the well outside her house. As she began gathering the water, she was reminded of the mugs of ale that she had drank. She held it in as she filled her tub with water, and once that was accomplished proceeded to walk outside. Realizing that it no longer mattered if her dress got dirty since the back was already covered in piss, Diana just let it flow. She looked down as the front of her dress began to darken around her crotch and spread downward. The force of her stream was so strong that it soon overflowed her panties and came crashing down like a waterfall beneath her. When she was done, she walked back into the house and made preparations to heat the bath. What neither of the girls knew was that this night would change their relationship forever.

To be Continued…

