Please Notice Me Senpai

Author: Char242

*006*2018-05-12 10:43

Part 3: Kiss the Girl

“Is this a dream?” Kaito thought to himself as he looked at the cherry blossoms on the trees. He could feel a warm breeze as the blossoms began scattering around him. As he watched some of the petals hit the ground, he began to reflect on how something so beautiful was also so fleeting. It wasn’t long before he felt a petal on his hand. Looking down, he noticed that something was different. The hand he was looking at was his, but it was smaller. Jumping to his feet, he realized that not only had his hand shrunk, but so to had the rest of his body.

“Kai-chan,” called a female voice. He could not recall whose voice it was but it sounded familiar. Turning around, he saw a young girl standing behind him. She couldn’t have been more than eight or nine years old. Her face was silhouetted against the setting sun.

“Who are you?” he asked, only his voice sounded like it did before puberty. It was only then that he realized that he hadn’t shrunk, rather he had been reverted back to a younger self. The girl was deaf to his question.

“Kai-chan, promise me that we’ll always be together. Promise me that you’ll never love anyone but me,” said the girl.

“I promise, and if something happens that we get separated from each other, I swear I will find you,” responded Kaito. The words were coming from his mouth, but they were not his. It was as if an invisible force was compelling him to say it.

“I promise that I will love only you, Kai-chan,” said the girl as she stepped closer to him. She then reached into her skirt pocket and pulled out a wrapped caramel. “My grandmother once told me that a caramel and its wrapper are bound together by fate. Together they are safe. But should the caramel be unwrapped, it will surely be eaten and the wrapper thrown away. Separated, they are destroyed. We are like this candy, you are the wrapper and I am the caramel inside. By making this promise to each other, our fates have become bound, neither of us able to truly exist without the other.”

Kaito thought about what the girl just said. “What do you mean that neither of us can exist without the other?” he asked, his thoughts spinning. But the girl did not answer. Suddenly the space around them began growing dark. Then to his horror, he saw that the girl was being slowly swallowed up by a dark blob. “Don’t go!” he shouted desperately trying to grab hold of her hand. “At least tell me who you are.”

“Please find me Kai-chan!” called the girl just as the darkness completely enveloped her. Kai was now alone. As he looked down, he found he too was now slowly being swallowed up as well.

“I SWEAR I’LL FIND YOU!” he screamed as he too was consumed by the darkness.

###

“AHHHHH,” screamed Kaito as he shot up. Looking around, he saw that he was in his bedroom. Suddenly he felt his lungs begin to tighten and his airway begin to close up. He found himself gasping for air. “Not now,” he wheezed as he threw open the drawer of his night stand and began desperately rifling through it only to find that what he was looking for wasn’t there. Scanning the room, he saw that the object he was looking for was at his desk which was on the opposite side of the room. Kaito managed to get himself to his feet, only to fall to the floor with a loud thump after taking a couple of steps. He was beginning to lose consciousness.

Just as his eyes began to close, his bedroom door was violently flung open. “Kaito, what’s going on?” asked a female voice. Kaito couldn’t respond. With his last bit of strength, he motioned to his desk. The woman ran over to the desk, grabbed the object, and plopped down next to him. Gently cradling his head in her arms, she placed the bottom of the object in his mouth. “Just breath,” she said as she pressed down on the button at the top of the object. He inhaled deeply. Seconds past before the button was pushed a second time. The inhaler was removed from his mouth shortly thereafter. “Everything is going to be alright now,” cooed the woman as she began gently rocking him in her arms.

“Thanks,” he panted as he slowly began to steady his breathing.

“It’s been a long time since you’ve had an attack this bad,” said the woman. “Maybe we should go to the hospital.”

“I’m fine mom, I don’t need to go to the hospital,” replied Kaito. “I think I just need to rest for a bit.”

“How can you say your fine?” cried his mother, tears beginning to fall down her face. “You collapsed on the floor and almost lost consciousness. What would you have done if I wasn’t here? I could have lost you.”

“I’m sorry mom,” said Kaito, trying to fight back tears of his own. “I’ll go to the hospital.” As his mother left the room to go wake his father, Kaito’s mind shifted back to the dream. It felt way to real, as though it had really happened. His thoughts were interrupted when his father burst into the room, scooped him up and carried him to the car. This was an action that happened many times during his childhood, although Kaito was extremely surprised that his father still had the strength to carry him even now. As his family sped off for the hospital, he began to fall asleep again. The last thought that crossed his mind before losing consciousness was this: “I swear I’ll find you. Please wait for me until I do.”

###

It was the Friday of the second week of summer break as Megumi strolled through the halls of the school. She had just finished working on one of her many summer homework assignments in the school’s library and was preparing to head home. The library was on the third floor of the school, which meant that Megumi would have to walk down three flights of stairs. Normally this wouldn’t have been a big deal, but her ankle was still recovering from the sprain almost two weeks earlier. It also didn’t help that it had started hurting again after searching the entire school for her little sister almost two days earlier. “This sucks,” she complained as she began to imagine how much it was going to hurt to walk down the three flights of steps. As she turned the corner, she saw a girl crouched down next to one of the classrooms, one ear firmly planted to the door. It was Yui Tanaka, Kazuma’s younger sister. “Yui what are you doing?”

“SHHHH,” she whispered loudly before returning her attention back to the door. Her face was red and she was panting. A small trickle of blood was beginning to run from her right nostril.

“Don’t you shhh me,” replied Megumi as she approached her. But Yui was too absorbed in whatever was happening on the other side of the door. Megumi ducked down next to her and asked, “What’s got you so fascinated?” She could faintly hear two male voices coming from the room, but she couldn’t hear what they were saying. Her curiosity peaked, Megumi placed her ear against the door and listened.

“I don’t know about this senpai, I think the hole is too small,” said a boy who sounded a lot like Kaito.

“Don’t worry, I’ll stick it in gently,” replied the other boy who sounded a lot like Kazuma. Silence quickly followed.

“Oh no, it’s going to get stuck!” cried Kaito. “I told you the hole wasn’t big enough. You need to pull it out now.”

“I can’t,” grunted Kazuma. “It won’t come out. Try and stay perfectly still while I pull it out.”

“Oww, it hurts,” whined Kaito. “Oh god, I think I’m bleeding.”

“Just try to hang in there,” cried Kazuma, “I think it’s almost out.”

“AHHHH!”

Unable to take anymore, Megumi jumped to her feet and threw open the door. Both she and Yui stared in shock at the two boys. Kaito was bent over one of the desks with Kazuma right behind him. “JUST WHAT THE HELL DO YOU GUYS THINK YOU’RE DOING?” shrieked Megumi. Both boys spun around. It was then that Megumi noticed that both Kaito and Kazuma had portions of their hands stuck in a large can of potato chips.

“I was reaching for the last chip in the can when my fingers got stuck,” whimpered Kaito who was now kneeling down on the floor like a child being scolded.

“And I got my hand stuck when I tried to pull his fingers out of the can,” added Kazuma who was also now kneeling on the floor.

Megumi stared at the two boys in disbelief. “You two are idiots,” she scolded. “Even little kids know that you’re supposed to shake the last chip out of the can.”

“Sorry,” replied the two boys in unison.

“Hold on a second and I’ll get you two out of there,” said Megumi as she reached into her school bag and pulled out a small bottle of lotion. She then walked over to them and poured a little on their hands and inside the can. “Now pull,” she ordered. The boys did as she said and sure enough, their hands slipped right out. “Thank god that this was all just a big misunderstanding and not something else.”

“Misunderstanding?” asked a confused Kazuma as he stood up.

“Wait a second,” seconded Kaito as he also got to his feet, “what did you think we were doing?”

Megumi blushed in embarrassment. “Please don’t make me say it.”

“Come on Megumi, just tell us,” demanded Kaito.

“Yeah, I think we deserve to know,” chimed Kazuma.

“She thought that nii-san had finally given into his animalistic lust,” interjected Yui as she wiped the tiny trickle of blood coming out her nose. The two boys stared at her in confusion while Megumi hid her face in her hands out of embarrassment. Yui stared at her brother. “It’s a perfectly logical conclusion given the conversation that we heard and the position that we found you in. I mean it looked like you had Kai bent over the table and were giving it to him hard.”

“It’s not like that!” screamed Kazuma, finally understanding what his sister meant.

“Kazuma is the last person that I would want to do something like that with,” added Kaito. He suddenly felt that someone was glaring at him. Turning his head, he saw it was Megumi.

“So are you saying that you’d be perfectly fine with any other guy doing that to you,” asked a disgusted Megumi. The room went silent. Kaito looked around and saw that both Kazuma and Yui were now staring at him.

“You know damn well that is not what I meant,” said Kaito rubbing his bleeding hand.

“Hey Kai, let me see your hand for a second,” said Yui. Kaito did as he was told. He watched as Yui removed a handkerchief from her skirt pocket and wrapped it around his hand. “That should do it,” she declared as she tightened part of the cloth into a knot.

“Thanks, Yui-senpai,” he replied as he looked down at the cloth. “I’ll be sure to wash it before I return it.”

“You can keep it,” responded Yui, her cheeks slightly red. “I have plenty more at home.”

“Anyway,” said Kazuma, “Kai and I better get back to the tutoring session. Unless you two have something more to say, I would kindly ask that you leave so as not to distract Kai any further.”

“Actually, there is something that I wanted to say,” answered Yui. She then began fidgeting, her face now beet red. “Hey Kai, are you free tomorrow?”

“I was going to go to track practice, but it got cancelled for the rest of the week due to an incident that happened on Wednesday,” he lied. The truth was that because of the asthma attack two days earlier, his doctor had forbidden him from participating in track practice for a week. While he felt bad for lying, Kaito didn’t want to worry anyone, especially Megumi since she was the only one in their circle of friends who knew about his condition. “I guess I’m free tomorrow. Why do you ask?”

“It’s just that I have two tickets for that sci-fi/horror film about zombie aliens and I was wondering if you would care to join me.”

“You actually got tickets?” shouted an excited Kaito as he tightly grabbed Yui’s shoulders and began shaking her. “That show’s been sold out for the last three weeks. How did you get them?”

“I won them in a lottery at the local market,” replied a now slightly dizzy Yui. “Now could you stop shaking me before I throw up?” Kaito quickly let go of her and took a couple steps back. It took Yui a few seconds to regain her composure. “So, it that a yes?”

“Hell yeah,” screamed Kaito.

“That’s great,” replied Yui.

“No that’s not great,” said Kazuma. His response shocked the other three. “I have nothing personally against Kai, but you’re crazy if you think that I’m going to let you go out on a date with a guy like him.”

“That’s harsh man,” complained Kaito, not sure whether to feel insulted or not.

“It’s not a date,” denied Yui. “Besides what should it matter to you who I choose to date.”

“It matters because I’m your older brother,” snapped Kazuma. “Mom and dad put me in charge before they left for their business assignment overseas. Thus, what I say goes. You’re not going with him and that’s final. If you need someone to go with you, then I’ll go.” The room was silent for a moment. Suddenly the sound of sniffling filled the air. It was Yui who was now fighting back tears of embarrassment and anger.

“BAKA!” she screamed before turning around and bolting out the door. “I HATE YOU NII-CHAN!”

“Wow,” said Megumi as she watched Yui run out the door. As she turned her attention back to Kazuma, she saw that he was now on his hands and knees, an aura of depression emanating from his body.

“She hates me?” repeated Kazuma over and over again.

“Well, I think that’s pretty much it for this tutoring session,” declared Kaito as he stuffed his study materials in his bag and threw it over his shoulder. “I’ve got a bunch of things I need to take care of so I’m going home.” And with that, he left the classroom. Of course, what he had said was a lie. The true reason that Kaito wanted to get out of there was that he was still reeling from Megumi ordering him to stay away from her. Just being near her was enough to nearly drive him to tears.

###

Kaito was almost at the front gates of the school when he heard a voice call out, “Hey Kaito, wait up!” He turned around and was shocked to see Megumi quickly hobbling towards him.

“I thought you wanted me to stay away from you,” he said coldly. Kaito’s words stopped Megumi dead in her tracks. “What do you want?”

“I just wanted to know whether you’re really going through with the date tomorrow.”

“Why do you want to know?”

“No reason,” replied Megumi as she gazed at her feet.

“First off, it’s not a date. Secondly, even if it were a date, it’s really none of your business,” shouted Kaito.

“Why are you acting so cold?” asked Megumi, her body starting to tremble a little.

“I’m the one who’s acting cold?” snapped Kaito shaking his head. “I’m not the cold one here. It’s you. Ever since I confessed my love for you, all you’ve done is avoid me or tell me to leave you alone. Do you have any idea how horrible it feels to have the person you love most do something like that to you?”

“I’m sorry,” she whimpered.

“You’re sorry?” echoed an angry Kaito. He then turned his back to her. “Do whatever you want, but I’m done playing these games with you.” He then began walking away.

“Quit treating me like I’m the only one fault here,” yelled Megumi. “You’re just as much at fault for our friendship falling apart as I am. All I wanted was for things to stay more or less the same between us. Why did you have to go and change everything by telling me that you love me?”

Those last few words were enough to push Kaito over the edge. He spun around, his eyes closed and his face red with anger. “GO FUCK YOURSELF!!!” he yelled at the top of his lungs. As he opened his eyes, he saw Megumi was still standing in front of him, a cascade of tears streaming down her cheeks. It was too much for Kaito to bare. He turned around and began walking away. “Have a nice life.”

Megumi watched as he disappeared from view. “KAITO YOU JERK!!!” she screamed as she fell to her knees and began sobbing hysterically.

“Megumi, what’s wrong?” asked a voice behind her. It was Kazuma, who was now kneeling down next to her. “Why are you crying?”

Megumi flung her arms around Kazuma and began crying into his shoulder. All she could do was repeat the word “Kaito” over and over again.

“Don’t worry,” whispered Kazuma, “I can make you forget all about him. All you have to do is say the word.” But Megumi did not hear him. Instead she just kept repeating Kaito’s name over and over again as she cried into Kazuma’s shoulder.

###

Kazuma was sitting at a table in the mall’s food court. As he drank from an iced coffee, he checked his phone. No new messages. Yui had sent him a text the previous night to meet at the mall’s food court at 11:00 a.m. It was now 12:30 p.m. “Damn it,” he said as he stuffed his phone back into his pocket, “I can’t believe she stood me up.” As he considered leaving, he did not sense someone walk up beside him.

“Excuse me, but do you mind if I sit here with you? All the other tables are full.” The girl’s voice startled Kaito to the point that he accidentally tipped backwards and fell out of his chair. “Are you all right?” asked the girl as she bent over and offered him a hand. Kaito nodded his head, too embarrassed to say anything. It wasn’t until the girl helped him up that he got a good look at her. She stood at about 5’11”, just slightly smaller than him and appeared to be about the same age if not a little older. Judging by her blond hair and blue eyes, Kaito guessed that she had to be either a foreigner or possibly half-Japanese. Almost as if she had read his thoughts, she said, “My mother is American and my father is Japanese.”

“Did I say what I was thinking out loud?” asked Kaito.

“No, it’s just that you looked like you wanted to ask that,” said the girl. “By the way, my name is Sakura Yoshida, but you can call me Sakura. What’s yours?”

“Matsuda. Kaito Matsuda, but my friends and classmates call me Kai.”

Sakura looked at him and asked sort of bashfully, “Is it okay if I call you Kai-chan?” Kaito nodded. She then turned her attention to the empty chair sitting across from him. “Do you mind if I sit with you?”

“Not at all,” replied Kaito, “please sit down.” Kaito watched as the girl took the empty seat across from him. There was something that seemed familiar about this girl as though he had met her before, but he just couldn’t put his finger on it. He continued to stare at her as he racked his brain for some clue as to why he thought he knew her.

“If you keep staring at me like that you’ll make me pregnant,” muttered a blushing Sakura as she squirmed a bit in her chair. Her words quickly brought Kaito back to his senses.

“I’m sorry, I didn’t mean to stare.” Kaito began looking around the room as he thought about telling her the truth of why he was staring. As he did so, he couldn’t help but notice that there were a couple of empty tables. Not thinking much of it at first, he turned his attention back to the matter at hand. “It’s just that you look really familiar. Have we met before?” As Kaito said that, he thought he saw a scowl flash across her face for a brief second before being replaced by a polite smile.

“Anything’s possible,” she replied before taking a sip of her drink. As Kaito tried not to stare at her, his attention was once again drawn to the couple of empty tables. It didn’t take long for Sakura to notice where Kaito’s eyes were wandering. Before Kaito could say anything, Sakura decided to come clean. “I’m sorry for lying about there not being an empty table. It’s just that I saw you sitting all alone looking like something was bothering you. You don’t have to tell me anything if you don’t want too, but if you do, I’ve been told that I’m a good listener.”

“Actually, there has been something on my mind,” replied Kaito. Before he knew what was happening, he was spilling his guts about his relationship with Megumi while conveniently leaving out the pee episodes. As he finished up, he noticed that Sakura was leaning forward, all her attention fixed on him. “I’m sorry if things got a little long winded there. It’s just that when I’m talking to you, I feel like I can tell you anything. I hope you don’t think I’m weird.”

Sakura began chuckling. “People are always telling me how easy it is to talk to me and say things they can’t say to others, so I’m quite used to it. As for whether or not I think your weird, I don’t think your weird at all. Rather, I see a young man who would do anything for the girl he loves. I think it’s sweet and honestly I’m a little jealous. It’s so hard these days to find a man that wants something other than sex.” Kaito looked down, his face a bit red, but Sakura continued talking. “However, I feel like I should give you some advice. While it’s sweet that you are willing to step back and support a relationship between Megumi and this Kazuma guy, I think that you’re doing it much too soon. If she is telling you to stay away until she figures things out, then that means that she is grappling with her feelings for you as well. That being the case, so long as those two are not an official couple, you still have a shot.”

“Do you really think so?”

“I know so.”

“What do you think I should do?”

“As the childhood friend, you have a big disadvantage. You are in what the Americans call the friend zone.”

“Friend zone?”

“It’s when two people have been friends for such a long time that any potential for a romantic relationship occurring between them is virtually zero. To put it bluntly, you two have been friends for so long that she does not see you as a man.”

Kaito looked down at his feet. “She doesn’t see me as a man?” The words stung worse than any slap to the face or kick to the groin that he received from Megumi. Returning his gaze to Sakura, he desperately pleaded, “Surely you must know of way out of this friend zone. Please tell me. I’ll do anything.”

“Anything huh?” repeated Sakura as she began to think. “There is one thing, but it is not without great risk.”

“Whatever it is, I’ll do it.”

“If you are really serious about this, then I will tell you. You must do something that makes her see you as a man.”

“And how exactly do I do that?”

“By doing this,” said Sakura as she reached over the table and grabbed the collar of Kaito’s shirt. Before he knew what was happening, Sakura leaned forward while pulling Kaito towards her. Suddenly Kaito could feel Sakura’s tongue in his mouth as their lip collided. It only lasted for a few seconds, but it felt more like a minute. “Tongue is optional,” she stated after parting her lips from his.

“That was my first kiss,” stuttered Kaito as he slumped back in his chair. As he looked at the girl who just violated his mouth with her tongue, he couldn’t figure out whether to be happy or angry.

“Relax,” replied Sakura as she fished something out of her skirt pocket. “You can have this as compensation.” Sakura then grabbed Kaito’s hand and placed something inside of it before closing it again. “I should probably get going now,” she said as she stood up and walked behind him. She then leaned down and whispered into his ear, “By the way, that was my first kiss too.”

“What did you say?” asked Kaito as he turned around. But she was already gone. Kaito returned his attention to his closed hand. As he opened it, he was shocked to see a wrapped caramel sitting in the palm of his hand. “Could she be…” but before he had time to finish his thought, he heard a girl yelling behind him. Without thinking, he shoved the treat into the pocket of his jeans.

“Kai, I’m so sorry I’m late,” cried Yui as she reached the table and plopped down in the spot where Sakura had been sitting just moments earlier. “My idiot brother took my phone so I had no way of contacting you. On the bright side I was able to delete the text that would have told him where we were meeting up.” Kaito remained silent, his mind still focused on the strange girl he had just meant. “Look I get your mad,” said Yui, “but you don’t have to give me the silent treatment.” Her words brought Kaito back to reality.

“Of course I’m mad,” fumed Kaito. He pulled out his phone and looked at the time. It was now a little past 1:00 p.m. “I’ve been sitting here for almost two hours waiting for you. Honestly, I was worried that that something bad may have happened to you. I’m just glad that you’re safe.”

“You were worried about me?” blushed Yui. At that moment she couldn’t tell whether her heart was racing from the amount of running she had to do to get there, or if it was Kaito’s words. Yui slapped her cheeks in an effort to calm down. “At least the movie doesn’t start for another thirty minutes. I had originally planned for us to get lunch and maybe browse around the shops, but I guess that’s not happening.” Yui slammed her fist on the table, “Damn the public train system for making me late.”

Kaito placed his hand over hers, “It’s alright. Let’s just get to the movie before anything else happens.”

“Ok,” muttered Yui. Now she knew that it was Kaito who was making her heart race.

As the two left for the movie theater which was on the fifth floor of the six story mall, neither of them noticed that a girl wearing a white t-shirt and a pair of jeans was following them. The girl was attempting to hide her appearance using a baseball cap and a cheap pair of sunglasses. For the time being, her disguise was working.

###

It was almost showtime by the time Yui and Kaito found their seats. As Kaito sat down, he happened to spy Yui rifling through her large shoulder bag and pulling out a towel. Kaito couldn’t help but stare in confusion as he watched her place it on her seat before sitting down. “What’s with the towel?” he asked.

“It’s nothing really. I just don’t like the idea of possibly sitting in something sticky,” replied Yui, hoping that Kaito would buy her lie.

“I guess these chairs can get sticky sometimes,” replied Kaito. Suddenly the room went black as the screen in front of them came to life. “It’s starting,” said Kaito excitedly.

“Great,” muttered Yui sarcastically. In truth, she hated scary movies. The only reason she was here was so that she could get closer to Kaito. As the opening scene of the movie began to play, Yui thought to herself that no matter how scary the movie was, she could not let Kaito know that she was scared.

For a while everything was going fine, but then it happened. Yui watched as a crew member of an exploration vessel was walking aboard a seemingly abandoned ship for parts to repair his ship. The man shined a flashlight as he entered a dark room. What he saw horrified him. Blood was spattered all over the walls and body parts were strewn across the room.

As the man took a step back, he felt something drip onto his head. Placing his fingers on his head, he wiped the liquid off and looked down at it. It was blood. The man raised his flashlight and slowly looked towards the ceiling. The last thing the poor man saw was a decaying creature with four arms, a spear-like tail, and a mouth filled with razor sharp teeth drop down on top of him. The theater was suddenly filled with the man’s bloodcurdling screams as he was torn open and his insides ripped out bit by bloody bit. His screams only stopped when the creature opened its mouth, which took up almost it’s entire face and chomped down on the man’s head.

Yui began quivering in sheer terror. As she shook, she felt something warm and wet seep into her underwear. However, she was too terrified to care. Before she could stop herself, she buried her face into Kaito’s shoulder. Suddenly she felt his warm breath in her ear. “If you’re too scared we can leave.”

Yui pulled away from his shoulder and violently shook her head. “That wouldn’t be fair to you. I’ll be fine if I just close my eyes.”

“Are you sure?” he asked, his voice full of concern. Yui nodded, her eyes tightly closed. A few seconds passed by before she felt something wrap around her shoulder. She then found herself being pulled to her left. As she opened her eyes, she saw that Kaito had wrapped his arm around her right shoulder and pulled her in closer to his body. She turned her attention to Kaito’s face. The light from the screen illuminated his kind smile. “When things get scary sometimes it helps to feel the touch of another human being.” Kaito watched as Yui’s cheeks turned red. It was then that he realized how embarrassing it must have been for her. “Sorry, I didn’t mean to embarrass you,” he whispered as he began to pull his arm back.

Yui quickly grabbed hold of Kaito’s arm and put it back on her shoulder. “I feel better when we’re like this. Can we stay like this for a while longer?” Kaito nodded his head. “That’s good,” smiled Yui as she leaned in closer and rested her head on Kaito’s chest. She could hear the beating of his heart. Kaito’s heart sounded like it was racing although she couldn’t tell if it was because of the movie or because of her. The beating of his heart was in a way reassuring. Yui soon fell asleep.

Neither Yui nor Katio were aware that two rows behind them was their female stalker. The stalker watched with jealous rage as Kaito threw his arm around Yui and pulled her in. From the stalker’s perspective, the two teenagers were definitely on a date.

###

“Yui-senpai, wake up,” called a gentle voice, “the movie’s over.” Yui opened her eyes and began to stretch her arms. She felt something wet on her face. It wasn’t until she wiped her mouth that she realized that she had been drooling. Turning towards Kaito, Yui was horrified to see that she had drooled a little on his shirt.

“I’m so sorry,” cried Yui as she bowed her head. “You must be disgusted.”

“Not really,” shrugged Kaito. “This is nothing compared to being covered in someone else’s pee.” He immediately covered his mouth with his hands, terrified that Yui had heard his little slip of the tongue.

Kaito’s fears were confirmed when Yui asked, “When were you peed on?”

“It happened years ago when I was helping Megumi babysit her little sister Kotori. I was helping change her diaper when I got sprayed,” lied Kaito. Ironically, an incident like that did occur, except he had completely forgotten about it. Kaito’s face turned red as Yui began laughing. “That’s not funny!”

“It kind of is” laughed Yui as she stood up.

“Don’t forget your towel,” said Kaito as he grabbed it from the seat. “It’s kind of wet though.”

“It’s just sweat!” cried Yui as she yanked the towel out of Kaito’s hand and threw it in her bag. Turning back towards Kaito, she saw an extremely confused look on his face. “The truth is that I tend to sweat a bit when I sit in chairs like this so I use the towel to avoid staining the seats.” There was no way she could tell him that the reason for bringing a towel was that she knew she might wet herself during a scary scene. However, she was grateful that it had only been a little bit and that she was mostly dry now. “I’m feeling a little hungry. There’s a little café on the sixth floor that is supposed to be pretty good. Do you want to check it out?”

“Sounds good to me,” answered Kaito. And so the two left, both unaware of the stalker following behind them. However, the stalker lost sight of them minutes later as they disappeared into the crowds.

###

Kaito and Yui hopped in the elevator and pushed the button for the sixth floor. The doors closed and the elevator roared to life seconds later. The elevator went up for a couple seconds before it violently stopped, causing both Kaito and Yui to fall to the floor. The small room was enveloped in darkness for a split second before coming back on. “What’s going on?” asked a nervous Yui. Kaito got up and walked over to the control panel. He began pushing buttons, but the elevator wouldn’t move.

Pressing the emergency call button, Kaito said, “Can anybody hear me? There are two people trapped in an elevator between the fifth and sixth floors.” There was no answer. He tried again only to meet the same result. Kaito turned to Yui, “It looks like we’ll be stuck here for a while.” He then walked over to the corner of the elevator and sat down. Yui followed his lead and sat next to him.

An hour passed and still there was no rescue. Yui had been squirming for the past half hour. She had drunk a 32 oz soda right before the movie started and had forgotten to use the bathroom before boarding the elevator. Suddenly she heard a slurping sound. As she turned towards Kaito, she saw that he was drinking from his unfinished soda that he had bought at the theater. “Do you mind?” Yui said angrily as she tried to hold back the flood that was building in her bladder.

Kaito stopped for a moment. “I’m sorry, did you want some?”

“Are you blind?” shouted Yui, now holding her hands to her crotch. “Haven’t you noticed anything change in the past half hour.”

Kaito paused for a moment, “Now that you mention it, it is getting a little stuffy in here.” Yui watched in frustration as Kaito removed his shirt, revealing his classic white under-shirt beneath it.

“I HAVE TO PEE GOD DAMN IT!!!” she screamed. Had she not been too afraid of wetting herself to move, she would have slapped him then and there.

“Then why didn’t you just say so?” whined Kaito who was now cowering in the corner. Suddenly an idea popped into his head. He grabbed his cup and polished off the last of its contents. Removing the plastic lid, he handed it to her. “You can use this. I’ll just turn around.”

“YOU IDIOT!” screamed Yui as she chucked the plastic cup at Kaito’s head. “I can’t do that. It’s indecent.”

“So is wetting your pants,” replied Kaito. His response was met with a punch to the face. “Alright, alright, I’ll come up with another idea.” He began scanning the tight space. As he looked at the ceiling, he saw a panel that when pushed up was large enough for a person to squeeze through. “I’ve got it. I’ll hoist you up on my shoulders so that you can open the panel and crawl to the top. I’m sure that we’ve got to be close enough to the sixth floor that we can call for help from on top of the elevator.”

“Not going to happen.”

“Why not?”

“Because if I get on your shoulders, you’ll be able to see up my skirt,” replied Yui, her face red with embarrassment.

“I promise I won’t look,” said Kaito as moved closer to her. “Just have a little faith in me.”

Looking into Kaito’s eyes, she knew that she could trust him. “Fine. But let’s make this quick.” With that, Yui hoisted herself onto Kaito’s shoulders. As Kaito stood up, Yui almost lost her balance but was able to steady herself by grabbing hold of the wall.

“Hey Yui-senpai, you didn’t happen to wet yourself already, did you?” Kaito’s question startled Yui. It was then that she remembered that she had leaked a little during the movie and only now realized it had still not fully dried.

“IT’S SWEAT!” she screamed with embarrassment. Her sudden outburst startled Kaito to the point that he nearly lost his balance. As the two swayed back and forth, Yui could feel the contents of her bladder sloshing around. “Stop moving or I’m going to wet myself,” she cried as she fought to keep control of her bladder. It took a few more seconds before Kaito was able to regain control.

“Do you think you can reach the panel?”

“I think so,” she answered as she reached for the panel. Just as she the tips of her fingers touched the panel, the elevator gave a sudden jolt. Yui lost her balance and crashed to the floor, taking Kaito with her.

“Owww,” moaned Kaito as he opened his eyes. It was dark and the back of his head felt a little wet. As he turned onto his stomach, his face collided with something that was soft, slightly wet, and sort of squishy. It smelled a little funny too. Suddenly a moan rang out. It was Yui, but it was too dark to see anything. He tried to move, but he felt something close tight around his head, pinning his face to whatever was in front of him. He could also feel something pinning one of his hands to floor. “Yui, where are you?” he called, his voice slightly muffled. Another moan rang out. As his eyes adjusted to the dark, he began to realize just what he was pressed up against

“Kai can you please get your head out of my skirt?” stuttered Yui.

“I can’t. Your legs are wrapped around my head.” Each word that Kaito spoke seemed to vibrate against Yui’s crotch. The feeling of his warm breath between her thighs became too much to take.

“It’s happening,” she screamed as the first couple drops came out. The drops soon turned into a small trickle. Kaito could feel the front of Yui’s underwear begin to dampen. It was starting to smell. Realizing that what was coming out of Yui was only hint of the flood to come, Kaito began struggling. As he did so, he could feel her legs tightening. “Kaito, please stop,” she begged, “you’re just making it worse.” But Kaito didn’t care. He knew that if he didn’t get out of there and fast, he was going to drown. With his free hand, Kaito reached underneath Yui’s skirt. Using all the force he could muster, he pushed his hand down on her crotch. The moment he did, he felt Yui’s legs loosen around his head. Kaito took advantage of this and quickly squeezed his head out.

As his eyes adjusted to the lights of the room, Kaito turned toward Yui. Tears were running down her cheeks. Looking down, Kaito saw why. The moment Kaito pushed against Yui’s crotch, he had unwittingly punctured a whole in an already leaky dam. The result was an eruption of golden water. He backed away as a yellow puddle began to form on the tile floor beneath Yui. The back and sides of her skirt were now soaked. Only a small portion of the front of her skirt had been spared because it had been upturned when Kaito had broken free from Yui’s legs. As he stared, Kaito noticed something was off about what was underneath Yui’s skirt. The underwear she was wearing looked nothing like any panties he had ever seen before. Without thinking about it, he blurted out, “Adult diaper?” It was enough to make Yui go into hysterics.

Minutes seemed to pass by before Yui’s bladder completely emptied. By the time she was done, the puddle had become a lake. In a twist of cruel fate, the elevator sprung back to life and began making its way to the sixth floor. The moment the doors opened, Yui grabbed her bag and hauled out of the elevator. Kaito ran after her, but quickly lost her when she ran around a corner. He stopped for a moment to catch his breath. That was when he realized that something was off. None of the shops were open and nobody was walking around. It was as if the sixth floor had become a ghost town. “This is way too weird. I better find Yui and fast,” he said to himself as he licked his lips. His lips had a strange taste. It took him a few seconds to remember where his face had been just moments earlier. Realizing that his face probably smelled like piss, he went off in search for a bathroom, completely unaware that his movements were being watched.

###

Several minutes later, Kaito had finally found a restroom. As he washed his face at the bathroom sink, he thought about how strange it was that he hadn’t seen anyone else around. It was almost like being in a horror movie. Wiping his face with a paper towel, he said to himself, “I hope Yui’s okay.” Just as he said that, he heard movement in one of the stalls behind him. “Who’s there?” he yelled as he jumped back in fright.

“Kaito?” called a female voice. “Why are you in the ladies’ room?” It was Yui.

Kaito looked around. He was sure that he had entered the men’s room. Turning his head to look at the urinals, a thought popped into his head. “Hey Yui, does the women’s room have urinals too?” While he sort of knew the answer, he still wanted to check to be sure.

“Of course not. Women don’t pee standing up so there is no need for such things.” The room went quite for a moment. “Kaito, be honest with me. I’m in the men’s bathroom aren’t I.”

“Yeah.”

“DAMN IT!” she screamed. “Honestly, I don’t know what’s worse, the fact that I not only wet myself in front of you while exposing the adult diaper I was wearing, or the fact that I ran into the men’s bathroom.”

“I’d think the first thing is the worst,” replied Kaito doing his best to play it off with a joking tone. “Although, I am interested in why you were wearing an adult diaper in the first place.”

“I’m not going to tell you because you’ll laugh at me. Also, it’s extremely embarrassing.”

“I promise I won’t laugh,” said Kaito as he leaned against the stall door. “Besides, it can’t be any more embarrassing than my raw nipples secret.”

“Fine, I’ll tell you,” relented Yui. “Ever since I was a little girl I’ve suffered from a condition that causes me to leak whenever I get overly excited, scared, or embarrassed. When it does happen, it’s usually a few drops or a small squirt or two. While I don’t wear them all the time, I decided to wear one today because I knew that I might pee a little if the movie was too scary. What I didn’t count on was a flash flood. Now I’m completely covered in piss. You must think I’m disgusting.”

“I don’t think that at all,” replied Kaito. “The way I see it, everybody has an embarrassing secret or two. And while watching you wet yourself was not the most pleasant thing I’ve seen, I still wouldn’t go so far as to call you disgusting. Accidents happen, all we can do is pick ourselves up and move forward.”

“Hey Kaito…”

“Yeah?”

“Megumi was right when she told me that you’re a really good friend.”

“I get that a lot,” said Kaito as his mind shifted to the friendzone concept. Trying to shake the thought from his mind, he asked, “So what are we going to do about your wet clothes?”

“I have an idea, but you’re not going to like it.”

“What is it?”

“I’m going to need you to go to one of the shops downstairs and buy me some pants or a skirt. I’ll probably need a pair of underwear too.”

“I can’t buy those things,” shouted a flustered Kaito, “people will think that I’m some sort of cross dressing pervert.”

“We don’t have a choice,” stated Yui firmly. “Now pass me your phone. I’m going to write a list of what I need.” Kaito did as he was told. “Now get going quickly.”

“Alright," whined Kaito as he exited the bathroom. Looking down at the list on his phone, he said to himself, “This sucks. How the hell am I supposed to by these things?”

“Hey you! Stop right there, this is a restricted area,” barked a female voice coming from behind him.

“I’m sorry, I didn’t know,” pleaded Kaito. “Please don’t call the cops.” As he slowly turned around, his eyes widened as he recognized that the girl standing before him was none other than Sakura Yoshida, the girl he had just met earlier in the day. “Wait a minute. Why the hell are you up here?”

“Let me answer that with another question. Do you know who owns this mall?”

“I believe it’s the Yoshida Group,” answered Kaito. A couple seconds passed before the lightbulb went off. “Wait a minute, you’re the heiress to the Yoshida Group who runs everything from malls and restaurants to hospitals and resorts!”

“Yep,” replied Sakura as she moved closer to him. “Now, I’m going to ask again. What are you doing in this restricted area? Depending on your answer, I might be willing to let you go without calling the cops.” And so, Kaito explained the situation from the elevator malfunctioning to Yui wetting herself. “I see,” said Sakura as she did her best to stifle her laughter.

“It’s not funny,” said Kaito. “By the way why is this area restricted?”

“The entire floor is set to undergo renovation over the next couple of weeks. Didn’t you read the signs posted by the elevator on the lower floors?” Kaito shook his head. “Well now you know. As for your friend, I think I can help remedy that situation. Follow me please.” Kaito did as he was told. They walked for what seemed like several minutes until they came to a clothing store. Kaito watched as Sakura took out a key, and unlocked the gates. She then entered the store and turned on the lights. “Lucky for you, my family owns this clothing outlet so I can take what I want for free. Now what size is your girlfriend?”

Kaito’s face turned red with embarrassment. “First off she is not my girlfriend. She is my senpai and my friend, nothing more.” He then handed her the phone with the list pulled up. Sakura took the phone and began shifting through the different clothes for something that might fit Yui.

“Well honestly that’s a bit of a relief,” said Sakura as she pulled a skirt from one of the racks.

“How so?”

“It’s just that you seem like a really good guy and you’re handsome to boot. Honestly it’s like most of the handsome guys with good personalities are either gay or taken.” She turned to Kaito and handed him the skirt. “Hold this while I look through the underwear.” Kaito did as he was told. As Sakura rifled through the rack, she jokingly asked, “You’re not gay, are you?”

“Of course not!” shouted Kaito. Sakura merely laughed. She then grabbed the stuff from him, went behind the counter to remove the tags, and put the clothes in a bag.

“You should probably get back to your friend now,” she smiled while handing him the bag

“Thank you,” he said as he made his way out of the store.

###

Several minutes later, Kaito was back in the bathroom. “Here,” he said as he lifted the bag up over the stall door. He then heard a small thank you and then the rustling of the bag. As he sat outside the stall, he felt a sudden urge to pee. Not thinking much about it, he walked over to one of the urinals and began to take a leak.

“Are you peeing?” asked Yui, her tone indicating that she was a little embarrassed.

“Yeah, but it’s not like it’s a big deal since you can’t really see anything from there.” There was no response back. He redirected his attention to what he was doing. A few seconds later, he heard footsteps next to him and a slight rustling of clothes. Suddenly a large stream smashed into the porcelain of the urinal next to him. Wondering who else could possibly be up on this floor, Kaito turned his head. His mouth dropped open as he realized the person standing next to him was Sakura.

Her panties were just above her knees. She had her knees bent and her hips leaning forward, her hands holding up her skirt. Kaito couldn’t help but stare at the golden jet erupting from between Sakura legs and staining the porcelain yellow as droplets ran down the backside. From the way Sakura was holding her skirt, Kaito couldn’t tell whether she was male or female. While Sakura seemed to have rather large breasts, Kaito knew that it was possible that they could be fake and that she could actually be a man. The possibility ate away at him to the point that he unconsciously began leaning towards her to get a better view. He only stopped when Sakura turned to look at him.

Sakura looked down at Kaito’s dick before looking him in the eyes and smiling. “You’re actually a lot bigger than I expected. Good for you,” she said. The comment caught Kaito off guard to the point that he jerked back, his stream hitting the floor for a few seconds before he managed to correct it. His stream lasted another fifteen more seconds. The moment he was done, he zipped up and quickly backed towards the stall that Yui was changing in. Sakura finished up seconds later. She pulled her skirt back down and turned towards him, her panties still around her knees. “What’s wrong?” she asked. “You’re shaking like a leaf.”

“I can’t believe that my first kiss was stolen by a man,” he muttered.

“I’m not a man,” said Sakura as she grabbed her skirt, “take a look for yourself.” Sure enough, she did not have a dick, although she had a rather large patch of blonde hair just above her crotch. Kaito immediately covered his nose to prevent blood from squirting all over the place. Once she was sure that Kaito had gotten a good look, Sakura pulled up her panties and pulled her skirt back down. “Satisfied?” she asked. Kaito was so dumbstruck by what had just happened that all he could do was nod his head.

Suddenly the stall door flung open. “What the hell’s going on?” screamed Yui. The moment she saw Sakura, her face lit up. “Sakura-senpai, what are you doing here?”

Sakura walked over to Yui, grabbed her cheeks and pulled. “How many times do I have to tell you to call me onee-chan?”

“Sowwy,” replied Yui, Sakura still pulling her cheeks. The moment Sakura let go, Yui turned to see a very confused look on Kaito’s face. “I’ve known Sakura since we were little kids. I always thought of her as my older sister.”

“Older sister?” repeated Kaito.

“Yeah, she’s two years older than us. Actually, she attends the same university as nii-san does, which also makes her our senpai. How do you know her?”

“She’s the one who helped me pick out the clothes your wearing,” said Kaito. He then turned his attention to Sakura. “By the way, how much do I owe you for the clothes.”

“Nothing,” answered Sakura, “I make it a habit not to take money from friends I do favors for.” She then pressed herself up against Kaito, “But if you are serious about paying me back, you can do it with your body.” She then reached around Kaito’s backside and gave his ass a firm playful squeeze.

“Don’t do that! I thought you were more refined than this,” stuttered Kaito, doing his best to keep his body under control. “What happened to the girl I met at the food court earlier.”

“Oh come on, I was only joking with you. You are just so fun to tease. As for the girl you met in the food court, that was just an act I put on. This is my real personality.” She the leaned forward and whispered into his ear, “By the way, I’m going to make you take responsibility for making me reveal what’s beneath my skirt.”

“That’s a good one,” he laughed meekly.

“I’m dead serious,” she whispered back. “And by the way I’d be careful on your way home. I saw some crazy person stalking you two earlier in the day.” Before Kaito could ask anything more, Sakura turned away from them. “Well, I have somethings to take care of so I’m going to get going. This was fun. I hope we can all see each other again sometime.” She gave Kaito a small wink and left.

“She certainly is quite the character,” said Kaito.

“She’s not a bad person,” added Yui. She then turned to Kaito, a serious look on her face. “But you shouldn’t get to close to her.”

“Why?”

“Just trust what I’m telling you and leave it at that. I think I want to go home. Can you walk me to the train station?”

“If that’s what you want Yui-senpai.”

“Please just call me Yui.”

“Alright Yui.” And off they went

###

The sun was just beginning to set by the time they made it to the train station. Kaito had decided to wait with Yui until her train arrived. As they sat on a bench and watched a train go by, Yui asked, “Do you regret hanging out with me today?”

“Not at all. Although there are somethings that I would like to avoid in the future.”

“Me too,” agreed Yui as she began fidgeting with her hands. “I bet that it looked like we were on a date.”

“A date, huh?” thought Kaito. “I don’t think so. I’d like to think that a guy and a girl can hang out together without it being considered a date.”

“I see,” sighed Yui. Suddenly the commuter train’s horn sounded off in the distance. From the sound of it, the train would be there in less than a minute. Yui got up and silently walked over to the platform. She was doing her best not to cry in front of Kaito. Just then she felt something tug on the back of her arm. It was Kaito.

“Yui, is everything alright? You seem kind of down.”

“It’s nothing.”

“Anyway, you walked away from me before I had a chance to say what I wanted to say. What I wanted to tell you is that I had a fun time with you today and that I wouldn’t mind going to see a movie with you again sometime. Although next time we should choose something that you don’t find scary.” Yui’s face lit up as she heard his words. Right as she was about to say something, she heard the horn blare again, this time much closer than before. “It looks like your train is going to be here any second,” said Kaito as his attention shifted towards the train that was just getting ready to round the corner.

“Kai,” whispered Yui as she got on her tiptoes. Kaito turned his attention back to Yui. Just as he did, Yui’s lips made contact with his. She pulled away a couple seconds later. “I like you Kai.”

Kaito’s face turned serious as he gently grabbed her shoulders. “I’m sorry Yui, I…” Yui stopped him by putting her finger to his lips.

“You don’t have to answer me right now. I’m prepared to wait for you as long as it takes.” Just then the train arrived. Kaito watched as Yui boarded the train. Seconds later the train was gone.

“She likes me,” said Kaito to himself as he touched his lips. It was then that Kaito sensed that someone was watching him. He quickly spun around. Standing behind him was a girl with a baseball cap and cheap sunglasses staring him. Her mouth was open in disbelief. Kaito watched in shock as a single tear drop fell from the girl’s eye. Before he had time to say anything, the girl took off running. “Hey, wait,” shouted Kaito as he pursued her.

###

Kaito caught up with the girl moments later at a nearby park. She was running towards the portion of the park that was densely packed with trees. If she had been faster, she would have gotten away. “Stop!” yelled Kaito as he finally grabbed her arm and pinned her against a tree. “Who are you? Why have you been following me all day?” The woman didn’t answer. In anger, Kaito grabbed the baseball cap and threw it to the ground. He looked at the girl in disbelief. “Megumi?” Megumi took off her sunglasses but refused to look at him. “Tell me why were you following me.”

“I did it because I was worried that you might try to make a move on Yui in an attempt to make me jealous. She likes you, you know. I just didn’t want to see her get hurt.”

“That’s bullshit and you know it,” fumed Kaito. “You know damn well that I would never do something like that.”

“But you kissed her.”

“Correction, she kissed me. And if you had heard our conversation, you would know that I tried to turn her down gently. The only girl I want is you. You’re the one that I love.”

Megumi paused for a moment, Kaito’s declaration echoing in her head. “Quit saying things that you don’t mean. I saw you kiss another girl too while you were at the food court. You two seemed pretty friendly. Why not just go out with her?”

“Wait a minute. Are you jealous?”

“I am not!”

“You are too, it’s written all over your face.”

“Go to hell!” retorted Megumi as she tried to punch him in the face. But this time, Kaito caught it. “Let go of me!”

“No, not until you hear me out,” answered Kaito. “I’ve been more than patient with you, but I’m starting to get sick and tired of your little mind games. You can’t reject my feelings and then get mad at me if I choose to hang out with other girls. I’m sorry but you don’t get to have it both ways. Furthermore, I’m not that same weak little boy that you used to know. I’m a man and it’s time you start seeing me as one.” Kaito then grabbed Megumi’s face in his hands and pressed his lips against hers. She began to resist.

“Stop!” she cried angrily as she pushed him away. But Kaito grabbed her arms and planted another kiss on her. She resisted once more. “I told you to stop.”

“Not until my feelings get through to you.”

“Do it again and I swear I’ll scream.”

“Do it,” goaded Kaito. Megumi opened her mouth to scream and the moment she did, Kaito planted his mouth on hers. She could feel his tongue inside her mouth. Her chest was pounding and her legs were shaking. The kiss felt like it lasted an eternity, when really it was only a few seconds. As Kaito pulled away, he looked into her eyes and whispered, “I love you Megumi.” He then leaned in for a fourth kiss. This time Megumi did not resist, instead she let it happen. She could feel her tongue colliding with his in a dance of passion. Before she could stop herself, she wrapped her arms around Kaito. As they kissed, she found herself not wanting to stop. Part of her even wished that this moment could go on forever. But somethings are just not meant to be.

“Megumi?” cried a male voice to the side of them. Kaito and Megumi stopped what they were doing and looked in the direction the voice had come from. To their shock, Kazuma was standing just feet from them. His face was red and his fists were balled up in a jealous rage.

“Kaz-senpai I…” But before Megumi could finish her sentence, Kazuma walked up and decked Kaito in the chin.

“You son of a bitch!” shouted Kazuma as he jumped onto Kaito and began laying into him. “How dare you do that to Megumi after she told you to stop!”

“KAZ STOP IT!!!” yelled Megumi at the top of her lungs. Kazuma halted his punch. “Let him go. He’s had enough.” Megumi walked over to Kazuma. As she tried to put a hand on his shoulder, he slapped it away.

Kazuma stood up, his fists bruised and bloody. “Don’t touch me. I think I need to be alone right now.” And with that, he stormed off.

“Damn, he got me good,” said Kaito as he wiped the blood from his lip. He turned to Megumi who was now in shock. “Megumi are you all right?”

“JUST STAY AWAY FROM ME!!!” she screamed as she took off. Kaito was all alone. As he sat and began wiping the blood beginning to fall from his nose, he had to wonder if taking Sakura’s advice had been worth it. Only time would tell.

To be continued….
