Trivia Night Tragedy

Author: CptTickle

*000*2022-03-20 16:44

This is a new story I'm working on. It involved male wetting and embarrassment and a little female desperation. I'm thinking about adding more chapters after this one. I'm open to suggestions about where it may go. Maybe something with Abby having an accident next? Let me know your thoughts!

"Come on, it will be fun, plus if win, it's a $1,000 prize" Abby was begging her twin brother Adam to come join her team for a bar night trivia, after one of their friends dropped out. Adam was reluctant though, "I don't know, who else is going to this thing." Well, it's just me, Megan and Katie." Adam could take or leave Megan, she was fun to hang out with sometimes, but she tended to be just a little too sarcastic for his taste. But Katie, that could sway him to come out. "Katie will be there?" Adam asked excitededly. Abby knew her brother always had a little crush on Katie and smiled slightly "yep, she sure will... and she's single now too you know." Adam was excited now at the chance to cozy up to Katie , but still tried to play it cool "Yeah, I guess. If you guys need a fourth. How are you getting to the bar tonight?"

"How about you meet me back here at 7:00, we can take my car to Katie's apartment and meet the girl's there, then take the street car down? said Abby. Adam agreed, then went home to get ready for what suddenly became a very big night.

Adam meticulously rubbed product through his dark brown hair, pushing it to one side. Then put on a pair of slim-fit light blue jeans and a white button down shirt and rolled up the sleeves. It was simple, but complimented his body that he worked hard on. He wasn't a model by any means, but his youthful face and muscular 6'1 figure did grab plenty of girls attention. He took a big drink of water before he left his apartment, then drove his car to his sister's Abby's place.

Abby looked amazing herself. She had this mass of blonde, very curly hair that went halfway down her back. Her hair suited her, her feminine face, slim figure and piercing green eyes were in perfect contrast with her wild hair. Tonight she was dressed in a pair of skin-tight black jeans that made her very perky and round butt look amazing. She showed off a hint of her C-cup cleavage in a silky black low cut top. As soon as Adam walked in the door, his sister greeted him cheerfully "Hey, you ready to go." Yeah in a minute Adam replied "I actually just have to use the bathroom quick though."

"We actually are in a bit of a rush, and you know how Megan is with getting ready, she'll take forever, can you hold it until we get there?" Adam was feeling a bit of pressure in his bladder, but understood Abby's point and agreed. Abby playfully said "You sure you'll be ok, remember what happened in 6th grade." How could Adam forget, the most embarrassing moment of his life was in 6th grade when he peed his pants on the school bus. Thankfully his sister was the only one who ever found out, and kept his secret. Adam fired back at Abby "oh right, you're one to talk, I'm pretty sure you were still wetting the bed at 17." Abby got defensive "ok, you what, stopped wetting the bed a month before I did, I don't think either of us can talk shit in this category." Abby had a point.

Both twins wet the bed regularly until they were 17. And Adam didn't know it, but Abby had been struggling with small daytime leaks for the past year, and was rushing to the bathroom at least every two hours. Abby was actually wearing a panty liner right now inside her purple bikini cut panties. It was one of the reasons she choose black jeans, because it was less likely to show the liner. But after very carefully looking at her butt in the mirror, Abby determined there was no way anyone could tell, and felt confident in it.

When Adam and Abby got to Katie's apartment, Katie opened the door, and instantly gave Abby a hug. She had to reach up a bit to do it. Abby was 5'9 and wearing heels, and Katie was only 5'4. Katie looked incredible. She had this dark brown wavy, silky hair that flowed onto her shoulders, beautiful and massive light brown eyes and soft, somewhat pale porcelain skin. She was wearing a short black pleated skirt that flared out showing off her slender legs. She was also wearing this skin-tight long sleeve white top that show off a little of her D-cup breasts.

"How are are you guys doing, can I get you anything?" Abby asked warmly. Adam was feeling the pressure in his bladder, and if he were alone would definitely be doing a bit of a pee-pee dance, but given the circumstances kept his composure "actually could I use your bathroom real quick"? "Megan's still getting ready, you know how she is, can I get you guys a drink though?" Adam was a little annoyed that he had to deal with his aching bladder as he was trying to flirt with Katie, but thought he could manage.

Abby on the other hand was getting worried. She was feeling a strong pressure in her bladder. She didn't want to leak and use up her panty liner, especially not this early in the night. Abby got everyone a beer for the fridge and they sat down at some barstools next to the kitchen counter. Abby sat down and tighly crossed her slender legs and began to sip. Adam folded one leg over the other as well as he sat down. "So how's work going, are you busy down at the pharmacy?" Adam asked Katie. While she was only 26, Katie was the owner of a small private pharmacy. A bit of an odd profession for someone so young, but Katie always had a mind for business, and it definitely paid well.

"Good, yeah, we are crazt busy lately, I actually had to just hire another person to keep up with the load." Katie was making very direct eye contact with Adam the entire time, and giving him subtle hints she was into him. As Adam was talking to her about his work as an engineer, she was tucking her hair behind her ear, and gently brushing her fingers along her cleavage. Adam was definitely starting to feel his bladder now, he uncrossed and recrossed his legs while sitting, just to keep himself from fidgeting too much in front of Katie. Abby, was struggling more. She had been quiet this whole time, with her legs twisted around each other tight, as she rocked her hips back and forth. "You doing ok there Abs?" Katie asked Abby. Abby didn't realize she made it that obvious she had to pee. But she was very close friends with Katie for years, and her twin brother and her were basically inseparable, so she didn't mind saying "I actually really need to pee, hopefully Megan is done soon."

Just then, Megan came out of the bathroom. Her long straight blonde hair flowing past her shoulders. She was wearing light blue mom jeans, but still tight in butt, showing off her ample curves. She paired it with a green crop top, showing off her toned abs. Abby sprinted up from her stool as soon as she saw Megan "you look amazing! gotta pee though" as she rushed past them. As she did, Abby felt the tiniest drop off pee release, hitting her panty liner. Abby tensed up her thigh muscles and rushed into the bathroom, ripped open her jeans and pulled them down as fast as she could before flinging her cute butt on the the toilet seat.

She exhaled as she released an absolute torrent of pee into the bowl. Once finished she inspected her panty liner, it was definitely a bit damp. She hated that she had to wear these things, but it was better than going in her pants. Abby took a fresh liner out of her purse, slipped it into her panties, and flushed the old one down the toilet. When she pulled up her jeans she took a very close look at her butt in the mirror, just triple checking that no one could see any awkward lines with her panty liner. She was still a little on edge about the whole thing seeing how tight her black jeans were, but determined there was nothing to see.

When Abby stepped back out into the living room she was greeted warmly by Megan. "Oh my gosh, you seriously look hot tonight." said Megan as she gave abby a pinch on the butt "I mean, damn girl." Abby was more than a little uncomfortable with the butt pinch, worried that she would feel her panty liner, but Megan didn't seem to notice. Abby muttered out a chuckle "ok, how much have you had to drink already Megan?" Megan snapped back "oh come on, don't be such a prude, I just had one drink. You seriously look amazing though." Megan than put her arm around both Abby and Katie "Hey Adam, which of us three is the hottest."

Katie gave Megan a sharp look, a little annoyed that she was making her flirting with Adam more uncomfortable. Abby saved Adam some face though, replying "umm, did you seriously just ask my twin brother if he thinks that his sister is hot." Megan bit her lip and giggled, "good point.... are we ready to win this trivia night thing or what?" Adam interjected "actually I need to run to the bathroom before we go." Katie, didn't really understand just how bad Adam needed to go and carelessly blurt out "we're actually a bit late because of MEGAN over here" and we can't miss the start of the contest or we'll be out, you can go when we get there. Adam didn't want to embarrass himself in front of Katie. Despite feeling a good amount of pressure in his groin and fighting the urge to dance, he made the decision to just hold it for now, and pee as soon as he got to the bar.

They all walked down to the streetcar, which would take them to the bar where trivia night was. It was standing room only on the street car, Adam and Katie both were hanging onto the same metal pole, while Megan and Abby were on the pole right next to them. Adam didn't even realize it, but he was swaying his hips side to side, trying to ease the pressure building up in his bladder. Despite going just 15 minutes ago, Abby felt her bladder start to build up too. She crossed her legs in front of her as well, relieving just a bit of pressure on her bladder. Abby spoke up "ok, don't make fun of me guys, but I seriously need to pee again." Katie joked to her, "I don't know how you live your life with how often you have to pee." Megan joined in "seriously, do you routinely just pee your pants or what?"

Abby was a little embarrassed, knowing she did have frequent leaks and bedwetting issues, but joked back at them "very funny guys, no, I can honestly say that I have never peed my pants." Megan still in a light tone said "I don't know, you just seem like someone who peed their pants at some point past the age they were supposed to. Adam, was your sister a bedwetter, be real with us?" Adam looked at his sister, and they gave each other a knowing look before Adam said "Yeah, I can honestly say I've never seen her wet her pants, nor her bed." Katie came to Abby's defense "You are being ridiculous, Megan, chill out." Abby then changed the topic, "hey have you seen any good movies lately?"

As Adam chit chatted, he felt the pressure of his bladder get more intense. He was definitely shifting his weight from side to side. And just then, he felt a wave of pressure overtake him. Adam tensed every muscle in his body, and thankfully was able to stem off his pee before any released. He looked to the group, and none of them seemed the wiser, but he really had to be careful now, and run to the bathroom as soon as he could.

When the group got to the bar, both Adam and Abby immediately started looking around for the bathroom.

Adam spotted them first, and was disappointed when he saw the large, two room bar only had two single stall bathroom and a line of 8 people had already formed. Abby did a quick, short stepped shuffle, swaying her hips back and forth as she darted to the back of the line "ok, are there seriously just two stalls for this entire place?" Abby said to the rest of the group, as she shuffled in place. Adam did not want to embarrass himself in front of Katie and do a "pee-pee" dance, but his bladder was incredibly full, and he had to tense up his leg muscles to just keep back the waves of pressure. After a couple beers, Abby's ability yo hold her pee back was compromised. She pressed her palms deep into her thighs and bent forward slightly "hey guys, I seriously need to go first, I gotta go" Abby said. Katie laughed a bit "you are seriously ridiculous Abby, you went like 30 minutes ago. That's cool though, I'm a big girl and can wait 30 seconds for you."

Adam needed to distract himself from his bladder and made small talk with Katie while in line "So, when people at your pharmacy buy weird items together, are you just numb to it, or do you notice when someone comes in for icy-hot and condoms at 2 am?" Katie laugh at his comment "oh I definitely notice. I mean, I don't really work my own register too often. But I definitely make up stories and question people's purchases when I do. I don't say anything obviously but I'm totally judging them silently" Katie laughed.

As Abby waited in line, her legs crossed like pretzels she felt an immense wave of pressure, she took a sharp breath in, then felt just a tiny drop of pee come out of her, and hit her panty liner. She tried to play it off cool, but her eyes bulged out and her face dropped as she felt the small leak. "You sure you're alright there Abby?" Katie giggled as she noticed her face. Abby's face turned a bit red. "Yeah, totally fine, why?"

"Because you made a face like you just pissed your pants a little?" Abby's face turned red as shot back "totally dry, don't worry" and gestured to her crotch then turned to show her firm butt to Megan and Katie, proving it's dry in a cheeky sort of way." Adam wanted to laugh along, but his own intense pressure of his bladder was in a similar spot. It was getting difficult to stand in one place without leaking into his light blue jeans. Just then someone came out of the bathroom stall and Katie rushed in. She slammed the door behind her, and yanked down her tight black jeans. Before her butt even hit the porcelain a strong jet of pee escaped out of her. It was a close fall for sure, but she made it out ok, and didn't even need to change her panty liner. She had to be careful not to drink too much during the trivia contest though.

Adam was next up line, and the two minutes waiting for his sister seemed like hours. As soon as she stepped out he was ready to rush in and release the pressure building up inside him. He then felt a soft hand on his chest. Katie's beautiful brown eyes were looking at him "Hey, I actually need to go pretty bad, can I cut in line. pleeease" she asked as she did a cute little curtsey." Adam wanted to scream no, but she just looked so sexy with her slender legs in that pleated mini skirt, he couldn't say no to her. He could hold it another 30 seconds right? "yeah, go ahead not a problem Katie" he answered.

Now that Katie was out of sight, Adam started shifting his weight back and forth, and pressed his palms into his thighs, trying to hold back the waves of pressure. He could feel his pee trying to escape, and he had to fight just to keep it from leaking out. After what seemed like an eternity of waiting, Katie came out of the stall. As he was about to walk in, Megan came up behind them. Hey guys, we gotta go trivia is about to start and we gotta get signed in or we'll lose our spot come on. Adam looked longingly at the empty bathroom, but Katie just grabbed his hand and led him to the separate bar area where trivia was being held. He didn't want to embarrass himself and admit how bad his situation is and pull away from Katie, so he just went along with it. He could just go after the first question right?

The group walked over to small circular high table without any chair. Adam immediately leaned forward on it, to help ease the pressure in his bladder. Katie, Abby and Megan all crowded around him, setting their drinks on the small table.

"Listen up contestants!" the announcer, a larger build man with a beard and a flanned shirt called out in a deep voice "This is the geeks who drink finals, and that means the winning team will walk away with a $1,000 prize. While want you to drink and have fun, we take this seriously. That means if we see your phone out, your disqualified. And don't think you can look up answers in the bathroom either. Anyone who leaves this area, can't come back in. Alright let's get onto the first question." Adam and Abby both looked at each other.

Abby knew hot bad her brother had to pee, and didn't know how to help him. Adam, worried about his own bladder, also worried about his sister, knowing she struggled with holding her pee as well. Thankfully, Abby was good for now as she just went, She just had to watch how much she drank so her bladder didn't full up too quickly. She looked over to Adam, and could just read the dread on his face. He was leaning forward and one hand was in his pocket. She could tell that he was struggling.

"First question" the announcer called out. "If you order white tea in China, what would you get." Adam knew the answer "Oh, the answer is boiled water." Megan was a little taken aback "What, how would you know that?" Abby chimed in "Trust me, I definitely brought the right guy, he's a fountain of useless information." Katie gave Adam a smile "you're just very cultured aren't you" Adam in a sarcastic British accent said "well, compared to most people in the colonies, I am quite a cultured man." Katie gave him a playful smack on the arm. Adam would normally be in heaven, but his aching bladder put a damper on things. Adam felt a huge wave of pressure overtake him, forcing Adam to suddenly slam his thighs closed.

He thankfully was able to keep any pee from escaping, but Abby noticed his face drop. She gave Adam a knowing sympathetic look, but didn't want to say anything and embarrass him. Megan however blurted out "What was that little move Adam?" Adam was a little embarrassed but tried cracking a joke "just need to rearrange things down there sometimes." Katie smiled at him, and his line seemed to work perfectly as she didn't realize just how bad his aching bladder was. He didn't want to mess things up with Katie and leave after a couple questions, if he just distracted himself he should be ok. And if he was ever in danger of having an accident he could just run to the bathroom, it would be fine right?

Several minutes went by, and Adam's' bladder slowly gut fuller and fuller as the group drank their beer. The announcer came out to the middle of the room "OK, next question. What is Lady Gaga's real name." Katie looked to Adam "OK, Mr. cultured, what's the answer?" Adam had no idea "Well, as a man of culture, I don't concern myself with such pedestrian things" he joked to Katie. Katie looked at Adam "don't worry I got this one, it's Stefani Germanotta" Katie then reached over and grabbed the pen out of Adam's hand to write the answer down. As she did, Katie batted her beatutiful brown eyes and she shifted her bodyweight, making sure her hips gently pressed into Adam's side. The amazing feeling of having Katie toned butt press into him was short-lived, as he felt a very quick, but very real short burst of warmth hit his boxers.

He stepped back an inch and his thigh muscles tensed up as tight as he could. He was able to stop the flow of warm piss after just a half second. He prayed it didn't leave a stain, but he didn't want to draw attention to his crotch, and couldn't even look down and inspect the damage, especially not with Katie essentially in his lap. But he had to do something. He couldn't bare the thought of wetting himself as this this beautiful girl was pressed against him. Trivia had to be over soon. He could make it a few more minutes right? He didn't want to embarrass himself and disqualify the team just because he has a small bladder.

He just needed something to distract himself. He noticed both his and Katie's drinks were empty. "I think it's time for a refill" Adam said as calmly and smoothly as possible, as to not give the girls any indication how bad he needed to be. Katie grabbed her glass and handed it to Adam and smiled "Ah, a true gentleman" with a sort of playful British accent. Adam looked to Abby. Abby was doing ok with her bladder, she was feeling a small urge to go, but could manage. She didn't want another beer though and risk things. "No, I'm good for now, thanks though" Abby said.

As Adam walked towards the bar, he took a quick look down and was relieved there was no stain from his small leak earlier. but he his bladder was in worse shape than he realized. He took very small, steady steps, and it took every ounce of strength to not just release it all. Despite his best efforts, it was too much. He stopped dead in his tracks as he felt another release. This time, roughly a second long before he was able to cut it off. He felt a little trickle of warmth hit his boxer briefs, and start to run down his upper thigh.

He looked down and felt the blood rush from his head as he saw a small grape sized wet stain appear on his crotch. The good news, was this relieved just a little pressure from his bladder, and Adam felt he could go without anymore leaks for a bit. He made a beeline to the bar and made sure to stand close to it so no one could see his small accident. Thinking on his feet, Adam set the glasses down and grabbed a stack of napkins and started to dab at his crotch, hopefully drying it before he had to go back to the table.

As he was doing this he heard a giggle "umm, can I help you sweetie." He looked up and the cute blonde bartended had a smirk on her face as she clearly watched him dab at his crotch. Adam tried to play it cool and made a fake laugh "ha, yeah I spilled something on my lap, sorry... can I just get two more beers please." The bartender just pursed her lips and took the glasses away, and Adam turned his attention back to his predicament and started dabbing his crotch again when. After a few second he heard another round of giggles. He looked to his left and saw two cute brunette girls starring at him "doing ok there guy?" One of the girls.

Adam turned bright red with embarrassment "I just spilled something, bad spot right?" Adam tried to play it off. The two girls just covered their mouth and continued to giggle to themself. Adam just had to put the girls out his head, and focus on getting through the last bit of trivia without embarrassing himmself in front of Katie. As the bartender came back with the beers he took once more look down at his crotch, and was thankful that it was MOSTLY dry an invisible. He just had to make sure he walked back to the table away from the girls line of sight, and hide position himself behind the table. I mean, why would they look at his crotch? He would be fine. He would hand off the beers, than run to the bathroom. He couldn't risk it anymore. Dropping out of thee competition early would be better than peeing his pants in front oof Katie. He just had to hold on another couple minutes, then he could run to the bathroom and the whole evening would be saved. Right?

Adam was able to make his way back to the table and plop down the drinks without the girls being wiser to his predicament, but he was in pain. It took every ounce of his strength to not just start doing a potty dance on the spot in front of Katie. "Hey guys, I know the rules and everything, but I'm going to sneak out to the bathroom. I'll be back when it's over." Adam squeaked out embarrassed. Katie then rest her hand on his should "aww come on we need you" she said. Megan chimed in sarcastically "don't make the guy pee his pants Katie, geez." Katie snapped back at Megan "He's not 2 years old, he is not going to pee his pants." Just then, the announcer came over the loudspeaker, the next question, is 80's movie trivia" Katie got excited "see, who here knows that better than you, just one more question."

Adam's bladder was about to explode any minute, the waves of immense pressure constant, the only was he could hold it was to sway his hips side to side and tense his thigh muscles as he possible could. Adam looked at his sister, and his sister could do nothing but give him a sympathetic look back. Seeing the color drained from Adam's face, she knew how bad he needed to go, but didn't want to embarrass him further. Adam was able to mumble out "sorry, I do need to go kinda bad."

The announcer then asked the question "how many giga watts were needed to make the Dalorean travel through time in Back to the Future?" After the question Katie placed both hands on Adam's shoulders and mouthed "please." Adam just couldn't say no to Katie, even though he knew that he should run to the bathroom, he stayed. He could make it 5 more minutes right? Adam had seen the movie so many times, he KNEW the answer. But with his bladder screaming he couldn't think. If he was really thinking clearly he would have found a way to pee earlier, but his desire to impress Katie was messing with his judgement.

Adam searched his brain for the answer, but all he could think about was the pressure in his bladder. It was no longer waves, it was a constant pinch in his groin. He felt that if he even moved an inch it would all just start flooding out then and there. His eyes met Katie's, and that's when he started to feel it. A VERY powerful jet of warm pee hit his underwear, and he felt it cascade down his left thigh. It was about 5 seconds of full-force peeing before Adam was able to stem the flow. He didn't dare look down and inspect the damage, but he could feel the wetness on his jeans about 4 inches down his leg.

"OH. MY GOD!" He heard Megan yell out. Did you just "PISS your pants" Megan cackled as she pursed her lips together. Adam looked down instictively and he could feel the color drain from his face and his heart start race as he notice a pee stain the size of a grape fruit on his crotch. Adam looked up at his sister Abby who was just starring at Adam's crotch in shock. He then looked to Katie, whose beautiful brown eyes became as wide as saucers as she stared down at his pee stain. Katie let out a tiny "oh" and then covered her mouth her hand. Adam became panicked "I... I, no I spilled my drink, I mean come on.. I, I didn't... you know.. Katie, you believe me right." Megan was full on laughing out loud at this point "dude, that is NOT a spill" Adam couldn't take his eyes off Katie though, whose eyes were transfixed on the stain as she was clearly trying the best to suppress a laugh.

Abby was starting to feel bad about her brother's total humiliation. She tucked her curly hair behind her ear and said sweetly "maybe you should run to the bathroom." Adam was at a loss for words, all he could do was turn and book it as fast as he could to the bathroom. In his panicked state, he started releasing a few more quick spurts of warm pee as he rushed to the toiled.

"Great, a line" he though as he saw 4 people waiting for the single stall bathroom. "What kind of bar has single stalls?" Adam tried desperately to hide the wet patch with one hand, he went up to a girl at the front of the line and touched her on the shoulder "excuse me I really, need to go, can I cut in front of you." The girl, to Adam's horror was the same cute brunette girl who watched him dab at his crotch at the bar earlier. The brunette girl was startled by Adam and clearly saw Adam was in bad shape as he was dancing on the spot and grabbing at his groin. All the girl could muster out was an "oh" and buried her head into her friend's should as they both started giggling to themselves. One of the guy's in the back of the line chimed in, "bro are you serious right now."

Adam looked around in a panic. He realized several eyes of the people at the bar were on him, and worst of all, he saw that Abby and Katie both followed him to the bathroom line. At that moment, Adam's bladder fully gave out. He felt a powerful, warm and steady stream release out of him. The pee instantly soaked he front of his pants and started traveling down both legs. The crowd around Adam just gawked, girls were giggling, he heard one one guy shout "look that guy's peeing his pants!" Adam was in a state of shock and just stood there as his torrent of pee continued to pour out of him, down his legs and onto the wooden.

He looked over at Abby, who just said shyly "oh Adam" and gave him a sympathetic smile. Abby then slowly walked up to Adam, as the crowd started to form a circle around this grown man who just wet his pants in a bar. She stood in front of him and grabbed her short skirt to flare it out and try to block the crowd from seeing his pee stain. Katie put her other hand on Adam's shoulder and whispered "it's ok, it's ok, these things happen." As someone finally came out of the single stall bathroom Katie went turned to the brunette girl next in line and said "hey, my friend here needs to go next." Adam slumped into the bathroom and locked the door behind him.

Once allow he started to asses the damage and it was bad. He was completely soakeded down both pant legs to his ankles, and with his light colored jeans it was incredibly obvious. He finished releasing the small amount that was left in his bladder into the toilet, and then did his best to clean up. He took big chunks of toilet paper and started wiping furiously at his pants, but it did almost nothing. What was his move now? He already pissed his pants in front of Katie and an entire bar full of people, it couldn't get any worse. Does he try to duck out and get home without talking to the girls? but how, they were his ride, and he didn't want to call an uber in this state.

He hated this option, but he figured his least embarrassing bet was to ask Abby to give him a ride home. He took a deep breath and prepared to walk out of the bathroom in his obviously wet pants. Several people watched Adam as he came out and he could feel all eyes on him, as murmurs and giggles echoed through the crowd. As he walked up to his table where the girls were Megan's jaw dropped and she doubled over laughing. Abby looked forward and stared at his crotch in shock. Katie was the only who actually looked sympathetic. She gave him a shy reassuring smile then turned to Megan and said sharply "cut it out, it's not funny."

Adam swallowed in and said meekly to Abby "hey, are you able to give me a lift home." Abby looked at him and regretfully said "Sure, but hey, the thing is my car new and I don't want to ruin my seats, we need to find a towel or something first." Adam was a little annoyed by her answer, but understsood, but he just wanted this humiliation over as soon as possible, and in this state of mind didn't even know what to suggest. He just stared blankly back at Abby "I mean, I guess, I, I just don't have one, I mean, what am I supposed to do here." Katie tried to cheer the whole situation up and chimed in "hey you know what, my pharmacy is just a block from here, why don't we go there, I can get you some sweatpants, and there is a company car we use for for deliveries, I can give you a ride back." Adam hated this option, he didn't want to have his dream girl help clean him up after peeing himself, but at this point her didn't have any better options. And he just sheepishly shook his head yes.

Adam followed Katie outside as they made their way down to her pharmacy two blocks away. As they stepped out, a young couple instantly saw the state of Adam's pants, and he heard the girl make an audible gawk and whisper something to her boyfriend. Adam just looked down sheepishly, then glanced at Katie whose face turned red as well, now clearly embarrassed to be seen with Adam. Adam said sheepishly "I'm sorry if I'm embarrassing you." Adam could tell that she was, but Katie would never admit that "no, of course not. It's ok, really, these things happen." Katie said trying to force a smile back at Adam.

Katie and Adam walked in total silence until they got to the pharmacy. It was closed, but as the owner Katie took out her keys and opened the place up. "Hey, why don't you just head to the bathroom in the back, I'll grab a couple things for you." Adam was completely humiliated in front of his crush. He just nodded his head and slumped to the bathroom. Once inside he started to desperately dry his pants with a paper towel, but it was futile. It was still glaringly obvious, with his light blue jeans soaked down both legs to his ankles. Plus, he already embarrassed himself in front of Katie, in front of his sister and in front of an entire bar full of people. How much worse could it get.

Katie knocked on the door "can I come in" Katie asked shyly. Adam gave her the ok and she slowly creeped into the bathroom, tucker her wavy hair behind her ears and tried to force being cheery "so I figured you were a large in sweatpants" as she held up some gray sweatpants for him to change into. Katie started to cringe as she brought out a package of depend diapers from behind her back "and, umm, we don't have any underwear, but we do have these. I'm not saying you need them.... you&#39;re, just an option if you didn't want to go commando, I'm sorry.... it's ok though if you do need them... it's just, yeah." Adam turned beet red "I don't need them" he said adamently, "but thank you, I think I'll just go without...." Katie just gave a shy smile, gave another long look down at Adam's wet pants and said "I'll just wait outside"

Adam changed into the sweatpants, and put his wet pants and underwear into a plastic bag and headed out of the bathroom to face Katie. "Hey, I just want to thank you for being so sweet to me, after, you know, the most humiliating moment of my life." Katie gave a genuine smile "don't mention it, it could have happened to any of us" as Katie wrapped her arms tight around Adam. Adam embraced her hug, putting his hands on the small of her back. He wanted nothing more to kiss her in this moment, but after what happened, he wasn't so sure she was into him anymore. Katie gave Adam a quick peck on the cheek, and all of Adam's worry faded away. He didn't want to ask her out in this state. But maybe his chances weren't over yet.

*002*2022-03-21 20:07

{{17 hours ago, Alex62 said:

Great story!!

}}

Thank you! any thoughts on a possible second chapter or anywhere you'd like to see it go?

*004*2022-03-21 23:43

{{2 hours ago, Alex62 said:

Not really sure where it could go next. Maybe have Adam wet himself asleep next as his bladder is more weak from his accident and from drinking? Btw how old is Adam and Abby?

}}

Maybe I could have a little bedwetting in there. Maybe focus the next part on Abby having an accident. I was thinking they were both around 26.

