Stuck in the Elevator

Author: Cupcakes85

*000*2021-03-05 15:24

While I'm working on some much needed commissions and other things, I thought I might as well break out another story of mine! Chapters will be posted every day, so make sure to come back for updates. Let me know what you think in the comments!

If I'd known that the three bottles of the fancy Flouron water I'd been so kindly gifted would rush through me so quickly, and right in the middle of my commute, I'd have happily just ploughed through my workout and dealt with the dehydration.

As it was, I was quite hydrated, and I really had to pee.

Clinging to the steering wheel with enough force to indent its patterns into my palms, I tried to keep my focus on the road, both for my own safety and for the blissful distraction it offered. Traffic was low thanks to it being a Saturday, so thankfully I was able to cruise at a decent speed without hiccups into the city as early morning light streamed in through the windshield. Unfortunately my usually perfectly fitted skirt felt like a binder over my bladder, and every minute shift in speed or imperfection in the road seemed to jostle me with a purposefully cruel amount of motion. Even the tiniest shift in my seat seemed to bring a hard, stinging pressure between my legs, as if the weight of the drinks was being squeezed right up against the sealed exit. Having my cute little pink button up blouse tucked in so tightly to my skirt was also adding some much unappreciated pressure.

Gulping as another tiny bump from turning into my exit sent my bladders cargo sloshing, I tried to remember ever needing a bathroom this much, mostly so I could assure myself that I'd been in this kind of situation before and come out dry. To my greater discomfort, I had nothing. Being so shy in general, and especially about such topics, meant that I had always been impossibly quick to tend to such matters before they ever got serious. I'd never even come close to having an accident, and had certainly never reached a point where any kind of crotch holding or other debasing display had been necessary, especially in public. This was all the faultless but unfortunate result of bad timing and too much hydration.

Fault aside, things still weren't ideal. I was still firmly in control, but there was an unshakable, dreadful anxiety that I was in a very real and very uncomfortable predicament. The possibility was there, that there could be a car crash or other unforeseen disruption, and I'd be kept from a toilet for too long...

Forcing the thought aside with a very purposeful squeezing of my thighs, I refused to acknowledge the thin layer of sweat on my brow or the jiggling in my free leg and the resulting tapping of my little black heels against the mat on the floor. This was absurd! I had plenty of control over my bladder, I was an adult, and an accomplished one at that! At this very moment I was going to a private meeting with my boss, Scarlett, for a performance review I was certain would be glowing, and I had no reason to believe that I couldn't go to the bathroom beforehand for a much needed pee and be done with this whole ordeal. Arriving early would certainly allow me that much.

The parking lot was a welcome relief at the end of a drive that had felt far longer than it really was. Hoping the bulge of my bladder wouldn't be noticeable, I found easy parking beside the entrance and started planning my route immediately, confident but not daring to take a single risk. There was a bathroom on the first floor just beyond the elevators that led to the top of our considerable building, and without coworkers around I wouldn't have any fear of being delayed by unnecessary small talk. I could hurry back, have a perhaps not so quick pee, and be waiting in the lobby for Scarlett before our proposed meeting time.

Unbuckling my seatbelt, I couldn't help but gasp at the freedom and relief the tiny release offered, the considerable bulge of my bladder sticking out in a very noticeable ball on my tiny waist. Squeezing my thighs together and ignoring the sweat now on my legs as well, I braced myself for the hazard of motion, knowing all too well how much pressure the wrong move could put in the wrong place. Swallowing just enough pride to press a firm hand between my legs, I was thankful for the still dry panties that greeted my fingertips beneath my skirt.

I'd made it this far without incident. Grabbing my purse in my other hand, I allowed myself to gasp as I maneuvered out of my small car, letting myself show a little struggle with other quiet sounds of discomfort since there was no audience to judge me. Every motion made my bladder slosh its contents almost in warning, and the mere attempt to straighten myself out and stand brought a hard pain in my pussy that I knew was watery weight pounding down on my urethra. It was torture just to stand to my full and unimpressive height.

Regretting even my small heels for the wobble they gave me, I took quick but careful steps to the entrance, knowing but not daring to think about what a single misstep could cost me. Peeing was all I could think about as I crossed the distance with my arms firmly at my sides, thoughts of the toilet that awaited me less like a simple step of a plan and more like a promise of untold relief I couldn't bear to wait much longer for. Despite all the struggling I'd made it, and I would be in and out of there with no one being the wiser-

"Oh, Tanya! You're early."

My heart sank and almost crashed into my full bladder as I recognized my boss sitting casually in a chair in the lobby, her phone disappearing into her pocket as she stood to greet me with a wide and genuine smile. Ordinarily I'd have been thrilled to see her. Scarlett was a beautiful woman; tall but thickly built with curves like no other and a bust most would have had to pay for. Chocolate brown hair as voluminous and shiny as could be crested her shoulders in thick and luxurious waves, matching perfectly with her fitted cream business suit that probably cost as much as my car. She radiated success in a way most could only dream of, and her beautiful sculpted smile and plump lips made her natural joy feel infectious. I'd been harboring a crush on her from the moment I'd met her, but in that instant, with my hopes of a sneaky trip to the toilet dashed, I couldn't have been more mortified.

Concern graced her beautiful features, and she closed the distance between us quickly with her long legs, her high heels clicking with purpose on the tile as she came close enough to tower over me. "Are you alright? You look a little flushed..." She asked without the judgement I was so certain was coming, her kind and gracious nature focused entirely on me. In an instant I was paranoid she'd figure out what was wrong. My posture was stooped and apparently I was blushing like a cherry and who knew what other signs, what if she put them together? How could my glowing performance review stay glowing if it didn't even look like I had control over my most basic functions? Tilting her head, Scarlett remained apparently heedless to my internal dilemma and continued only to be worried for my sake. "And sweaty... do you have a fever?"

"N-not at all! Just uh... AC doesn't work in the car! So, I'm a little sweaty and... yeah..." I babbled in a voice that shook far too much, my throat ironically dry in the midst of my panicked lie as I tried to casually push back errant brown locks. A backup plan was not forthcoming with my mind lost in a desperate haze. My first plan for relief had been destroyed in moments, and yet I was still unimaginably in need of a toilet, perhaps more so than I'd been just minutes before. A normal person would have just indicated a need for a quick bathroom break, but even with my bladder near to bursting I couldn't dare say that out loud, my bashful nature like a lock over my lips that refused to let anything remotely improper pass. I couldn't even get myself to pee under normal circumstances if there was anyone else present in a bathroom, how could I say I needed one to my boss?

"Poor thing, let's get up to my office then and you can sit before we have our meeting. I have some cold drinks in my personal fridge to help you cool off." Scarlett offered helpfully, the mere mention of a drink sending a painful spasm from my bladder to the fork of my legs. She'd been the one to give me those energy drinks in the first place, and that link in my mind started some painful connections. Picturing anything liquid somehow made it worse, and the burst of discomfort combined with the unimaginable need to pee spurred me to go beyond my shyness and to at least open my mouth in the faintest hint of an objection.

"But I..."

Concerned still and likely more so at my fade off, Scarlett waited attentively for the words that died in my throat, and I tried in vain to force out what I knew I couldn't say. It was so terribly easy; I need to use the restroom first, please excuse me! But I knew I couldn't, and so I only closed my mouth in awkward surrender. It was just too much... Finally, she broke the silence for me long after my nerve had disappeared. "Yes? Is something else wrong?"

Whatever ability I had to speak up was gone. A fake smile pulled in my lips as I straightened my stance, biting back a grimace as the pressure on my bladder increased even further.

“Not at all! Drinks sound... great!" I said as enthusiastically as anyone could in my situation. Trying to fortify myself, I told my overburdened bladder I could do this, especially with a potential promotion on the line. A good performance review was the key to moving upwards, and I could certainly hold it long enough to get through that... I had to.

Smiling, Scarlett took the lead to the elevator, and I did everything I could to follow at a normal pace with an unassuming gait. Every step sent agonizing spasms through my practically bursting bladder and made it slosh inside of me like a wave, leading me to force my thighs together as subtly as I could whilst clamping down on the aching hole it was all pounding down upon. The elevator may as well have been a mile away for how much every step exhausted me. Sweat was already building again and my breath was fast as we made it, leaving me looking like I had just finished a good run. Scarlett was kindly oblivious as she swiped her identification card and opened the doors, stopping by them to politely allow me first entrance. That was something I would have ordinarily felt quite happy about given my little crush... Now I could only pray that nothing about my posture or body language would give me away as I stepped inside the posh interior with a fake smile.

The first thing I did was lean against a handrail and cross my legs in an imitation of a casual stance, the added aid of pressing my thighs so tightly together helping me to regain some level of control as Scarlett pinged the button for the top floor. White marble for the floor and golden rails with gilded sides made the whole area feel more like a tiny but fancy room. Thankfully she didn't seem to notice a thing about me as she took out her phone and the doors closed behind us, and I allowed the tiny victory of having made it this far to pump me up. All I had to do was make it through the meeting and I'd be clear. Scarlett would be impressed, I would be dry, and a promotion would certainly be in my near future. Of course it would be far easier said than done; my legs were already quivering and sweat was building between them again from the strain, but nothing worth doing was ever easy. Every minute was going to count, but if I could focus, then I could absolutely do this.

"Did you try those pre-workout drinks I gave you? They should have kept you hydrated through your morning routine." Scarlett asked casually, turning away from her phone and putting all her attention on me in one terrifying instant. Hearing even a mention of the drinks made my bladder ache. Biting my lip to hold back a whimper, I kept up my smile like a shield, not daring to let it be known that those cutesy colored bottles were putting me through hell.

"Yes! I felt energized and comfortable the whole way through, I'll definitely try them again!" I said as happily as I could, somehow pained by every word as if the mere thought of liquid would be enough to push me over the edge. I would have happily strangled my morning self for downing three full bottles, though in her defense the fruity taste had been beyond refreshing and I had really needed the help... Being so incredibly tiny meant I usually wilted mere minutes into exercising with any kind of challenge, so I'd been in desperate need of a boost to allow me to work out with the intensity I dreamed of. It had worked very well too. How could I have known they would all pass through me just as I started driving to this very spot, only to gather in my bladder with impressive speed and fill it like a painful balloon? Thankfully still buying my show, Scarlett smiled happily at the news.

"Excellent, I'll buy you some more cases if you want. It's the least I can do for making you come all the way out here with a busted AC."

The grateful nod I acted out coincided with a mortifying trickle of sweat down my inner thigh. Gripping the handrail for dear life, I tried to keep more of a flush from forming in my cheeks, desperate in a way I'd never known could be possible. There was nothing in my mind except the painful, agonizing, unrelenting need to pee and everything I could do to make it happen as soon as possible. Reality seemed a little looser as I struggled with the weight of it all, the less reigned in corners of my mind taunting me with the possibility of forgoing anything resembling decency and just giving up, letting it all flow down my legs in a hot and blissful cascade of relief-

Cracking a mental whip, I shut down such a fantasy with an inner frenzy of panic and disgust, unable to believe that I'd dropped so low as to consider anything of the sort. I would have been fired on the spot for sure! What would Scarlett think of me? The up and coming woman who'd so endeared herself to her, wetting herself in the elevator without control? Surely she'd be mortified, a proper business woman like herself had to prioritize control and appearance above everything else. But then... why couldn't I stop picturing her staring? Why did the idea of her catching me debasing myself send such delightful tingles to the otherwise very occupied fork of my legs? I must have had to pee so badly I was losing it.

"H-how long do you think this will take?" I asked as casually as my cracking voice allowed, hoping I wouldn't sound impatient or unenthusiastic but in dire enough need of some information to risk it. If it would be quick I was certain I could just hold it until the end, but if it would be more in depth... I would need to plan some way to get to a toilet. Perhaps I could fake an important phone call, and use the bathroom while I went out to pretend to answer it?

Looking thoughtful and blessedly not offended, Scarlett pondered the question for what could have only been a few seconds, but in my current state felt like hours. Even the elevator felt like it was crawling, the ding of every ascended floor mocking me with an agonizingly slow progression...

"I doubt it'll be long." She answered at last. "I've got some very good things to say, and some nice offers too, and we won't have to worry about interruptions."

It was the best news she could have given me, and after I finally had a much needed bathroom break I'd probably be a lot more excited by the potentially life changing parts. As it was, I knew I could hold on for a quick meeting and get to a bathroom just in time. I would make it through this with my dignity intact and my panties dry, and as difficult as it would be I had full faith in-

A solid, mechanical clunk scared me badly enough that a small, hot squirt dampened my panties before I could stop it, the entire elevator coming to a halt with a bounce that would have undone my efforts if I hadn't been clamping down with everything I had. The shock of adrenaline from the tiny leak that now mingled with the sweat of my thighs momentarily blinded me to whatever had just happened. Never in my life had I had an accident, and even though it was only a few errant drops the leak still shocked me beyond the telling of it.

"You've got to be kidding me."

Scarlett's exasperated comment returned me to the far, far worse predicament unraveling before my very eyes. Tapping the button for her floor and swiping her card for good measure, she frowned in absolute frustration, her actions resulting in nothing but silence from the elevator. We were solidly stuck.

*003*2021-03-05 23:49

{{2 hours ago, rebeljaffa said:

Oh, and all your other stores which I just found! Oh. My. God!

}}

Thank you!! I'll post the update first thing tomorrow, and I'm glad you like my other stories! Hopefully there's so many more to come!

*004*2021-03-06 12:48

Part two is here! There's one more to go after this, and I hope everyone likes this one! As always, thanks for all the wonderful feedback!!

My boss looked to me with the most utterly apologetic expression I'd ever seen, and perhaps she thought the paleness overtaking my face was a general fear of the predicament and not absolute horror at my own secret struggle. "I'm so sorry about this, I've never had any trouble with this elevator before!"

I couldn't even muster up a polite reply. This ruined every step of my narrowly workable plan, and utterly destroyed any chance I had of getting out of this. Under the best of circumstances I would have had minutes to make it to the bathroom, and likely not a second to spare. Now? I was trapped, and my company was my boss, the very same woman I'd occasionally dared to dream might find me as alluring as I found her. This had to be a nightmare. Nothing could possibly be this perfectly designed to be cruel. Any moment now I'd wake up, probably desperate for the toilet, and I'd hobble on over to my bathroom and forget all about it...

"Yes, like I said, it's not responding..."

Catching a snippet of Scarlett arguing with a voice through the elevator's emergency communication system, I was forced to grapple with the possibility that this may indeed have been real, and that there was little chance anything was going to go my way. Even now heat was building in my pussy from the unimaginable war of pressure between my bladder and everything outside of it, a war I was only narrowly winning thanks to the combined efforts of my muscular thighs and tightly squeezed pussy. But how long could I hold that up? If the sweat was any indication, this would be exhausting, and as the minutes ticked by it was inevitable that the pressure inside would only continue to grow while my own resistance weakened... And then? I didn't want to think about what would happen then...

"The repair lady isn't in the building because it's a weekend, but thankfully she's close by and responding. She'll be over as quick as she can." Scarlett said as she turned off the speaker, sounding a little bit better but not at all pleased with the situation. She may as well have read me my rights with how doomed I was. How long was "as quick as she can" and how far was "close by"? Was she hopping over from a few blocks away, or was she a full town over? Was I going to be here for a few extra minutes, or untold hours? The former offered at least the potential to save myself, but the latter meant I'd be forced to have an accident in a very cramped, exposed, and inescapable place. Somehow even the chance to be rescued only made it worse, as uncertainty being piled onto everything only weighed on my bladder more.

As usual, Scarlett was the picture of sympathy, one of the many traits that ordinarily made my heart flutter to be on the receiving end of. To be so beautiful, and so successful, yet so kind... if I hadn't been in agony I would have loved this. Approaching me with more concern, she looked down at me with her dark blue eyes full of care, and her full lips pulled down in a worrying red frown. "Again, I'm just so sorry Tanya. Are you alright? Is there anything I can do to-"

"I'm claustrophobic." I blurted out without thinking, wanting her away from me in a total switch from the norm. Ordinarily even a tender touch from her, say in the form of a friendly pat on my shoulder, was enough to send delightful electric bursts all the way to the fork of my legs. Right now that would potentially spell disaster. Not to mention how her proximity could expose my secret if it meant she picked up on the other cues of my desperation; if she put together the sweating, the red face, the posture and trembling... and what of the tiny amount I'd leaked before? What if she realized I was holding it? Would she be revolted, and ask why I hadn't just requested to go before we got in the elevator? Good god, why hadn't I just asked?! Why did I have to be so damn shy?! Now it was potentially going to cost me everything!

"Oh, you poor thing..." She replied without hesitation, stepping back to lean on the handrail opposite mine so I had as much space as possible. How very like her, to try so hard to make everyone comfortable and trust so implicitly... If I had the ability to feel anything but this impossible desperation I'd have been flattered. "I'll stay over here. It shouldn't be more than twenty minutes or so, and you can take as much time as you need afterwards to feel better."

Nodding, I shifted to try and press myself into the handrail to get some additional pressure to help me, unable to use my hands lest I make it very obvious what the issue was. My skirt made it incredibly difficult, but I still attempted to lean back and get something solid between my legs, thinking that if perhaps I managed to keep a good hold on myself I could probably last the twenty minutes. Dampened panties provided me with excellent motivation, as their tight and likely no longer white fabric clung to me even with just the spurt I'd released earlier. What would they look like if the flood made it through?

Trying not to think about it, I cast a glance down at the swell of my bladder on my usually flat tummy, hating myself again for downing all the bottles that had filled me up so completely. Every drop felt like it was fighting to escape now; a rhythmic throbbing was even forming in my pussy to lend credence to the thought. Sweat was also gathering in heavier and hotter droplets on areas both hidden and not, the fattest drops thankfully confining themselves beneath the tent of my skirt to occasionally tickle my thighs with quick trickles down the sensitive skin. A few were unfortunately also dotting my much more exposed face and palms. Keeping my gaze downwards was all I could think of to try and hide them, and I didn't dare reach for my phone in my purse lest my trembling fingertips dropped it and gave me away. I had nothing to pass the time but my own thoughts, and they were rather... linear, at the moment.

On a whim, I tried shifting my legs to cross them in the opposite direction, hoping that greater comfort would make the moments tick by faster.

It was a mistake.

Just the action of uncrossing and the corresponding shift in my upper body released some much needed support from my bladder, allowing it to be jostled and sending the ocean of pee sloshing inside of me with enough force that I felt tears dot the corners of my eyes as the pain hit. The poor urethra keeping the flood at bay was pounded by wave after wave of pee that was apparently as desperate to be out as I was to hold it in, and at the peak of the pressure I couldn't restrain the tiniest whimper of discomfort as I snapped my thighs back together to prevent another leak from slipping past my overburdened defenses.

"Tanya?"

An innocent question in the form of my name was muffled on the edge of my perception, and I opened the eyes I didn't realize I'd closed to see Scarlett, her expression once more quite worried for my sake.

"Are you sure you're okay? You look... sick." She asked, reminding me that I wasn't alone and my every move and sound had quite the audience. Mentally kicking myself, I considered telling another lie. I could claim any number of illnesses that might require a trip to the bathroom as soon as we were free, thus explaining my behavior now and giving me a free pass to hurry away when the opportunity presented itself... But the fog of desperation actually made the possibility of a lie coming apart quite clear. There was a chance such a story could unravel, and being avoidant was exactly what had gotten me into this trouble in the first place. Perhaps a little honesty was well overdue.

"F-full honesty?" I croaked out, leaning back hard against the railing as my body reacted to the possibility of saying the truth with a painful spasm in my bladder. Squeezing down hard and fighting through it, I struggled for words in my haze, my need to tell the truth just barely outpacing my paralyzing anxiety of speaking up. It was hard to know how to word it as well, thanks to the fact that my entire body was focused only on holding it and I had to avoid conveying that desperation. I had to sound casual, and not like I was full to bursting and absolutely bordering on pissing myself then and there. "I kind of... that is to say, I need to... pretty soon I should probably..."

I took a shaky but stabilizing breath.

"I need to use the restroom."

A part of me expected revulsion and another fully anticipated frustrated disbelief. The former was certain she would grimace at the revelation, while the latter was waiting to hear her question why on earth I hadn't gone earlier, and both planned to defensively cower in response.

"I'm sorry, all this really isn't going our way, is it?" She replied at last, resigned amusement mixed with yet another apology. I was blissfully surprised to see her take it so well, my pain and discomfort fading for a single, beautiful moment as she pressed her temple and sighed with disappointment that had nothing to do with me before making another offer to make up for everything. "I've got a private bathroom off my office, you can use it as soon as we're out of here.”

With everything I was suffering in that moment the offer was like a glimpse of heaven. At the very end of this elevator I could have sweet, perfect relief without any of the humiliation I'd been dreading, and as a gift from Scarlett no less. It was everything I needed and more than I could have ever wanted. Using her own bathroom for my much needed release also added an incredible element of... excitement to the whole idea, as if she was somehow involved in the process in a way I didn't realize I wanted her to be...

"That would be... very nice, thank you!" I said with genuine enthusiasm, the burst of delight reinvigorating me in my struggle. In a polite and much appreciated move, she turned away and started tapping something on her phone, giving me as much privacy as possible in the confined space. The lack of an audience finally gave me a very much needed opportunity. Keeping my backside pressed into the handrail, I dropped a hand between my legs to squeeze tightly, the added pressure helping me to relax for some much needed relief. I knew that even with the possibility of having access to a bathroom immediately after this, I'd still have to hold it for the whole remainder of the ordeal. Getting comfortable and saving energy seemed to be the best way to do that.

Of course, "comfortable" was a very relative term. I was still more full of pee than I ever had been in my entire life, and no position would allow me total relief from the fullness of my bladder and it's impossible swell, especially with it being so prominently swollen behind my stomach. Lightening the pressure seemed infeasible with every possible move being a danger, especially considering how any leak could be catastrophic in these close quarters. Scarlett was being kind and generous now, but it seemed doubtful that she'd be the same if I pissed myself in front of her, even if it was only a spurt or two...

Pressing my fingers very firmly into my pussy, I tried to ignore the thought. I had a perfectly obtainable goal; just hold it for another twenty minutes or so, and then this would all be over. Having my hand holding myself was a very helpful aid, but it quickly became apparent that the mild bonus wouldn't do much to make this any easier. Every inch between my legs was still hot and tight from the strain, and the sweat was now becoming considerable enough to soak my panties on its own. In an ironic twist I was certain I was getting more of a workout than I had that morning. Running on a treadmill didn't compare in the slightest to all the squeezing, squirming, and simple desperation that was draining me now. The situation would have been funny if it weren't so terribly awkward and uncomfortable.

Minutes had no meaning to me as we stood in silence, the elevator little more than a quiet prison for the both of us that I prayed I'd be leaving soon. My heart was beating a little faster than usual from the strain, and the resulting throbs in my pussy were not at all helpful; in fact they felt almost like a rhythmic pounding against my urethra. With so much pee inside of me it felt like the waves of an ocean crashing repeatedly against the shore, an analogy that made me think of water in all forms, and that was something I immediately regretted.

Flowing rivers, full streams, sloshing waves and dancing rain played in my mind for a torturous effect. Water was all I could think of with so much liquid in my body, and my mind constantly recalled the sweet and cold workout beverages I'd had to start this all, and how they'd been so good and I'd been so keen on staying hydrated I'd gulped them all down... Those three little bottles seemed huge now with their contents engorging my bladder and making me wonder if I could have filled all three bottles again with the processed drinks. That thought invited others; could I just let it all go in a container, here and now? If Scarlett had an empty water bottle or something like it in her possession, it would be so easy to slip it up my skirt and press it against myself, then just relax and pee inside-

Wet heat stopped me from going any further down the path of such a dangerous and tempting thought. Jamming my fingers in with all my might, I stopped yet another leak from coming out in full, but this time more than a few droplets rolled down the backs of my thighs. I felt every inch of their crisscrossing paths until they finally cooled, but the surge of panic didn't fade. The front of my skirt was wet where I'd pushed it in, and I had no doubt my panties were similarly damp, as I could still feel the wet fabric clinging to my pussy. Casting a panicked look at Scarlett, I was given a small break by the fact that she didn't seem to notice at all. In fact she looked thoroughly focused on her phone. One crisis down, I looked down at myself to check the damage. A small dark patch about the size of a quarter was beneath my fingers, and the sight caused panicked sweat to mix with that created by exertion.

I told myself that I could hide it; Scarlett wouldn't know I'd lost control if I just kept it out of view. Gulping to help out my dry throat, I got back to securing my grip, all but tangling my legs together to lock down any further spurts. Clenching so hard helped to secure the exit, but made me keenly aware of how incredibly massive and tight my bladder was in my belly. It was like a water balloon filled almost to its limit, the walls straining to hold the load within me and desperately trying to force everything out the one available exit. I had to bite back a whimper at a spasm that resulted from thinking about water once more. A perfect visage of a flowing stream in the woods transformed into a fantasy of a similar stream gushing out of me, taking all the pain and discomfort with it as-

"Are you sure you're alright?"

Scarlett almost startled me badly enough to free another spurt of pee. Yanking my hand from my crotch on reflex, I jerked my hips to the side to avoid showing my wet patch, and realized I probably looked quite alarming with my legs twisted into a pretzel.

"Yes!" I blurted out in a wide eyed frenzy, my voice so high pitched it could have cracked glass. The outburst only made her look more concerned, and I would have kicked myself for looking like a crazed idiot if my legs hadn't been otherwise occupied. Forcing on a more palatable smile, I internally cringed at the blush I could do nothing to hide and the layer of sweat that undoubtedly ruined my performance. All I could do was chant in my mind that it would all be over soon. "Just... you know... s-stir crazy!"

She softened her expression even though she looked unconvinced, but thankfully she didn't seem to have noticed my leak, meaning I was likely on thin ice but otherwise in the clear. "We'll be out of here before you know it. Just a little longer until we're moving again, and then the mechanic and I will have a chat..."

It was enough reinforcement for me to force one more smile before she went back to her phone. As soon as I was in the clear I jammed my fingers back into my crotch for additional support, still far from stable and in need of every bit of help I could get. Returning to the task made something clear that hadn't been before; I was agonizingly full to the point where my pussy had become little more than a heated and aching barrier to the pee trying to escape me.

The tiny urethra at the center of it all was near to stinging under the strain now. Tears dotted the edge of my eyes as I lost feeling in my fingertips, my whole body starting to buckle from my efforts as a quake that couldn't be ignored traveled up my tangled legs. Every inch of me was focused on a single task, but even all that I was wasn't enough to withstand this for much longer. God, why hadn't I just asked for the bathroom? Or not had so much to drink? Or done a million other things differently? Every mistake seemed to have led me to this horrible moment, and I didn't know how I could hold it for even another minute.

"Tanya, do you need he-"

Somehow the voice seemed so muffled and far away, but I responded on reflex, finding that my hand was locked between my legs and couldn't be moved even to wipe away the tears of frustration that had started to fall.

"No!"

"I know you said you needed the bathroom, is it an emergency?" Came the voice again, this time prompting me to look. Panic flooded my veins as I remembered Scarlett was still present, and now looking quite worried. I knew by the heat in my face that I was undoubtedly blushing as red as a ripe apple, and that the sweat on my skin and the contorted posture of my legs with my firmly entrenched hand would undoubtedly lead her to a single conclusion. Anyone with their senses intact could tell I was desperate to pee. Still, my dignity refused to die, and my frantically addled mind was certain I could still save her perception of me as a confident adult, if I only kept up my charade.

"No!" I gasped again, squeaking out the word with so much effort that it sent a spasm rippling from my bulging bladder to my aching pussy. Lurching with a keen, I heaved in deep breaths to get a hold of myself, worried for a few mortifying moments that the sweat dripping down my legs was intermingled with droplets of a very different variety. "Not at all! I'm just... just..."

Scarlett wasn't convinced this time. Worry on every inch of her lovely features, she put up a hand to offer help and stepped towards me, though I was certain she'd have been repulsed if she knew how terribly close I was to wetting myself. Doubling down on my already maximum efforts, I cracked half a pathetic smile. Even more desperate to keep my pride and my position than I was to pee, I refused to give up my act, and kept reminding myself that I only needed to last a little longer. "I'm fine! Please, I can..."

I faded off as something far worse than a spasm overtook my entire lower body. A full cry of pain escaped me as the pressure peaked to levels like I'd never known, and a thin rivulet of what I could only pray was more sweat ran down the back of my thigh to patter hot droplets on my calf. Hard and panicked breaths sent my chest heaving in almost feral alarm; I was dangling off the edge of my absolute limit. Every part of me was exhausted beyond words, leaving the dam of resolution I'd constructed to crumble as I teetered on the brink of losing all control so close to my goal.

"Are you okay?!" Scarlett half asked and half demanded, now at my side and well beyond being reassured by anything I had left to offer. I was barely coherent enough to attempt anything regardless. Being so close to an accident tore me between the instinctive urge to surrender and the practical need to preserve my dignity, which was fading with every beat of my panicked heart and a growing sense of finality that even I couldn't suppress. Even if the elevator docked at that moment, I knew in the depths of my heart that I wouldn't make it, as even uncrossing my legs or simply removing my hand would weaken the floodgates too much for them to hold. More tears of denial poured down my cheeks as I grappled with the undeniable reality that I was not going to be able to save myself. I was going to pee right here, in a tiny little stylish elevator, in full view of my boss and the woman I secretly adored.

"D-don't look! Please!" I gasped out, feeling a hot spot grow between my legs but uncertain if I'd actually started peeing or if the muscles were just giving up on their own. A wisp of my dignity remained and exerted enough force to make me squeeze down one last time, and a final lie passed my lips. "Please look away! I can-I can hold it!"

My resolve collapsed almost in the same instant I said those words, as if in a final insult to my pride.

The first true spurt came in a wet trickle that emerged with enough force to squeeze backwards between my thighs and patter against the tile in a few audible drips. I cried out despite the absolute submission of my body to nature's call. The dark stain on the front of my skirt grew to an eye catching size that I could no longer hope to hide, and all I could do was squeeze my eyes shut as everything below my waist finally let loose, my thighs unclasping just as my feet slid apart of their own volition. The second leak lasted a few solid seconds, and this time was long and strong enough to produce an audible hiss as it surged straight through my soaked panties to spread in a jumbled mess beneath the tent of my skirt. Bright yellow droplets fell down the pale expanse of my legs to join the growing puddles on the floor beneath me, making it clear to the woman now standing silently before me what was happening.

Like so many other things that moved without my control, my thighs parted in a single motion to spread my knees apart, leaving me awkwardly bow legged in an instinct to help it flow better. The result was instantaneous. A solid and unbreakable stream surged forth to replace the leaks, hissing loud and proud as the energy drinks finally made their escape from my overtaxed bladder. Not being over a toilet created no hesitation; though the flow splintered between running down my legs and surging straight down to patter against the floor, it never fluctuated for even an instant. The thickest part fell as a waterfall between my legs in a stream as thick as my finger, it's heavy flow spattering upon impact with the tile to send droplets flying as a rippling puddle began to grow in moments. What remained crisscrossed down my legs in wild and uncontrollable rivulets that took their time to reach my shoes. In moments I was soaked but far from done.

Despite it all; the struggle, the humiliation, the certain unemployment that was to follow, I could only feel one thing in that moment. Bliss. I'd held it for so long and been in so much agony fighting the inevitable, that now to have it happen left me nothing to do but submit to the pleasure that replaced the pain. Relief had never been this unimaginable, and somehow having it hot and flowing down my legs only added to the raw satisfaction, as if what I was doing was as natural as could be. I could feel the stream surging and my bladder shrinking. My tightly pinched expression of agony became an open mouthed sigh of euphoria as my surroundings faded away, leaving me with nothing but the pleasure of the longest and most incredible pee of my life.

Following instinct once more I pushed to make it come faster, my muscles squeezing in aid instead of hindrance to produce a very satisfying increase in the volume of the hissing and trickling and every other sound I was making. A single eye cracked open to look down between my spread legs, where a still rippling puddle was growing big enough to encircle everything beneath me on the once pristine white tile. Biting my lip, I wrapped the hands I didn't know I'd dropped to my sides around myself in something like a self hug of delight, the pleasure hitting a new peak as I lowered to half of my capacity. I dropped into a high squat to help it flow without hindrance.

The first fluctuation came with a wobble in the stream and a slowing of the rivulets down my soaked legs, marking the end of the peak and the beginning of my descent into total relief. Three bottles of poorly chosen drinks were now spread across the floor in what could have been called a lake, and I had never felt better as I continued to make it grow. Time still remained absent as I began to finish up the last of my unscheduled pee break, with minutes or seconds flowing just as easily as the last of my bladders hold. My panties were sopping and my skirt was equally desecrated with patches of errant piss that had squirted with enough force to dampen it, including a few that had made it backwards to soak my ass, but I couldn't have cared less.

It ended with the flow slowing to a pencil width stream that dribbled downwards almost lazily, and once more I pushed to help it along and finish it all, a dazed smile pulling on my lips as I finally remembered what it meant to be empty. A few slow squirts marked the last of it as they splashed down beneath me, leaving only drops that fell from my panties when they wished and me mercifully, blissfully, and finally relieved.

Heat was the last thing to leave as the ocean of piss I'd released chilled in the open air, sending goosebumps up my soaked legs as they caught every draft and forcing one final sigh from my mouth as I cracked open my eyes to help me spiral back to earth.

Scarlett was just where she'd been when I'd last been aware of her, save for a few feet of distance where she'd obviously stepped back to avoid the growing mess I'd created to spare her shoes. The expression on her face was unreadable, but in my rapidly increasing clarity I quickly put together one thing.

It wasn't happy.

"Finished?" She asked in a tone drained of patience, eyes scanning the puddle I'd been so happy to make only minutes before. Dropping my gaze to the sight, I took in my situation one moment at a time, the pieces of my fractured reality finally coming together to make a horrible picture.

"I'm... I..." I gasped without any true comprehension of the fact that I was speaking. Cold air circling my lower body bit with the intensity of a winter breeze as the last of the heat left my once steaming puddle, forcing me to shiver and allowing a few more droplets to shake loose from my thighs and panties. I'd peed myself utterly and to the finish in front of my own boss, and hadn't even had enough control to look ashamed while I was doing it. From my tiny and well dressed form had poured an ocean of piss, and now I was standing in the middle of it, with nothing I could possibly say to justify my unfathomable error. It didn't even seem possible. Staring down at myself made it no more tangible, despite the shocking yellow evidence glistening on the no longer pristine white tile.

Humiliation and panic melted together in a sickening combination. I'd peed myself despite everything, and was standing in a dripping and mortifying mess before my out of patience boss who was still waiting for an explanation I didn't have.

"I'm sorry!" I gasped out as tears started to fall, humiliated but also genuinely mortified for doing this to her. I'd made her a captive audience to my lowest moment, and had created a mess inside her own private space that was still dripping to the floor as we spoke. Sobs bounced my chest and made speaking difficult through my tears, and I hugged myself whilst knocking my spread knees together in a vain attempt to regain some of my lost dignity. How could she ever respect me again after watching me piss myself? "I... I c-could'nt hold it any more!"

"Why didn't you go before we got in?" She asked, arms crossing and hefting her ample chest as they did so. Somehow the impressive figure she cut in the cream suit was intimidating in my current vulnerability, and I withered beneath the painfully obvious question.

"I... I was... too shy to ask..."

There was a scoff, and the newfound lack of sympathy from her was more painful than any bulging bladder. "Not too shy to pee yourself, it seems."

"I'm so sorry Scarlett, I-I really... I tried to hold it..." I blubbered, looking up at her with desperation for forgiveness I knew I didn't deserve. Grown adults didn't pee themselves, and they certainly didn't do it publicly, in front of the person they needed respect from the most. All my effort mattered little in the face of my failure. I'd certainly be fired, and would have to take myself home in my absolutely soaked outfit and shower off the shame... My panties and skirt were undoubtedly lost causes too, having taken the brunt of the flood. Even now I could feel the cotton undergarments clinging to me.

"I can tell." Scarlett mused sarcastically, surprising me with the new edge to her personality. Standing a little straighter over my puddle, I tried to wipe away some of my tears, hoping that perhaps I could earn some of her forgiveness. "Well, I was going to compliment you on your self control for your review. But this little incident makes me question that quality."

"Please don't be mad." I croaked out shamefully, shrinking down as the submissive and hoping that playing the role of the small and vulnerable one would ease her disappointment. Every part of me was still tingling with the endorphins of relief, and thus there was something deep down that sparked at being so impossibly... debased. Having her humiliate me further than peeing already had was somehow physically thrilling. Of course I didn't let that thought go very far, and pushed it down with revulsion of my own to have my body react so shamefully. Was it not enough to be humiliated? Why did these terrible depths within me delight in this debauchery? Whatever the reason, I could never let them free, lest they make it far worse for me...

"I'm not mad, simply disappointed. You absolutely soaked yourself without hesitation; your clothes are probably unsalvageable now. Your panties have to be destroyed." Scarlett said more casually, drawing forth a shameful burst of tingling from my pussy at her mention of my panties. Wincing, I forced it down with a vengeance. How dare any part of me try to find pleasure in this, my most shameful moment. What kind of person could find enjoyment in this anyway?

I kept my eyes locked on a patch of dry floor to avoid looking at her, lest the tears I had just restrained force themselves out once more. Still dripping and cold legs shivering over the reflective puddle beneath me, I hugged myself with a sniffle as the elevator descended into terrible silence, one that I was sure would end with my termination. Did I deserve anything less? How could I possibly win back her favor, after forcing her to watch-

"Show me."

The command cracked the silence like a whip.

"W-what?" I gasped out in disbelief, hands grabbing the bottom of my soaked skirt and pulling it downwards just as my thighs pressed together once more, my whole body reacting to hide the area in question. I had to have misheard, because it sounded like my own boss had just commanded me to expose my piss soaked panties to her. Even with the day I'd been having I still knew that reality had limits.

Scarlett took a step closer to me and doubled down, making me look at her with her force of will and not showing any kind of hesitation as she spoke up once again. "Show me your panties. I have no doubt they're a lost cause anyway."

"But you...? You can't just-"

"Can't I?" She said, tilting her head as she cut off my rebuttal. My mouth clamped shut at the impossible force of her authority, and there was a resounding throb of arousal between my legs as her commanding aura ignited lust in my most forbidden places. Somehow being soaked in my own piss made it even more alluring, and I could only whimper in her shadow as she towered over me with admonishment. "You've soiled yourself in my elevator, all due to your own poor judgement, and in full view of a superior. Obedience is all you have to salvage this situation."

I couldn't debate her. Either my brain couldn't or wouldn't try to come up with a retort, despite the absurdity of her command and the fact that I had no logical reason to comply... I could only submit. My body felt more like her puppet than my own, and I could feel it giving in. She was the master here, and her command had to be heeded, and certainly not because my undeserving pussy was tingling with want to do her bidding. Humiliated and defeated, I grabbed the bottom of my skirt mechanically, knowing it would need to be moved for her to inspect me.

"Ah ah, get on this side first." Came the new order, startling me enough that I flinched as she pointed to the opposite end of the elevator. "I can't get close while you're in your own self made lake."

The instruction made me flinch in renewed humiliation, and my eyes dropped to the yellow puddle encircling me and pressed against the wall. It was a considerable amount of pee for a woman my size, and I would have been impressed by my ability to hold so much if I hadn't been in the middle of it all. Droplets pattered into the golden spread as I took wobbly steps to free myself, the motion shaking free more of the chilled remains that still clung to my legs and panties. Leaving a trail of wet footprints, I crossed to the other side with my head hung low in shame, well aware of her gaze with every step. I took my place in front of the wall and across from my puddle. With arms crossed she took her own spot before me, looking down to my soaked skirt as she gave her final order.

"Now, expose yourself."

A small sound escaped me as I submitted not of my own volition. Much like when the accident happened, I found myself losing control and acting out of instinct, my body giving in while my mind had plenty of reservations. I shouldn't have been doing this; she was my boss, not my master! But much like before I found myself needing it, the raw desire in my body overwhelming my senses despite the unimaginable humiliation holding me back. Grabbing the edge of my skirt once more, I began to lift it, bunching the fabric as I slid it up my thighs to expose more soaked skin. I looked anywhere but at her as all of my most private parts were brought into the light. Every inch ticked by until I finally reached the bottom of my panties, which I hesitated on just long enough to draw an impatient ahem from her. That gave me the push I needed to finally lift the rest and show her my sopping undergarments, which she clucked her tongue at disapprovingly the moment she saw the tight, yellowed cotton.

"Just as I thought; you pissed enough to soak them through front to back. I can see through the fabric and everything." She admonished, making my face ignite with mortification as I understood. No doubt my bare pussy was visible through the piss soaked fabric. But then what right did I have to be embarrassed by that? She'd seen me urinate with full enthusiasm before her, what more was seeing where it came out of?

"I'm sorry." Was all I could whimper out shamefully, not bothering to cover myself and submitting fully to her well deserved criticism. She was right; I hadn't just leaked, I'd pissed myself until not a drop remained. I could have clamped down at any point to regain control, but I hadn't, instead choosing to let my body do what it wished and peeing until I'd been emptied and making a total spectacle of myself. What kind of self control was that?

"It's not fair of me to be too upset with you. Considering how long you kept that stream going, you really had to go." Scarlett said in her first sign of a return to her more usual forgiving self. Sniffling in surprise, I looked back up to her, my skirt held tightly in my hands as she softened her expression. For a moment I was comforted. Perhaps she'd understand that I'd done all I could, and we would be able to put all of this behind us? It would take a lot, and was far more than I deserved, but the possibility of getting back in her good graces was tempting beyond words-

Without a word, she dropped to her knees before me.
