Bursting in the Boardroom

Author: Cupcakes85

*003*2021-02-23 21:56

Here's part two!

It took everything not to jam my hands between my legs at the innocent advice. Wide eyes darting to the cup I'd set aside at the table, I felt the most powerful spasm of all almost drop me to the floor, flashbacks of the agony I'd endured just pouring the lemonade blotting out my vision. Already I was bursting at the seams; one more drop added to the flood might send me over the edge. But what choice did I have? Vivienne was at my back and completely unaware of my predicament, and there was no way I could talk myself out of this without hinting to the problem tearing me apart. Tears dotted the edge of my eyes as I reached for the cup.

"Really take your time when you drink. Think of it as this; you’re not taking a sip to calm your nerves, you're enjoying a break because you deserve one, and they must respect it." Vivienne said with a playful edge to her voice, meaning what she was telling me but quite aware of how silly it sounded. To me it was only more torment that continued to bring unreasonable amounts of pleasure with it. Just the thought of liquid passing my lips and adding to the burden, or even the mere sight of it swishing about in the cup as I lifted it to take a sip... The pressure now was like a river angry at being contained and battering against the crumbling dam I'd erected in its path to escape at all costs, leaving me uncertain I had the strength to do what needed to be done.

Sweetness that was cold and refreshing met my tongue as I took a fateful sip. It was just as delicious as it had been with every cup I'd downed without a thought before, but this time my body felt like it was screaming at me for adding more to the already insufferable burden, sending fat beads of sweat cascading down my forehead and a flush of pink to my cheeks. Trembling in a struggle I couldn't control, my free hand tried its best to subtly cram itself between my legs for additional protection. My bare pussy was throbbing and hot and aching under the strain like Atlas holding up the world, and my tiny body did everything it could just to endure, my heart hammering as I finally took my first sloppy swallow and felt the cold refreshment flow inside of me to contrast against the fire everywhere else.

It was too much. The dam of my resolve cracked under the strain like a fissure splitting the earth, opening my urethra in a split second wink of submission to the unrelenting call of nature, which was enough time for the tiniest spurt in history to escape between the squeezed and slicked up lips. A spattering of pee in beads the size of tiny teardrops rained down between my legs, with most content to gather on my pussy and mix through the slickness that had built up there from being so close to Vivienne. A few rolled down my thigh without panties to catch them, their hot and ticklish path ending only when they drained themselves, forming a web of trails just shy of my knee.

The leak gave an adrenaline surge comparable to no other, and akin to how the pressure within me had overcome the block I'd created outside, my urgency to urinate overpowered my crippling potty anxiety for one glorious moment.

"I need a break, I'm sorry, I'm not trying to be rude but I have to use the bathroom!" I gasped in a mad rush, slamming down the cup with enough force to slosh lemonade on my hands. Uncaring, I relented to the desperate need to jam my fingers against my entrance, strengthening the exit in the wake of my accident. The dampness of pee transferring to my skirt didn't even register. All I could see was the door that I hobbled to using all my might, but there was still enough coherency in my mind for me to hear a surprised but not upset voice behind me.

"Oh, uh, okay?"

Vivienne not being angry was like a blessing. This would be embarrassing beyond anything I'd ever experienced when I returned, but it wouldn't be nearly as bad as having an accident right in front of her, and she'd probably be merely confused as opposed to angry at the sudden shift in my behavior. Then we could move on and pretend none of this ever happened. Euphoria blossomed in my chest at the prospect of the inbound relief, and I knew I'd probably be in the bathroom for a while if only to get it all out, something that wasn't so bad a proposition now. Pain in my bladder became bearable again thanks to the promise of release closing in. Grabbing the doorknob in one hand, I pried the other from my privates to undo the lock, which at the beginning at all of this had slid smoothly into place.

To my devastation, I now found it frozen in its active mode, as still and immovable as stone.

Once more I yanked on the lock to disengage it. Again it didn't move, and not even a smidgen of adjustment rewarded my efforts. Smile falling from my cheeks, I became frantic and began to swivel my hand on the lock in a frenzied effort to undo it, and succeeded only in hurting my delicate fingers thanks to the strain. My other hand had similar results, with hard yanks on the handle itself producing nothing but a light rattling as the powerful lock held firm in its miniscule wiggle room.

Vivienne took a step towards me, but I didn’t notice her until she called out over the din of my frenzied escape attempts.

"Tina?"

"It's locked!" I cried back in careless panic, giving it another hard tug to show that it was stuck without hope of opening. Not having any time to be embarrassed, I whimpered in panicked fear, finding my desperation worsened to unimaginable new heights by the last second blockade.

Vivienne had nothing to offer for a few seconds. Still looking totally baffled, she approached holding a pondering hand over her chin, not yet comprehending what I was saying. "Locked? You should be able to just turn the bolt-"

"I c-can't! It's all jammed!" I said again, voice more of a high pitched squeak as I demonstrated the problem by yanking on the handle. There was nothing to show for my efforts. Bouncing on the spot, I contorted my legs together to keep another leak from spurting free, but the horrifying possibility that I had no escape made holding it so much harder. The bathroom I'd thought was coming may as well have been a million miles away, but I was no less full of piss, and the physical limit of my body had to be fast approaching. Realizing the likelihood of an accident had just shot up brought hopeless tears to my eyes.

"Here, let me try." Vivienne said helpfully, reaching the door just as I pried my fingers off and jumped backwards to give her a chance. Hoping that those toned arms I'd always admired might be strong enough to help, I watched with bated breath as she took hold of the handle, my now free hands pressing hard against the front of my crotch to help me last as long as possible. With her back turned to me, I almost bounced on the spot in a ridiculous but desperate little dance to try and hold it better, but managed to keep myself at just a tremble where I stood whilst I waited.

Again, even with all the strength of the much larger woman, the door held strong.

"Shit, it went into security lock automatically... And I didn't think to bring my override card." Vivienne huffed, giving a solid push with her shoulder to no effect. The words were so unfair I could only be incredulous.

"Why is it permanently locked?!" I asked in disbelief, wondering what God I'd offended to end up trapped in a nightmare. There was only this one way out, and somehow it had magically frozen the lock, all while one of its occupants was dying to use the bathroom? What were the odds of anything so unfortunate happening to anyone but unlucky me?

"It's a security program; certain doors in the office lock fully after a set amount of time. I didn't think we had any on the meeting rooms!" She explained whilst looking over the door unhappily, now exasperated and worried even without knowing the additional problem I was hiding. Seeing those emotions on her face made me certain I was doomed. Vivienne was always prepared, and had enough quick thinking skills to get out of any predicament, so if she was worried... "And like I said, I don't have the card to unlock it on me."

Full tears threatened to fall down my face. There was no hope then, and the reality of it all made my voice crack. "We're stuck?!"

"Not for long! I can request someone with clearance to swing by and let us out, shouldn't be more than half an hour." She replied quickly, finally turning to look at me in a rush so unexpected I was forced to yank my hands from my crotch. Her deep blue eyes betrayed guilt otherwise masked by her reassuring expression, and for the first time ever I found no comfort in her concern. The timetable may as well have been a hundred years. It would be a miracle if I made it another five minutes, but thirty?! Absolute panic was my only internal response; there had to be some way to get out of here in the next few minutes, this was an office building, not a prison! No part of me was ready to even bridge the possibility of having an accident while locked in with my boss.

"Is... There's no other way?!" I said in a rush, looking around for another door I knew didn't exist but had to find. My hands balled up into fists at my side to keep them from shoving back between my legs with Vivienne watching. Knuckles going white under the strain, my panic started to turn to hysteria as the walls seemed to close in, the heat between my legs throbbing in sync to the hammering of my heart. Never in my life had my mind been so focused on only one thing. I needed to get out of here and to that bathroom no matter what, and I had to do it now, if I wanted to save my dignity.

"No, there's not. I'm so sorry Tina, is it an emergency?" Vivienne replied in a soft voice, her expression holding no judgment despite my certainty that she had to find this pathetic. There had been so many opportunities to go before, why had I waited until now?! Regret like I'd never known made me want to sob, but I forced my cheeks upward into a smile that couldn't have clashed more with my tear misted eyes.

"No, of course not! I just... I was really hoping to... Have another break..." I said, fading off when a new spasm came and I halfway caved into doubling over. Only the wall of sheer determination I'd built was saving me now. My pussy was an aching and overworked dam that wasn't at all assisted by the drops of sweat trickling down my legs, each of which taunted me with callbacks to those tiny droplets of pee and how they’d felt rolling down my thighs... It was no wonder I was so easy to see through in such a state.

Vivienne continued her soft, sympathetic approach, one which I knew had to be a charade for how little I deserved it. A tender hand was laid on my quivering shoulder before she spoke. "You poor thing, you don't have to lie to me. I saw how much you had to drink, but I never considered you wouldn't be able to use the bathroom... I'm so sorry, I picked this office without doing a full check, and now you're suffering for it..."

"It's nothing! I can... I can hold it!" I snapped back on reflex, shrugging off her hand so the delightful warmth of her touch couldn't tempt me or make my task any harder than it already was. Logic told me I had no hope of making good on what I was promising myself. There was just too much to hold, and no chance of getting to a bathroom in time, try as I might to persuade myself otherwise. A quivering hand found its way between my legs even with Vivienne watching, and the desperation was so agonizing I couldn't hold back a keen despite the fingers buried in my pussy to seal the exit.

"Tina..." Vivienne said softly, sympathy clear in her voice before she perked up and offered a suggestion. "Why not pee in the trash can? It's empty, and I can turn away-"

My eyes snapped open and I interrupted her without needing to think.

"No! I can't!" Came my cry of strained defiance, the trash can in question like a beacon as her idea tore right through the fragments of my steadfast dignity. It really was my only option besides the floor, and even if I refused to accept that, the chance for relief overpowered my reason and forced me to look in its direction. Simple, black and plastic, the small but portable container would be more than enough to hold all the pee I needed out of me. There was also be no chance of leaking due to its solid build, and I definitely had the option to move it behind a table or desk for some modicum of privacy while I held it up to my-

No! Needing to pee was making me lose it! Even if I couldn't be seen, I absolutely would be heard, with my piss pattering into the bin and my stream hissing through the air... Even if she put in headphones to block those sounds out she'd still know I was peeing, and that alone was mortifying enough, so I had no choice but to stay twisted like a pretzel and keep fighting. "I can't do it! I have to hold it!"

"Please, if you're in pain, it's okay."

My eyes were squeezed shut now to keep the tears from falling, but I knew her tender expression was still looking at me, and even with my world crumbling apart I felt familiar fluttering in my heart at her compassion. But how would she feel when the deed was actually done? There was no way she'd want me at her side tomorrow to give this presentation, and I had to believe if I actually peed myself she may just fire me to avoid having such incompetence around in the future. Logic disintegrated entirely at the prospect of losing her approval for good.

"It's not okay!" I whimpered between the first tears to fall, dropping my other hand as the lips of my pussy felt heat that once again I couldn't be certain wasn't wet. A nonsensical plan to force myself to just keep holding it gave way to something far more insane; I had to get through this door. There was no way I'd allow myself to have an accident, and one little lock was the only thing in my way, so my one remaining chance was to try and remove it. "I... I have to get to the bathroom!"

Pushing past her, I grabbed at the handle again and began to pull, heaving with all of my tiny might even as the stiffening muscles in my abdomen squashed my full bladder to create pressure so intense it burned between my legs. No amount of pain could stop me now though. I knew this was it; I was dangling over the edge of my physical limit, and the amount of time I had left was dropping down to nothing. If I was going to save myself it needed to happen now, and even as the door stood firm I refused to relent, jiggling the locked handle with all of my strength.

Vivienne put her hands on my shoulders and gently pulled me back, but made no effort to use any kind of force lest she hurt me. "Tina, it's locked! There's no way-"

"I have to! I need to go! Right! Now!" I cried out, more tears falling as the timer dropped precipitously to the end. No progress rewarded my frantic efforts. My thighs clapped together and my knees quaked where I stood, the feeble tugs on the door slowing as my strength failed me and a different kind of sensation blossomed between my legs. Tingles filled my overworked pussy as time finally ran out, the exhausted muscles hitting a limit I couldn't extend and going limp at last, leaving me to wobble on my tiny heels as the once unthinkable disaster finally became reality. "I-I can't! Oh no!"

Something like instinct forced my legs apart as almost scalding wetness filled the already slick lips of my pussy, the silky folds overflowing in a heartbeat to allow delicate beads of urine to roll where they may down my thighs to join the sweat already gathered there. A spurt was the first release of force I was able to feel, and this time my parted thighs enabled a few golden droplets to pass between and rain on the white carpet below. When another spray followed and sent tickling drops down my thighs I knew I was done and I cried out as pleadingly as I could. "P-please, Vivienne! Look away!"

Hands splaying against the door for support, I spread my legs further and squatted lower, opening up the exit beneath the tent of my skirt. Without panties in the way the first true squirt sailed right to the floor. The sensation of finally releasing made me tremble, and in moments my urethra began to open for real, allowing exit to a thin tinkle which swiftly started thickening. It went from the width of a pencil to a finger and beyond in seconds and increased the volume of its hissing in kind. A soft pattering filled the boardroom as a true stream started to soak the carpet, its flow reaching a powerful speed out of my pussy as the ocean of piss finally started to descend, creating a bright yellow puddle on the formerly white floor.

"No!" Was all I could muster in my last defense, the humiliation of wetting myself giving way to the bliss of unimaginable relief. It was so overpowering it blinded me to anything other than the pleasure. In addition to the thick and gushing stream going straight to the floor, there were also thin rivulets that instead trailed down my legs just after leaving my pussy, their warm and ticklish pathways descending my thighs and soaking the skin in moments. Around the same time the stream hit its peak the plush carpet began to sag under the strain of my growing puddle, the expensive fibers unable to soak up the endless amount of pee still surging out of me without pause and thus leaving it to spread as it wished. Feeling the strength of the flow made it clear all the lemonade I'd downed was going to take quite some time to be rid of.

Despite all of my struggling to prevent such a humiliating accident being in vain, a blissful smile pulled up the corners of my lips to replace my grimace, the easement of my suffering blotting out everything but how good each moment felt. Somehow being free of panties made the experience more delicious. In fact, the new sensation of standing up and pissing felt incredible just by itself, the position magnifying the euphoria by being so naughty and improper. I'd always been strait-laced to the point of uncomfortable stiffness, and that need for propriety had done little to aid me, in fact it was responsible for the pee shy nature that had catalyzed this exact situation. Letting go was like experiencing a lifetime of relaxation all in one heavenly experience.

Spreading my legs further on instinct, I pushed down once I felt myself near the halfway point, eager to keep the gushing pace going if only for the delight it filled my pussy with. Having an audience didn't even register. In fact, had it not been for the skirt blocking my way I would have felt so tempted to spread my lips with my fingers just to make it even easier on myself… and perhaps play a little. As it was I moaned softly and let the door take most of my weight, sticking my ass out provocatively as I took another breath to push.

Hot and ticklish spurts made their way backwards to tease the soft skin between my cheeks. Biting my lip and quivering at the new and delicious feeling, I focused on finishing up, sensing that I was nearing the end of my long overdue release. It was hard not to be a little disappointed as my bladder finally began to approach emptiness, the incredible ecstasy of pissing at full capacity making me wish it to go on forever, but at least the relief settling in all over my body was a lovely consolation prize.

As the hissing finally quieted to trickling and my stream fluctuated from a lack of piss, I cracked my eyes open and cast a glance downwards. I'd single handedly soaked through a massive section of carpet, turning it into a sodden yellow island bordering the door from end to end beside the ocean of white; quite an impressive pee for a woman of my stature. Had I been able to feel anything but satisfaction I'd probably have swelled with pride of the accomplishment. The thin stream flowing from me into the still growing mess wobbled between my legs as I gave a shiver of delight upon beholding it.

Sighing as the stream lost the power to squirt right to the floor, I contentedly noted how it shifted to flowing in a warm, lazy rivulet of piss along my legs, and I savored the delicate tickle as it gently brought me back to earth. The sluggish flow took its time to journey down and join my already dripping heels. After an eternity of delight the stream finally broke into feeble tinkling that shrunk down in fluctuating squirts to individual droplets, my compressed bladder returning to empty as the last of its contents began cooling outside of me. In the pain and panic to keep holding it I'd almost forgotten how it felt to be free of an overpowering ocean fighting to gush out of me. But now I was done, the once frantic surge of piss reduced to a few lingering drops rolling down my legs, and there was no way to convey how heavenly it was to be so empty.

"Tina...?"

*005*2021-02-24 19:33

Here's the final part! However, @Oel14

Had such a lovely idea I may have to write an alternate ending after this... There's lots of girl on girl in this one and plenty of references to pee, but no actual peeing, so if that's not your thing I understand!

A soft voice surprised me so harshly that I jumped with force great enough to rattle the door in its frame. Regaining my balance to stand lopsided on the soaked carpet, I was almost sent tumbling on my sopping heels as I whipped my head around, the upper half of my body still leaning heavily against the door and my ass presented like a gift from the posture I’d adopted to pee.

Vivienne was standing exactly where I'd last seen her, mere inches separating her scarlet heels from the great puddle of piss that had spread far behind me. Her wide eyes flipped back and forth between my face and the floor. It took my still pleasure drunk brain a solid few moments to put reality back together, specifically in regards to the weight of what I’d just done. Flicking my own gaze between her and the mess I'd made, I felt the delight warming my body transform into cold terror. The accident I’d struggled to prevent had not only happened, it had played out with absolutely lecherous delight on my part and without a trace of displayed shame for me to hide beyond now. Tears welled up in my eyes faster than ever before.

"I..." My voice faltered as I tried standing up straight on legs that kept wanting to buckle, vision going blurry as I made a feeble attempt to stand tall and salvage my professionalism. I knew it was useless from the moment I started trying. Not only had I pissed myself, I'd done so before my boss and the woman I admired more than anything, all while in my best clothes and in my own office building. To top it all off I hadn't even put up a fight once it had started, I’d simply spread my legs and peed right there. Tears fell without restraint as I turned on the spot to hide the back of my soaked skirt, which had taken more than a few errant spurts and was now clinging to my thighs and ass. Breaking up my speech with sobs I couldn’t control, I gasped out a stumbling and despairing apology, half planning to drop to my knees and beg. "I'm s-so sorry! I h-had to go so, so b-bad!"

All of me was brimming with humiliation like I'd never known, save for my disobedient pussy still tingling delightfully at the release, and I closed my eyes to shield myself from what I was certain had to be a look of revulsion. Any moment now Vivienne would tell me I was fired and had to leave the instant the office opened up. Could anyone really blame her for doing so? Who wanted a coworker who couldn't even get to a toilet in time?

A simultaneous hand on each of my shoulders made me flinch, but the words that came next were soft and reassuring instead of the tirade I’d been bracing for. "Shhh, it's okay!"

Looking up through my tears at the woman I'd always longed for, I was able to make out an expression radiating gentle comfort even through the blur, and her voice carried the same tone when she finally spoke again. "It was just an accident, it happens to everyone."

"I'm sorr-"

"Hush, no more apologies. It's not your fault the door locked." Vivienne interrupted, leaving me to sniffle as I realized she was standing with me in my own puddle just to comfort me more closely. In my humiliated state that only made me want to cry harder. There was no way I deserved this level of understanding, especially when it had been my own stupid shyness leaving me to wind up drenched from the waist down… But here was this beautiful woman holding my shoulders like I was faultless. Fresh tears dropped down my cheeks in response to the overwhelming feelings flooding through me, and I was delicate enough to be led by a gentle pull as she guided me away from the door.

"Here, let's get you cleaned up." She said quite softly, as if I might break at the noise. I was so out of sorts that I wobbled through every step despite the miniscule rise of my heels. Once hot pee began releasing its warmth upon exposure to the open air brushing by as I walked, the motion also allowing the remaining droplets to dismount at each step and fall to the floor, forming a trail of golden spots along the plush whiteness. I didn’t notice the growing mess in my fog of disbelief, as I was still struggling to believe Vivienne wasn’t disgusted by my very presence. A high class business woman should have been mortified, right? But she was as kind and tender as a person could be with her steadying hands on my shoulders, more so in fact than I'd ever seen her.

"Just lean against this, I've got wet wipes we can use to clean you off and then you can sit down." She instructed as we came to one of the center tables, her hands pushing the chairs she’d spent so long arranging aside and guiding me to rest my palms on its surface. Sitting would have felt better but also soaked anything I sat on thanks to my still dripping ass, so this light support was all I had for now. Lifting my head whilst sniffling to myself, I watched her with still growing disbelief as she moved so eagerly and quickly, my searching eyes unable to catch a single lapse in her calm focus as she grabbed the little box of wipes amidst some cleaning supplies across the room. It was looking increasingly possible she really didn’t blame me and wanted to help, no matter how little obligation she had to do so.

Having her care so selflessly in what had to be my lowest moment felt like no emotion I knew how to identify. My body registered pleasant tingles in the folds of my wet slit once again as it welcomed the mystery of my new situation, the delight akin to the pleasure of releasing I'd felt just before but more personal than primal.

As she returned holding the wipes, some part of me knew that I didn't need to take them, a kind of wordless connection to her intentions telling me it would all be handled for me. All I had to do was submit to her care.

"Hold still, let me get your legs." Vivienne said, confirming what I knew as she pulled out a fresh wipe and bent down beside me. Citrus scent filled the air from the fancy but delicate lotion soaked into the cloth for smooth application. Despite her heels she crouched with the grace of an acrobat to bring herself close, the proximity allowing her a clear view of the piss glistening on my legs. I should have been mortified by the breach of everything resembling acceptable social norms, especially given the respective positions of boss and subordinate, which made this even more inappropriate.

After all, it was one thing to be understanding, but to personally clean the piss dripping from my legs? Impropriety wasn’t sufficient enough to describe such scandal… Despite knowing all of this, I was completely submissive to the advance. In fact, I was beyond compliant as I watched her purposefully fold a towel into her hand in preparation, and offered my leg for easy reach. As I watched her make her move I was excited.

Urine soaked the wipe with yellow blossoms the moment she made contact against the back of my calf, but I was far more focused on how the touch of her hand on such sensitive skin, even if indirect, sent the start of a charged current coursing through me. Heat built in my pussy all over again, the wetness of my release mixing with a familiar kind of slickness that came about faster than it ever had before. Lingering endorphins from the rush of my forbidden accident only made it all come on stronger.

Keeping my mouth shut tight to avoid a whimper, I watched as she began to trail the towel up and down my dripping leg, her hand coming oh so deliciously close to the bottom of my skirt but stopping shy at my knee. There was something far greater than compassion in the slow wipes up and down the tender skin of my calves, or at least I thought there was. I had no clue if she was once more connecting to me on some unspoken wavelength or if I was just addled by lust, but I didn't care. Everything about this was rapidly turning me on at a level of intensity so great shame could do nothing to quell it. Gripping the table tight for balance, I hid my enjoyment and watched her for a hint of reciprocal pleasure, able to see only the top of her voluminous head of shiny black hair from my current angle.

A sudden shift in direction brought her hand to the very bottom of my inner thigh. Wonderfully sensitive skin erupted in goosebumps the moment her deft but firm fingertips swiped the towel over them using just enough speed to be read as an innocent brush, creating a synchronous burst of pleasure and frustration so great it forced me to whimper. The noise made her cast a glance up at me and pause, her eyes breaking an otherwise diligent expression to flash the devilish delight dwelling in their depths. It was enough to draw another noise unbidden from my throat, but this one was more of a helpless squeak, and so soft it could barely be heard.

"At least all the lemonade I made went to good use." She remarked using a sweetly innocent tone, her words reaching a deep, perceptive part of me and making it clear that she too was enjoying this, perhaps more than I was. As desperate as I had been for such a signal it still left me dizzy. None of this could be real; beautiful women didn't spare people like me a passing glance, and they certainly never gave loving wipe downs after you peed yourself in front of them, especially with such lecherous intent. Yet here I was, watching a woman a million miles out of my league wiping her not so innocent way further up my legs. It was the most arousing thing I'd ever experienced, to the point where pissing myself was already worth it a hundred times over, and was in fact something I would eagerly do again. I couldn't have been more grateful for how perfectly it had all fallen into place.

"Lean against the table so I can clean higher up, we don't want to miss anything." Vivienne encouraged, grabbing a new wipe as she stood briefly and letting the old fall into the tiny trash can she’d brought over. I noted it was the same bin she had advised me to pee inside with a delighted shudder. Fantasizing on what could have happened if I’d done as advised, I was interrupted when a steadying hand was laid against the small of my waist, a gentle advisory before she guided me to bend over.

The touch sent warm arcs up and down my spine to the very tips of my fingers and toes, her lingering contact making it clear her intent wasn’t innocent as she pushed me down. Complying without a thought, I pressed myself almost flat against the table, lifting my behind to expose more of my legs for the easier access she requested. Memories of assuming this position to adjust flowers earlier made me marvel at how much more comfortable it was now after having emptied my bladder. And how much more fun it was with my ass proudly on display, especially since I wanted her to be pleased with what I had to offer.

A fresh wipe was applied to the backs of my calves as she began to clean again, and this time I felt her intent with almost overbearing clarity, sensing the deep desire in every movement as she moved ever upwards to my thighs. The lotion in the wipes allowed her to glide over the skin as the sweet scent of citrus began to replace the warm tang of piss, turning the cleaning into a thrilling massage as her fingertips took a more possessive hold of me with every ascending rub. It was clear her destination was my pussy. "Vivienne-"

"Hush, it's alright, I'll take care of everything..." She soothed, making my legs tremble beneath her touch as she caressed loving fingers across tender pale skin. Had the table not been there to support me I would have collapsed from the stimulation, but even without a fall my world was a dizzying swirl of need and delighted disbelief at my fortune. From the moment I'd first laid eyes on Vivienne I'd been hooked; her curvaceous body and stunning confidence had left me fantasizing for nights on end about naughty encounters between us in and out of the office, but I'd been certain my shyness and her prestige would allow nothing to happen. Yet here we were, making fantasy into reality. Hot breaths fogged the table before me as she actually took hold of my skirt, encouraging me to take near frantic gasps for air as the moment I longed for drew closer, and a whisper from her made it quite clear how she intended to begin. "I need to give that bare pussy of yours a good wiping."

Because of how besotted I was I needed a moment to put together what she'd just revealed to me.

Snapping my head around fast enough to send blonde locks flying, I looked to her with a creeping blush that steadily overtook my face, new embarrassment flooding in to fill the gap where shameless pleasure had tried to take hold. With my skirt still down so low it seemed impossible that she could have figured out my little secret. "How did you know?"

"I knew you weren't wearing panties as soon as you leaned against the table earlier..." She replied, casual tone giving way to open mischievousness as she spoke. Dropping another wipe into the bin, she stood up once again, her far greater height more overpowering than ever. Quite suddenly but not at all to my displeasure, she took hold of my hips and pulled me towards her, domineering but careful as she set me up at the very edge of the table for ease of access. Feeling exposed even beneath the cover of my wet skirt, I had no time to defend myself before she took a firm hold of my ass through the fabric, her solid grip heedless to the still present pee and punctuating every emphasized word with a squeeze. "You have such a round, bouncy ass; did you really think I couldn't tell there weren't panty lines on these fat cheeks?"

Blush intensifying to a no longer subtle scarlet stretching from ear to ear, I found myself embarrassed anew but simultaneously exhilarated, putting it all together to realize that she had not only known all this time, but had been enjoying it in total secret. Had she perhaps started by catching an eyeful and then allowed herself to enjoy it while I remained oblivious? Only to now have the chance to partake in her desire? Hips twitching to push myself more completely into her hand, I spoke in a bashful murmur despite the fire of desire growing in my pussy, almost unable to believe I was here and certain I was about to wake from this heavenly dream. "I forgot them... it was an accident..."

"You're having a lot of those today, aren't you?" Came a teasing coo, her hand hefting one of the cheeks before allowing it to drop back into place with a jiggle. Still soaked from my accident, the fabric clung to me like a wetsuit to brazenly display the heavy weight of my disproportionate backside. A naughty chuckle made it clear she approved of the look. In the place of my former hesitation came an unyielding desire to encourage her, lest she change her mind about this impromptu escapade, and I arched my back to lay out everything I had as an offering. Gentle fingertips ghosted over the curve of my ass to test its surprising girth, making me arch in open invitation for more intimate action.

Plump lips brushed my ear and whispered to make my skin flush anew after each hot breath. "I'll need this skirt out of the way to really clean you off." Hearing those words and realizing what was coming made me moan in a voice so high and soft I didn't recognize it as my own, but hands on either side of my hips quickly silenced me. Another whisper carried the same tone of delightful mock innocence she’d used before. "Don't be shy; it's just us girls here."

I was no longer capable of feeling anything resembling shyness as she began to pull the fabric upwards. All I could register was uncontrollable lust throbbing within the walls of my pussy so intensely I felt the beat of my heart in them, alongside the slickness of lubrication mixed beautifully with the ample amount of piss. Having never exposed myself to anyone, the thought of Vivienne being first to see my uncovered pussy made me cling to the table in overwhelming desire, my thighs spreading in enthusiastic welcome as I felt her increase her speed. More than anything I wanted to show how devoted I was to giving myself to her.

Cold air greeted still dripping skin as the skirt was lifted upwards to reveal my most private places, stretches of pale flesh greeting the light as the bunching of the fabric squeezed out some of the absorbed pee and sent droplets rolling down my shivering legs. Moments later my soft and forbidden upper thighs were on display. Vivienne chuckled as she touched one and I shuddered, the contact far too intense to resist whatever first reaction overtook my body.

It was made even better when she began to stroke her bare hands up and down, again heedless to the still ample piss transferring to her in the process. Everything between my legs became the epicenter of my growing arousal. Clenching in anticipation, my slit throbbed from the thought of her seeing me, and its slickness grew as I fantasized about what she would do to me once I was exposed. Did I really have a thorough cleaning incoming as promised? Would she be satisfied just to wipe me down? For the sake of my pussy I prayed she felt free to do far more…

In a single fluid pull the remaining fabric of my skirt was yanked over the mounds of my ass and bunched up around my waist, exposing the entirety of my uncovered privates to both the sunshine pouring in from outside and Vivienne’s hungry gaze. The light illuminated the still soaked skin and made my cheeks and lips glisten to show off the ample pee and lubrication. On reflex everything between my legs clenched at the exposure, an action that only drew far more attention to it all. A wide and bountiful ass turned a pretty pink in response to my full body flush of arousal, making it a lovely neighbor to my slick and ready pussy. Gasping hard at the sensation of warm breath on forbidden skin, I laid myself flat and spread my legs as wide as they could go in my position, standing on the very tips of my toes to showcase it all for her. Bare hands took hold of my now bared squishy cheeks and spread me for a thorough inspection in response to the position.

"Goodness, how did you hold it all in? There's so much dripping still..." She remarked with genuine awe, matching my earlier pride when I'd first beheld the size of my release and marveled at the grand lake I’d left on the carpet. For someone of my stature I had genuinely held far more than most ever would have assumed I could; the ocean of piss that had gushed out of me was quite impressive in its width even now as it cooled by the door. However, having my pussy in her face, I didn’t care too much about my pride.

All I wanted was for her to do something, anything to my body, and glistening lips winked in a blatant display of welcome as I wiggled my ass to show that want. Taking the bait in the most taunting way possible, she drew a fresh wipe over the curve of my cheeks, focusing on my broad expanse of ass despite the obvious need in my bared pussy. Delicate folded cloth was soaked through in moments as it left its sweet scent across the quivering expanse of my behind. Whistling in awe, Vivienne tossed it aside and went back to appreciating the sight before her, spreading me with her hands once again for what I thought was a better view. "I don't think towels are going to cut it, I'll have to use something else."

Even hindered by my inexperience I was able to catch the illicit intent in her words. The mere possibility of the act I hoped she was alluding to almost made me weep, but I hadn’t a clue how to ask her if she meant what I thought she did, especially as my tongue had become tied by the thrill of it all. Thankfully she was a woman of independent action who left me no need to inquire. Dexterous thumbs slipped between my thighs and spread my lips wide, opening up my hot, wet slit to the cool office air and leaving nothing to the imagination.

Another gasp shifted into a moan of euphoria, my aching pussy throbbing that much harder in her grasp and tingling with raw delight. She played for her own satisfaction before beginning in earnest; circling her thumbs into the heated skin and eagerly using my own piss as lubrication to do so, drawing forth more slickness to my already glistening pussy. Hungry eyes surveyed it like a queen admiring her gold, and I strained to push myself into her grip to show my submission, eager to be surveyed like the most coveted of treasures. Stars burst in my vision as I felt a possessive thumb test my clit beneath a taunting rub.

A hot breath against my entrance drew out a shaky moan, and my whole body twitched backwards in response to the ravishing I now knew was coming, my fingers clinging to the table as I cried out for mercy. "Vivienne!"

"Shhh... There's nothing to be so tense about, just relax..." Her voice was a muffled whisper as she took a knee between my legs, a change in posture which left me shaking hard enough to rock the table. My clit was fully erect and ready for her, filling my entire lower body with electric bursts of anticipation that felt delightful as well as agonizing. All of the buildup had me feeling as full as I had when I’d been desperate to pee, only this time it was unparalleled tension threatening to make me burst if relief didn’t come. White knuckles marked my death grip on the table as she came in for her final approach. "Now hold still so I can make sure you're all cleaned up."

Something hot and nimble and wet and so deliciously eager plunged into my pussy in time to a synchronized sound of hunger from the depths of her throat, one muffled by the fat heft of my cheeks as her face dug itself as deeply between my legs as her mouth could reach. Like a starved beggar, she focused nowhere in particular and instead dined on whatever she fancied in the moment, swiping her tongue along every pee-soaked inch without a care. The overwhelming surge of it all hit me like a solid force of nature.

Shapely legs almost buckled from the pleasure filling every inch of my being, forcing cries so loud and shameless past my lips that I once again couldn't recognize them as my own. Vivienne was a passionate artist, her tongue seeking out every little fold of my attention starved pussy and lavishing it with all the licking and sucking it needed, humming in adoration all the while to add vibrations to the euphoric mix. Having just had my accident somehow made it even better; the great strain of holding it for so long and then releasing in a burst had primed my body to a level of sensitivity ideal for this heavenly stimulation.

Sweat beading on my heated skin registered in my hazy mind as I started building to orgasm in moments. The effect was so great pretty pink blushes along every exposed inch were given a lovely sheen as I squirmed on my stomach, overwhelmed by the skillful tongue cleaning my weeping pussy to the point where controlling my movements bordered on impossible. Desperate need to release the tension building to excess between my legs commandeered all of my senses, forcing them to work only on achieving climax, a pursuit she helped streamline considerably when she took my clit between her lips. Hard sucking on the pulsing bud forced me to shove my ass against her using all the strength I could spare, moaning in time as my pussy throbbed between her plump lips in ecstasy.

A gaping emptiness struck me like a blast of cold water when she pulled away, but before I could even cry out I was flipped over on the table like a weightless toy, my back going flat on the wood as my legs spread high in the air above me to flounder in shock. Dripping heels stayed pointed skyward as I finally focused my attention on the woman before me. Vivienne glistened nose to chin with my slick juices, her eyes feral as she stood from kneeling to tower above my vulnerable body, putting me so firmly into the role of submissive I yelped when she bent over me in a rush.

"Need... all of you out, so I can clean it." She gasped, voice so husky I knew she was just as compromised by lust as I was. Grabbing the top of my blouse with commanding authority, she yanked it apart after one decisive pull, popping the buttons open down to my navel to reveal a simple white bra across my heaving chest. A cry of very pleased surprise expressed my approval of the rough initiative. Forceful but skillful hands went straight for the clasp containing my breasts, delighting me thanks to a kind of direct authority I'd never known could be so good to submit to, making me feel small and obedient and oh so happy to be as such. Domination, it seemed, absolutely thrilled me.

After one click my breasts were freed from their cups, revealing pink nipples long since hardened by desire atop perky tits that jiggled after every gasp. Vivienne’s eyes lit up at the sight and a growl passed her crimson lips.

"God they're adorable..." Was all I heard before she dove in to ravish this new part of me, cupping each breast for a squeeze as her wet lips trailed hungry kisses along my chest. Keens of delight and a hard arch of my back were my encouragement for her to do as she pleased, which she eagerly did by enveloping the tip of a breast between her warm lips. The same tongue that had circled my clit now did so around a pert pink nipple, making me moan and shudder but also twitch my hips to request further attention down low.

Incredible as it was to have her suck on my tits, I needed greater stimulation to reach the orgasm I knew would free me of this unbearable tension, and my wet and gaping pussy was where said attention needed to be.

In a near blinding flash of awe at my own ineptitude, I realized my hands were free to do as they pleased, and without another moment of delay I shoved trembling fingers between my legs and started to rub.

Hard circles massaged into my clit whilst a hot tongue lavished my tender breasts, sending my whole body spasming in delight from the dual stimulation. Between the loving kisses and gentle nips on my chest and the waves of pleasure rewarding my desperate masturbation I was soon building to my much-needed orgasm. Using my new vantage point I could truly appreciate everything being done to me. Vivienne was somehow more beautiful than ever before; an expression of concentration and reverence gracing her sculpted features as she sucked one breast and cupped the other, all accented by her gorgeous waves of black hair cascading down her back in shiny locks that bounced in sync to every movement, making her look almost too perfect to be real.

A shift in her posture squished a heaving chest down against my bare midriff as she came closer. I was so blown away by the unbelievable weight and warmth I could only moan at the privilege of being so close to her flawless tits, especially as they settled on the arm pumping so hard between my legs. A particularly desperate rub of my hand sent them jiggling, catching her attention and drawing her off my own breasts with a smile. "Trying to help me out? You're so sweet."

“I wanted- “

My babbling stopped when she dropped back to her knees and dove into my pussy without further ado, resting my legs over her shoulders whilst pulling my sticky fingers aside so her tongue could take their place on my clit. The swap was completed and I laid flat on my back just as I automatically took over pleasuring my tits, the dampened nipples fitting in between my fingers for a perfect squeeze to amplify the pleasure of her mouth returning to sucking and licking. Getting right back to my impending orgasm took moments.

Coiling pleasure built every instant that she lavished my pussy with affection bordering on worship, motivating me to wrap my legs about her head to encourage her. My breasts bounced in my hands in time to every thrust of my hips into her perfect mouth, which only made squeezing them all the more delightful as I rocked my sweat dappled body on the table, heedless to the debauchery of it all in the bliss of near completion. Heaven itself couldn't have compared to what was happening in this boardroom.

The most beautiful woman I'd ever known was worshipping my pussy with voracious enthusiasm, turning fantasies into a perfect reality, and bringing me to the edge of an ecstasy higher than any I'd ever known. In the depths of my pussy I felt my frantic heartbeat pounding in anticipation, the powerful coil of pleasure in my body preparing to burst at any moment. A hard squeeze of my hips and a moan of her own into my clit finally took me just over that great ledge, letting me dangle for a single instant... Before I could have ever hoped to comprehend the power of it all I was sent soaring by a finger gliding inside my entrance to set off my sweet spot.

Spasms rolled through my yielding body as I came in waves of delight so intense they burst inside me like fireworks, every surge of ecstasy filling me with warmth and pleasure so powerful they threatened to overload my senses. Vivienne worked in masterful sync to every throb, her tongue and lips enveloping my pulsing clit whilst her finger massaged my G Spot with firm thrusts, bringing out the most of every second of an already world rocking orgasm. Passionate squeezes of my own breasts only added to my delight. Through it all I trembled from head to toe at the marvelous unleashing of tension that was so similar to my prior release of pee it was impossible not to compare the two, a similarity I moaned at all the more loudly when thinking of how good it had felt to piss myself.

In my mind I let it all play again as I came; the impossible determination to hold it, the final submission to the inevitable, and then the glorious flow of hot, wet piss down my legs... All in view of the woman cradling my ass and sucking my pussy as if I were the most precious thing in the world. It was enough to have my head rolling back as I cried out for every last pulse of my orgasm from beginning to end, my hips twitching in perfect time until the overwhelming sensations began to grow gentler and give way to the afterglow. Vivienne maintained her superhuman pace without fail to the very last pulse, after which her mouth was drawn back and her fingers slid free. Plump lips left my pussy with a tender parting kiss as she pulled away for a few deep breaths of her own.

"There, see? Isn't it all better?" She cooed in a breathless voice she either couldn’t or didn’t care to try and control. Unable to even lift my head to look at her, I nodded as much as my neck would allow and let my limbs lay where they settled, my bare chest rising and falling in a series of deep breaths to soothe my body back to earth, something made far easier by the warm contentment flowing through me. I'd never known I could be so satisfied, a feeling that revealed to me how needlessly stressed I’d been my entire life if this was what true contentment felt like. If given the option I never would have gotten up again.

"I'll admit, you held it in much longer than I expected. When the door locked itself like I planned I was certain you'd give up right then... But you kept fighting until the very end. I was hoping for something exciting, and you certainly delivered."

Fluttering my eyes open at the unexpected but not unwelcome confession, I found enough strength to tilt my head to the side where Vivienne was standing, and saw her dabbing at her soaked face with a wipe like a restaurant patron after a fine meal. Only minor flaws in her otherwise perfect makeup indicated she’d done anything strenuous, and her lipstick was somehow the least affected. A delighted and devious smile answered part my first question even before I could ask it.

"You... You wanted me to have an accident?"

Finishing her tidy up and tossing the cloth aside, she approached my limp body with the same little bin of wipes from before, which she promptly set on the table beside me. Looking thoughtful for a moment, she began to talk as she leaned in to clean the damp expanse of my chest, taking on a more tender version of her dominant role. Cool lotion from the wipe felt like heaven against my hot skin, and I practically purred whilst she went to straighten my opened top, explaining herself as she tenderly took hold of my bra. "In a matter of speaking... All I really had planned was filling you with my "special" lemonade and locking the door, at which point I supposed you would use the little plastic trash bin. Watching you piss down your legs was a lovely surprise, to say the least."

"B-but... why?" I stammered, so baffled I sat upright as she finished latching and adjusting my bra. Without the thrill of the moment, the general laws of reality were returning in a rush, specifically how everything I’d experienced failed to make sense on any practical level. It was impossible enough to believe Vivienne had claimed me in the heat of the moment, but to hear she'd planned not only to make a move, but my accident as well, and had executed such a plan so seamlessly? My poor little mind could only take so much.

To my surprise she just chuckled, as if I was the one making no sense. Laying a playful kiss on my temple, she began buttoning up my top without a hitch, looking at me with the excited eyes of someone revealing very good news. "Because I knew you'd love it. I've been watching you pine after me long enough to know you very intimately, to the point I noticed things you tried so hard to deny... You always hold yourself to such rigid propriety, even when you know it’s not for you, shy as you are… I’ve seen enough to know the adorable strait-laced ones like you want to let loose the most."

"I'm cute?" I squeaked in reply, blushing at the praise despite the fact that my pussy was still out and slick from our recent escapades and my ass was now settled in a puddle on the table. Once again my reaction drew a laugh from her, and she left another affectionate kiss on my forehead as she finished buttoning up and brushing the wrinkles from my top. In the still delightful fog of the afterglow the tender gesture broke my expression of confusion with a soft smile.

"You're adorable. I had to take this opportunity to break the ice, or you would have stayed in your self imposed shell forever, and I couldn't let you lose the chance to be yourself. I'll freely admit I was more than a tiny bit motivated by my own desires."

Every word jumpstarted my thoughts, kicking my foggy mind into action just enough for me to comprehend what had really transpired. Vivienne had planned all of this, even to the point of ensuring the lemonade itself would make me desperate and I’d have no options of escape beyond me relieving myself right in front of her, all because she wanted me to experience something truly erotic and out of control. There was no denying she had succeeded, and that I had indeed never felt more alive than I was right now. Not to mention her motivation had roots in an attraction apparently shared between us...

"I'm part of those desires?" I said simply, framing the statement as a bit of a question thanks to disbelieving I could really be so lucky. To have a woman so beautiful want me, and then plan an elaborate scheme just to pleasure me and show me all the wonderful things I'd have never accepted I enjoyed otherwise; luck of such a variety was something you’d only see happening in fiction to people much prettier than myself.

A full laugh came in response to the mostly rhetorical query, which sent my heart fluttering anew. In addition to her bountiful curves, heaving chest and gorgeous raven hair, when Vivienne let out a full laugh it was the most enchanting sound I'd ever heard, and it still brought weakness to my dangling legs. Deep blue eyes met mine with levity in their depths. "I didn't just go down on you to be polite, Tina."

"Oh my gosh..." Was all I was capable of responding with, my hands rising to my cheeks in a bashful reflex. Just hearing her say it made the fact she'd done it all the more real and wonderful. What I'd feared would be my undoing had turned my world around for the better, as if I'd been freed from all the anxiety always holding me down in one explosive and, quite literally, orgasmic burst. I'd never felt so giddy over anything in my life.

"But for all the hassle, please let me clean you up for real." She said gently but seriously, encouraging me to lie back as she grabbed one of the thankfully plentiful wet wipes. Falling into the role of submissive as naturally as I drew breath, I opened up my sopping pussy to her, spreading my legs to reveal every inch of glistening skin. The entirety of my inner thighs was soaked with my own piss and slickness after what she'd done to me. Not to say I minded, in fact I was loving every second of the mess, especially as she began to wipe the cool cloth over the heated insides of my legs. Every motion was sensual but also tender, her soft smile bringing it all together to cement her place as my caring dominant. I had to hold back a not so quiet sigh of appreciation as she continued to speak. "I have spare clothes in my own office and the key to get us out of here once I'm done, if you'd like to change."

As much as I loved my current look for how it pleased her, the thought of something not pee soaked was definitely lovely for the near future, especially considering I still had to get home. The idea of her changing me also had implications I'd want to recall for later use... However, the thought of leaving reminded me the outside world did indeed keep going even as I enjoyed my little piece of heaven in a boardroom, and that the rules would be in effect at some capacity the moment I stepped out. Despite how wonderful this chaos had been I needed to have a few questions answered going forward. "What happens after we’re done here?" Looking at her hopefully when she glanced up from her work, I tried to convey how dearly I wanted the fun to continue in a quiet but earnest tone. I needed her to know my stuffy old life was not something I wanted to return to. "What do you and I do after today?"

"Tomorrow we give a shitty presentation to a room of assholes." She said simply, giving me a twinge of worry before she rapidly shifted her tone following a playful rub of my pussy through the cloth. Gasping in elated surprise, I all but melted into her arms when she purred out the rest of her proposal. "After we’re done, the day is ours, same for every day following if you like..."

"Yes!" I gasped out with almost palpable excitement, my contented body creating new heat at all the wonderful possibilities just ahead of us. There was so much about myself begging to be explored after such a revelation, especially if this experienced woman wanted to help me try it all. A glance back at the doorway put a bit of a damper on my plans when I saw the massive yellow lake I'd left in the carpet. Beneath my bare behind, a not insignificant slickness on the table added to the same problem, making me avert my eyes as I brought up the issue I had almost forgotten. "Oh, but the presentation... What do we do about my... Um... I made a bit of a mess…"

Vivienne didn't hesitate to wave her had as if to dust away the issue itself. "I know a crew who can come in and deep clean everything, I'd have hired them to do our setup for us, but I simply had to jump on the chance for some alone time…And don’t worry, my people are paid well enough not to ask questions."

"Can they... clean other rooms? If we need them to?" I asked a little more boldly, reaching down to lay my hands on hers as she brought in another wipe. Reading me thanks to the same clarity that had led us here, she happily let me move my hand alongside hers as she lingered over my pussy for an instant I swore felt like a blessed eternity, the intimacy of having both our fingers brushing my most sensitive spot bringing new heat to my cheeks. Guiding me to the very edge of the table for an embrace so sudden it felt almost protective, she bowed her head to bring her forehead to mine. Hot breaths met my lips as she spoke.

"But of course. We'll probably have so many meetings to practice for, we may just need to go through every room in the building." She finished her whisper before starting an especially loving rub of my clit, bringing in her lips to mine as I gasped and trembled from fantasies of everything stretching before me. "I'll bring the lemonade."

Lips met in a slow but deep kiss that was broken only by my tiny mewls of delight, her hands finding all the proper spots to entice as she continued to tease me through the wipe as it grew useless soaking up the results of her earlier attempt to clean me out, not that she allowed such things to slow her down. Through the kiss I could feel a deep well of emotions, like her passion to please me and her need to have me in every way possible, but above those feelings what stood out most was the taste. Perhaps I was still in a fog, but I could have sworn when her tongue met mine, I caught just the tiniest hint of lemonade.

*007*2021-02-24 20:45

{{20 hours ago, Oel14 said:

Very very good again!

I really wish I had this much talent to write compelling stories.

Thank you so much for writing!

I'm really curious how this will continue. If you're not sure yet, maybe Vivienne will also drink and hold a lot for a long time until she wets herself to make Tina feel better?

}}

Thanks!! I'm sure you could, I only got this good through practice!

That's a brilliant idea, I'm really considering doing an alternate ending where that happens!

{{14 minutes ago, orangelion said:

This story is amazing! I love how detailed it it

}}

Thank you!! I work so hard on details, I'm glad to see it pays off!
