Late Night Watering (MLP)

Author: Cupcakes85

*000*2022-05-23 18:54

Please let me know if you enjoy, and if you really like this I'm open for commissions!

Though she knew the layout of their old home well enough to trot it backwards in her sleep, Princess Luna had yet to memorize the entirety of the Canterlot Castle, leaving her in need of a guide for visits to areas she rarely traveled. At present such a pony wasn't available, so she was on her own as she hurried through the hallways branching off from the ballroom, her magical mane flowing well behind her as she hurried. The area was one of the few where only castle staff and royalty had permission to travel, so she was quite alone as she cantered down a dark hallway.

At least that meant she was free of witnesses when she skidded to a halt and crossed her back legs in a rush, color rising to her cheeks as a soft keen echoed down the window lined hall. Sweat dampened her dark coat, beading along her forehead and going flying as she looked about the tight quarters with rapid twists of her neck. Even with her darkness adjusted eyes she found nothing and no one to help her. For all of her struggle that was just as well, she'd have combusted if one of her subjects saw her in her current state...

What would they do if they saw a potty dancing princess anyway?

Hot pain burst across her marehood in a spasm, the muscles seeming to throw a tantrum at her adamant refusal to give them a break, and she was left hopping from side to side. Thighs crammed together and slick with sweat, the mare tried to give herself some light to search by with her horn, only to whimper when the concentration sent another jolt of pain down her hindquarters. There wasn't a way to use her powers without creating the very disaster she wanted to avoid.

Worse, she was no longer just away from the party, she was rather turned around. It would take time she didn't have to get back to the crowd, and by then she'd be at her limit, if she didn't lose control on the way.

Another burst of agony made her cry out, rump dropping so she could shove her heel against her marehood. There was already more dampness than she wanted to acknowledge on her marehood, though hopefully it was nothing more than sweat... a great deal of it.

"Why didn't you just go when you woke up?" she asked herself, voice a croaky whisper in her current state as she rocked her hips from side to side. Memories of her private room and the attached bathroom mocked her with how easily she could have avoided her current predicament; if only she'd gone just as the sunset woke her, when she had first felt the fullness of her bladder throbbing between her legs... Oh, but she'd been so confident in her ability to hold, even when she'd learned this party was occurring and required her to make an appearance... The line to the bathrooms was probably just as long now as it had been when she'd left, especially with a number of the restrooms closed for renovations.

Thinking of a toilet made her spasm again, and this time a shock of hot wetness dribbling down her inner flank sent cold adrenaline through her veins. Bouncing her back legs, she started up her search again, looking for a bathroom that wasn't blocked by a line of ponies. Without a soul for company the clopping of her hooves over the pristine tile was loud enough to make her wince, and her own haggard breathing was no more subtle, her soft whimpers of pain growing louder with every step. All she had to be thankful for was privacy, with nothing but the occasional statue in the moonlight to judge her for being in such a predicament.

Princess Luna came to a shaky and sudden halt by one of the many windows, her back legs trembling as a series of soft cries left her lips and her legs wound themselves together. It was all trying to burst out then and there, threatening to overwhelm her floodgates and gush onto the tile below...

Tears burned in her eyes as she looked out on the darkened landscape; the forest beyond beckoned to her, inviting her to relieve herself as she had many times before while out on patrol. All she ever needed was a tree and a heft of her tail... Had she the strength or time she'd have gladly taken to the skies and found the edge of the forest, but her wings were locked at her side now, frozen like the rest of her thanks to how coiled she was. All her body allowed was a tightening of her crossed legs and a soft sound of despair as more heat dribbled down her thighs.

Not here, not here... Merciful Midnight, I can't do it here!

But what could she do?? There was nowhere to go, she didn't have the capacity to get somewhere appropriate, and she had to pee...

Some terrible madness, brought on by an unbearable need to urinate, compelled her to take the path of least resistance. Nopony knew she was here, and there probably wouldn't be anypony coming through these halls until morning... If there was anything left at all by then it would be impossible to tell where the puddle came from, and her greatest humiliation would be mopped up like it had never occurred in the first place. Such intense desperation clouded her mind to the point that the idea seemed absolutely brilliant. Who cared about dignity when so much was at stake? Even better, if she seized the opportunity now when there was no one around, there'd be no chance of her getting caught. Temptation tugged at the tail she'd plastered over the exit, compelling it to rise and reveal a glimpse of her marehood, the delicate folds puffy and sore thanks to all of her holding-

"No!" she stopped herself from peeing with a cry of defiance, but her bold resistance petered out with another keen of pain, her labia burning from the overexertion. Though she didn't lose a drop, she was left standing in the same spot and enduring the same predicament, her side heaving to catch her breath. There was too much pride in her to lose control, but there was also far too much piss for that ideal to last, meaning she had this brief window in which to make a decision. At this point she was in damage control and accepted that nothing would be perfect... though surely there was somewhere more or less dignified a princess could pee, right?! Somewhere out of the way, free of witnesses, and that would let her keep some measure of her dignity...

Rythmic agony in her urethra, like a captive banging against an exit, formed the backdrop of her decision. Barely coherent and ready to burst, the mare took one final look around. Darkness at both ends of the hallway made her feel quite isolated, though there was still nowhere that made for an obvious back up toilet. Shimmering light from the countless windows danced across the marble tiles as her eyes darted about, the statues of ancient heroes all flanked by pristine pots and vases of rare flowers that gave the hall a wiff of sweetness.

A mix of a pained cry and a frustrated sigh passed her muzzle as she failed to find a solution. A million fineries, but not a single-

Wait.

An instinct within her realized the potential of the plants before her conscious mind could even register the wilted fronds of the closest one, and by then she was already hobbling over, trying not to spurt with every step. Knowing relief was potentially at hoof gave her the strength to hold just a little longer, though there was still wetness on her fur that would need to be dealt with.

In the full light of the moon she was just able to maneuver the pot with her shaking hooves, her chest heaving as she pulled it close and moved the withered leaves aside. A glance inside and a quick bit of mental math found the pot roughly big and deep enough, she hoped, to contain the full capacity of her bladder without overflowing. It would help that the plant inside was dry and withering; hopefully it would by thirsty enough to drink up everything she gave it...

Securing the pristine ceramic between her hooves, Luna bit her lip and shoved herself behind a tiny outcrop between two towering statues so she had some hint of privacy, securing her coiled self as out of sight as her size allowed. Granted, there was a towering window at her side, but she reasoned it was dark enough that she didn't have to worry about that. The real threat came from being stumbled upon whilst she was powerless to move. Smushing her side against the cold glass and bracing her forehead against the statue at her front, Luna prayed she'd also be quiet enough not to draw attention, blushing even harder at the fact she needed to be worried about such things.

A hot sting filled her marehood as she pushed the plant behind her, the darkness and her own lack of experience going under such circumstances making it hard to be sure she wasn't about to shower the hallway, not that she had the time to care. Trying not to feel too humiliated, she spread her legs and squatted like a dog, aiming herself at the pot she'd placed between her legs and behind her rump. Quaking as the ocean prepared to gush forth, she nearly choked on her humiliation as she settled into position, lifting her tail to expose her shame to the open air.

She didn't even need to "go" thanks to her desperation; the opportunity for relief kicked her body into action, a sense of warm relaxation washing over all the parts of her that had been so tormented and compelling them to release their tension. Heat flooded her cheeks as she felt herself giving in, her senses primed for intruders even as she recognized stopping would be impossible.

Tail hefting high and out of the way, Luna gasped and twitched as her labia partef suddenly, the cold night air sending a bolt tingling up her spine and a quiver along the length of her back. It was all it took.

Endorphins tingling along her shaking body, the Princess had to bite her lip to avoid gasping at the first spurt to willingly pass her labia, the hot droplets of piss sprinkling the wilted plant below to gather on the leaves like golden dew. Holding it for so long made letting go a slow process, but she didn't need to expend effort on anything but maintaining her aim, her floodgates naturally easing open beneath the astounding pressure inside her. Soft gasps from her open mouth were the only quiet cue to what she was doing. At first it was overwhelmingly sharp thanks a veritable ocean of piss rushing for the exit, but after a few precious moments she finally felt the pieces fall into place. Her urethra relaxed, her tail went limp across her flank, and the floodgates eased open at long last...

In the silent hallway, she heard her tinkle pattering against the dirt before she even realized she was going for real, the sound of release like music to her twitching ears. It was the tiniest stream she'd ever known at the start, thinner than the knib of a delicate quill, but it didn't take long for it to thicken. Soft hissing merged with the delicate sound of her flow splashing into the dirt, and as out of place as it was she knew the noise would be recognizable to anypony as soon as they heard it. That should have put her on edge; anypony unlucky enough to stumble into the hallway would have been able to tell what she was doing before they even saw her, but she found it impossible to care, let alone worry.

"Ahhhhh..."

Fog blossomed on the window as she let out a heavy sigh, her sweat soaked forehead resting against the cool glass and her eyes lidding with bliss as she felt it at long last; relief.

From between her parted labia, a thin tinkle sped up until it was a proper waterfall, the flow landing perfectly in the center of the pot save for the occasional brush against the wilted leaves. Princess Luna shifted her hooves for greater comfort, keeping herself close to the pot so she didn't overshoot and make a mess on the tile below, not that she could do much about the small amount spattering to the floor... There was no controlling such a high velocity stream in such tight quarters. Enjoying herself too much to care, she sighed again, cracking open her eyes as the first rush of urine lost some of its power.

Looking out on the empty moonlit landscape as her stream slowed, the Princess pushed down on her bladder without delay, needing only to give a tiny squeeze before she was once again gushing at full capacity.

Taking a moment to look back at her progress, Luna had to hold back a naughty smile when she beheld the window fogging from the heat of her release, the clear glass becoming nearly opaque from the heat she was letting off. That was to say nothing of how much she'd already made; the bone dry dirt was now struggling to soak up her piss fast enough to keep it from climbing the rim, forcing her to hold back a little lest she overflow her impromptu toilet. Even better, the plant itself seemed to have perked up from the refreshing drink and shower, the plumpening folds rising up to caress her rump.

Letting out another sigh as her streamagged, Luna took the time to push again, feeling her bladder dropping to a much more bearable level as she did so. There was still so much, but compared to the ocean she'd been enduring the weight of for hours on end, this felt quite... pleasant. In fact, her whole body was almost tingling with electric relief. Warm bliss pulsed through her as she peed, encouraging her to keep going and free every last drop.

By the second half her urine was splashing into a puddle that the plant couldn't absorb, fat droplets flying off the impact point to land everywhere from the plant to the floor to the unfortunate statue behind her. Whatever brave hero had been immortalized in the carved crystal, they didn't seem to mind getting caught in the crossfire of her release, their determined gaze remaining forward. Though she had every intention of cleaning them up, for the moment it just added to the naughty fun she was having. This wasn't the kind of activity she usually indulged in...

For the first time since she'd started her stream truly fluctuated, the audible hiss sputtering from the lack of flow and giving her enough time to catch the breath she wasn't aware of losing before she pushed again.

Almost... Almost...

Tender whispers to herself encouraged her to keep going at a dutiful pace, her tail staying raised as she dropped her butt closer to the pot. A lagging stream made aiming a tad bit harder in the tight space, encouraging her to look back and watch herself to ensure she didn't miss completely as she finished her business. The first good look made her blush; a fine mist covered absolutely everything in a small radius. Closer inspection revealed herself to be equally damp, her exposed cheeks dripping from the backsplash she'd been sustaining her entire release, and that was to say nothing of her sopping marehood. At least it was better than an accident...

Jaw going slack and eyes slightly crossing, Luna pushed herself until she was pissing a thin dribble, holding her rump over the pot to ensure the final drops all fell where they needed. A few weak spurts helped her finish the job more quickly, and with one she unexpectedly found herself completely empty, the sensation almost foreign to her after so much desperation.

Quivering from the exertion and the countless feelings surging through her, the Princess stumbled into a standing position, leaving her little space to stretch her legs. Making it only a few wobbly steps, she savored the warm satisfaction in her belly before sighing in near disbelief.

This feels... so much better...

A touch of curious compulsion made proved too much to ignore. Turning around, facing the window and the plant she'd showered, she got her first clear look at her work.

By now the plant had been able to soak up everything, but it was still dripping atop its sopping soil, the leaves sagging beneath the weight of her downpour. It actually looked a great deal healthier than when she'd started... Even the wilted stem seemed to have plumped up, rising to the occasion to swell and fill the fine ceramic.

However, her release had been far from clean outside the pot, and there was a not insignificant amount of piss dripping down the ceramic sides... and resting in droplets down the floor... and dribbling down the statue... and running down the window...

That was to say nothing of the wetness covering her backside, which was catching a draft she hadn't previously noticed, the cold air teasing her sensitive labia.

Going back into a touch of panic, she realized that getting caught in such a state wouldn't be much better than being found in the midst of a potty break. Clearing her head with a gulp, she looked about for something to clean herself with, finding the hallway to be quite lacking in toilet paper. There were only more planters spaced along the length of the hallway... Considering how when she went in the woods a leaf was usually all she required, she decided to make the most of what she had. A few spare fronds were plucked via her magic as a small sacrifice.

Rushing now that she had a clear head, Luna wiped up the floor and her surroundings first, sopping up the mess and depositing the soiled leaves in the pot of the plant they came from. It worked well enough, at least to the point she couldn't tell somepony had peed nearby, so she didn't waste time trying to perfect it. A far more noticeable mess still needed to be dealt with.

Blushing to herself, she quickly raised her haunches and flipped up her tail, shivering as cold air danced over her dripping marehood. This time she made sure to tuck herself away for privacy, the sense she was doing something naughty making her do what she could to hide her shame. Hot delight in her marehood made her shiver despite all of her efforts.

"Oh..."

The soft sound passed her lips as she gave herself a long, slow wipe down the length of her labia, the slickness of piss and arousal all but allowing the leaf to glide. Her clit throbbed as the tender frond brushed past, sending hot tingles of desire up her spine. Hooves trembling on the tile, the mare tried to focus, but found it incredibly hard to do anything but enjoy herself. Oh goodness, it felt so good... Magic humming in her ears, Luna let the leaf linger over her clit, rubbing a tiny circle over the wet heat. Having come so close to humiliation only made her more excited, and soon her breath was coming out faster, her rump pressing back into the heavenly attention-

What are you doing?! You don't have time for this; you have an appearance to make!

Common sense snapped her out of the bliss she was building to like a splash of frigid water. Holding back a whine, she wiped herself clean quickly, dabbing at her rump to dry herself as thoroughly as possible. Though she still throbbed with desire, the Princess had enough control over herself to ignore her arousal for the time being, even if there was nothing she wanted more than to satisfy herself. Ignoring how her marehood pulsed, she tossed the last of the leaves into the pot they'd come from when she was done. It was enough to be clean and dry and empty after all she'd been through.

Taking one last look at the corner she'd had such a little adventure within, Luna pushed the pot back where she'd found it and decided to call it sufficient. This had ended far better than she could have ever hoped, and she didn't want to push her luck. No amount of temptation was worth risking her pride.

Hurrying off to try and find her way back, the Princess made sure to move as swiftly as she could, well aware that her body was still alight with desire. A quick visit to the party followed by her usual nightly duties would keep her busy for a while, but when she was finished... Excitement still pulsed in her folds, demanding satisfaction as soon as she was free to give it.

When she retired to her quarters come morning, she'd happily do so without delay.

