An Evening with Venti (Genshin Impact)

Author: cplwet

*000*2022-12-29 20:11

Disclaimer: All of my stories are written with the help of AI to varying degrees, though I still write the majority myself.

The attatched art is AI generated with generous editing on my part.

Lumine was late. her new frilly blue dress billowed as she ran with the flower basket she had collected for Flora, but how visible her pink panties were was the least of her worries right now. she had to get back to Mondstadt in time to collect her commission rewards from Katheryne before the cute Automation closed up shop for the day. She dashed along the forest edge through the grassy fields that surrounded the city for miles. She would have to make it quick! Lumine knew she couldn't allow herself a single stop if she wanted to be at Mondstadt in time.

She rounded a bend in the path and saw her destination coming into view: Mondstadt itself, gleaming in the sunlight. The city was a grand sight, its windmills rising above the city walls like some sort of gothic castle, its white stone buildings sparkling in the light as they reflected off the lake. She still had a ways to go but her excitement grew as she neared. A few more minutes and she would be there... But she had another problem. she'd been desperate to pee for some time now, and although she hadn't found anywhere comfortable enough to relieve herself just yet, the sight of Mondstadt's famed waterways made her bladder tighten so much she could scarcely hold on any longer... so she didn't.

She started peeing herself as she ran, her underwear becoming soaked in seconds. Her face turned bright red as she felt the warm liquid begin to dribble down her legs—creating a trail of sparkles behind her as the sun caught the droplets being flung off her legs by her movement and the wind. She gasped as she finally arrived and almost tripped over her own feet as she tried to slow down and catch her breath.

"Oh my goodness!" she exclaimed, the embarrassment suddenly forgotten. "I'm terribly sorry I'm late—"

Kathryne smiled as she gave her customary "Ad Astra Abyssosque" greeting, amused at the Traveller's disheveled cuteness. "Don't worry about it," she said with a giggle. "You're here now. So you can collect your reward."

Lumine looked up at Kathryne with a smile, feeling a little better now that she was no longer running, putting aside the warmth still dripping down her legs. She curtseyed politely. "Thanks, Kathryne."

The automaton nodded. "It is not a bother at all." She took a small key out of the pocket of her dress and unlocked the chest in her kiosk. She handed Lumine her payment, with a bit extra for completing the full day's commissions list. "There you are."

Lumine grinned widely, pleased to have made it in time. "Thank you very much!" She bowed again and hurried away as quickly as she could, ignoring the looks her wet legs were getting from passersby.

Katheryne watched after her, smiling. She didn't mind Lumine's lateness one bit; the young woman hadn't always been punctual when it came to collecting her commissions, but she always came through on completing them. She was a bit surprised the girl had had an accident on herself, but deliberately chose not to mention it. Best not to embarrass your top adventurer!

With a smile, she opened the door of her kiosk and went outside. There was nothing else for her to do for a while anyway.

***

Lumine walked along the road towards her home after dropping off the flower basket to Flora. The young girl had been giddy with all the new flowers she could add to her storefront. She would certainly appreciate the additional business. Lumine couldn't help but feel a little guilty though, since she wasn't exactly sure how long the flowers would last. But they were so pretty! As she walked, her mind wandered to other matters. Her wet panties felt uncomfortable against her legs, but she kept going, as It wouldn't be an issue for too much longer. She tried to think of something else, but her thoughts were interrupted when a strong wind suddenly kicked through and blew her dress up around her thighs. She blushed, the hem of her dress fluttering wildly. She pulled her dress down but not before she heard a familiar little laugh.

"Ehe!" It was Venti, of course. The wandering bard and indolent god of wind and freedom, Barbatos, laughed merrily as he watched Lumine pull her dress back down..

"Quite the show!," Venti replied casually. "You look marvelous in that dress."

Lumine was surprised to hear such praise from him, especially since she was sure she looked terrible. But she couldn't deny that his words did make her blush a little.

"I hope you don't mind me saying so, but I've never seen anyone who looked better in that particular color." He chuckled. "Pink suits you"

Lumine started to thank him before realizing he was talking about her panties. "You...!" she swatted his shoulder. "How many times must I tell you..."

Venti pouted playfully. "Please, Lumine. You know I am always completely sincere in my praise." He held out a hand. "Come, let us enjoy the rest of this beautiful day together."

Lumine groaned inwardly as she took his hand. "Fine, fine," she grumbled. "But you owe me dinner for that stunt."

Venti winked as he led her off. "I'll see what I can do," he promised. "Now, come along, Traveller!"

Lumine sighed and followed. Her cheeks burned and she glanced nervously at her skirt. After a moment, she decided it wasn't worth worrying about anymore.

Venti took her back outside the walls into the fields beyond. They stood in front of a small waterfall and it seemed he had set up a small picnic there. No sooner had Lumine gone over than Venti was sitting across from her, holding out two wine bottles.

"For a lovely lady such as yourself, I thought a bit of wine might be appropriate."

Lumine rolled her eyes at the bard. "You know I'm not seen as old enough for that on this world"

He waved a hand dismissively. "Bah! We both know you're older than that."

Lumine sighed and accepted the bottle he offered her. "it also goes right through me" she mumbled.

Venti laughed. "Still, it is nice to indulge once in a while." He poured out glasses and handed one each to Lumine and himself. Lumine took hers and sipped cautiously. The alcohol was much stronger than she was used to. She coughed and gasped a little, but managed to take another sip.

"Not bad," she muttered, trying to catch her breath. She saw Venti grinning mischievously. "What?"

"Nothing," he said innocently. "Just enjoying the view." Lumine rolled her eyes and adjusted her dress. She was still uncomfortable with Venti's flirting, even if it was just a joke. She took another drink of the wine. The setting sun warmed her face and the breeze brushed her skin gently. It was a pleasant day.

When she'd finished her second glass of wine, she asked, "So whats the occasion?"

"Oh, nothing really," he answered. "It's just a pleasant day and I thought we could enjoy it together." He smiled at her, but looked slightly wistful. His gaze wandered off towards the horizon as he spoke. "We should have more days like this."

Lumine nodded. "More days where you can be free."

He leaned forward conspiratorially. "And no one will care."

Lumine laughed and slapped his arm again. "Don't tempt fate!"

The bard laughed merrily. "Tempting or not, I am certain you would enjoy it."

Lumine looked at him curiously. Was he serious? "I think you're drunk," she teased.

Venti didn't seem offended by her comment. "Perhaps I am," he agreed. "But why shouldn't I be?"

Lumine shrugged and took another sip of wine, already starting to feel its effects on her mind and her bladder. "I suppose thats true. Well, here's to more fun days ahead."

Venti nodded. "Yes. It has been a while since I've had someone to share them with." He raised his glass. "Here's to you, Traveller"

Lumine lifted her own glass. "To you, Venti."

They drank together. Then they sat in silence as the sun dipped further into the sky.

"I suppose," Venti finally remarked, "we can return home now. After all, a man cannot wander far from his hearth in a night."

Lumine shook her head. "No, no, not yet," she insisted. "Let's have some food first. I've drank too much wine and I'm feeling a bit lightheaded." She also wasn't sure how she would handle the walk back, especially with the pressure in her bladder.

Venti frowned. "Is that so?" He glanced down at her clothes. "Well, perhaps you are right. Let us get something to eat, then." Lumine blushed and glanced away.

"If it's not too much trouble," she said quickly, fidgeting uncomfortably.

He opened the basket and handed her a sandwich, as well as a flask of water. "I don't want you passing out from dehydration."

Lumine smiled gratefully and thanked him as they ate. She drank half of the water before finishing the last bite of her sandwich. She was halfway through a second when the need for a bathroom break became too pressing.

Venti frowned. "There isn't anywhere nearby," he pointed out. "We'd have to go a ways."

Lumine groaned. "I suppose…" she trailed off.

"No one will care." Venti repeated encouragingly.

Lumine sighed and nodded. She'd already wet herself once today, once more was no matter. she continued to sit on the blanket and gave up all pretense of trying to hold it. Her panties were soaked for the second time that day, and warm liquid gushed out between her legs and ran down her thighs, spreading on the blanket she sat upon.

Venti eyed her curiously and then chuckled. "Are you alright?"

Lumine blushed. "Fine," she replied curtly. She couldn't meet Venti's gaze as she stood unsteadily.

Venti helped her stand. "Where do you want to go?"

Lumine looked around. The woods were darkening rapidly and the wind was picking up. "I suppose we should head back," she suggested. She checked her dress and found that the hem was slightly damp but otherwise there was no noticeable wetness on it. Her panties however were beyond saving, already stained from earlier and soaked through again now. She lifted her dress briefly in front of Venti to look at their state, telling him "There, you've seen. I'd better not find myself the victim of sudden unexplained wind again tonight"

Venti chuckled. "I suppose not." He guided her towards the edge of the meadow. "I'll help you." Lumine let him. There was little else she could do. At least he'd keep her from falling over. With his assistance, she made it to the edge of the meadow without any problems.

Venti helped her onto the path. She followed his lead as he led her along the path. She felt disoriented for a moment, but regained her bearings soon enough. They were heading back towards town, then. That was good, she would be able to make it back safely. She tried to push aside any thoughts of her previous escapade. She was a little ashamed when she realized it might happen once more, but if it did, she had Venti's wine to blame for it. It was getting darker. Soon the sun would disappear entirely, leaving only stars overhead. Lumine shivered in the cold breeze. She squirmed.

Venti glanced behind him. "Do you want to stop somewhere?"

Lumine shook her head. "No, let's just get back."

They walked through the gates and reached the path that lead to her home. It was a short distance, really, but Lumine's bladder was starting to rebel. She began walking faster.

Venti hurried after. "You're doing fine, Traveller," he reassured her.

Lumine was grateful for his words of encouragement but nevertheless felt that she must hurry.

"Ah!" she exclaimed suddenly.

Venti stopped, looking at her quizzically. "What is it?" he asked.

"Nothing," she replied quickly. "Just… ah…" Her bladder betrayed her, and a small trickle of pee escaped between her legs.

"I see," Venti said carefully. "Well, if you need to stop—"

Lumine shook her head. "No, please," she begged. "I'll be alright."

Lumine released another dribble of urine and she gasped.

Venti looked alarmed. "Are you alright? Do you need to sit down?"

Lumine shook her head. "No, I'm fine," she replied. "But if we can get to my home—"

Her bladder gave way. A large torrent of urine streamed out between her legs and onto the grass beside the path.

Venti stared at her. "I'm sorry," he said. "Let's get you inside."

With his help, Lumine made it to the door of her cottage. She used the key to unlock it and stepped inside. Venti followed her in. Lumine closed the door behind them and turned to face him.

"Thank you," she told him. "For helping me."

Venti nodded. "Anytime," he replied simply. He seemed unsure what to say next, so he remained silent. Lumine felt awkward too. She wasn't sure how to respond.

"Well," she started awkwardly. "Perhaps you'd like to come in and have some tea with me?"

Venti smiled. "Certainly, Traveller," he agreed. "Tea sounds nice. You don't mind?"

Lumine hesitated. "I suppose I ought to wash first," she decided. "And get fresh clothes."

Venti nodded. "I shall wait out here."

Lumine went into her bedroom. When she returned, refreshed and in a nightgown, she found Venti waiting patiently. She poured two cups of tea, one for each of them. "Here," she offered. "I brewed it myself."Venti took the cup gratefully, and drank a little of it.

"That's very good," he declared. "Is this your own recipe?"

Lumine blushed. "No, Noelle taught me that one."

Venti grinned. "I take it you know the maid well?"

Lumine blushed harder. "Yes, indeed," she replied.

Venti's grin broadened. "I see. well, I cant fault you for good taste in women"

Lumine couldn't help but smile. She and Noelle had been friends long before they became lovers. Now, more than ever, she appreciated having her in her life. She set the kettle to boil again. As it did so, she continued their conversation. "So what was tonight really about, Venti? Or was it an elaborate ploy to watch me pee myself repeatedly?"

Venti laughed. "No no! There was no such plan!"

Lumine laughed, then sighed, looking at him. "Then why did you ask me to accompany you?"

"I wanted to share a drink with a close friend." Venti said quietly.

Lumine understood that she was not the friend he was referring to. That friend was long dead. had been for hundreds of years. Though she knew exactly what he looked like, as the man stranding before her was his likeness.

The kettle whistled. Lumine poured the tea, and brought a second pot of water to heat up. She added sugar and some dried fruit from last season's harvest. She stirred everything together and served both cups. When the tea was ready, Lumine sat across from Venti. They drank in silence for several minutes, enjoying the comfort of each other's company.

Venti broke the quiet with a chuckle. "I'm starting to sound like Rex Lapis" he joked, raising his teacup regally. "Osmanthus Wine..." He started in a terrible approximation of Zhong Li's deep tones, before laughing at his own joke.

Lumine laughed too. "You do," she agreed. then she paused "Do you miss him?"

Venti shrugged. "The past is gone. It cannot be changed."

Lumine nodded. She knew that wasn't quite true from her travels, but she also knew that in the end it wouldnt matter if it was. Fate would still have its way.

Venti looked thoughtful. "Still, it is strange how much I miss him." His eyes lit up suddenly. "I wonder what he'd think of you?"

Lumine blushed. "What, me?"

Venti nodded. "Of course. He was always curious about new things, new people."

They chatted for a bit longer. Then, after finishing the tea, Lumine rose from her chair. "I'd better sleep soon."

Venti smiled. "Very well, Traveller," he agreed. "Sleep well."

"Take care, Venti. and if you see Noelle, tell her to stop overworking herself and come home"

Venti laughed. "I will. I'll even give her a push from the breeze." He stood up. "Goodnight, Lumine."

Lumine smiled back. "Goodnight, Venti."

She watched him leave, then went upstairs to bed.

***

