Amie's Amazing Accident

Author: Connor Temple

*000*2025-01-15 05:39

Hey guys, hope everyone's doing good, I'm back once again (for the renegade master) with my third story, this time about poor Amie whose bus ride home from university is just a bit too long...

***

Amie stood at the bus stop, tapping her foot on the ground in a steady pattern. She gently sucked her lips in, wiggling her bum slightly. If the bus could just come, then she could get home, and all would be well.

She looked from side to side, eyeing the trees in the fading light. She tilted her head, admiring the rosey sunset just above the treeline. It was beautiful, she thought. As was she, herself. The rosey sunset struck her strong cheekbones, cheekbones which unusually acted as a place for her cheeks to gather fullness and plumpness, rather than looking boney and pointed, with her cheeks pulling into a cute dimple along the space just in line with her small, pointed nose and at the sides of her mouth. The sunset could be followed along her strong, plump cheeks to the thin smattering of freckles at the inner bit of them and her nose. Luckily, the beautiful sunset was enough to distract her from her discomfort until the bus arrived, and she was jolted back to a relieving, yet uncomfortable, reality.

She winced as she stepped up onto the bus, fumbling for change in her wallet. She found the right amount, but dropped half of it on the floor. Muttering curses under her breath, she bent down to pick it up, paid and walked to a seat. As she walked, she picked at the edges of her knickers through her form-fitting jeans, straightening them out and removing the wedgie that had formed. This would at least enable her to hold her buttocks tighter together...

Wedgie removed, Amie squeezed her cheeks together, sighing at the effort. She sat down, wincing as she had to press to keep them together as she sat. *Gasp! The pressure in her bladder as she sat down was immense! This she hadn’t noticed until now. Well, maybe a bit at one point while waiting for the bus, she thought, but it had been easy to shrug off. It made sense seeing as she’d been at the pub, she guessed.

“But I still can’t believe it’s come on so quickly.” She whispered to herself.

She smiled slightly as the bus drove off, remembering the laughs she'd had in last lecture and at the pub afterwards.

"Damn." she thought, as her private area itched. Looking around to make sure no one could see, she gently slipped a hand down her pants and scratched. Her eyes rolled back at the relief. She scratched and scratched and scratched, her nails "scritching" past her stubble, until she was finally comfortable. She pulled her hand past her belt, bringing it to her nose, posing like she was holding her face in contemplation, but this was just a guise for smelling her fingers. Her nostrils were filled with a thick, musty, oily scent, sweat-tinged, causing her to wrinkle her face. It must have been a hard day, and her pussy must've sweated a lot.

"Nevermind." she thought. "I can wash it all off once I get home." The bus went over a bump, and the waste in her rectum was jolted about. Amie screwed her face up, clenching her buttocks together.

"And, take a massive fucking dump!"

20 minutes later, and Amie winced, trying to clench her bumhole tight so as not to lose control. If she hadn't gotten the urge to use the toilet at the pub, when it was a bit weaker, and ignored it, she wouldn't be in this terrible situation now! And also, potentially, if she hadn’t been so keen to try one of the new sriracha chilli margaritas at the pub. It had been lovely! Sweet, with a nice fiery kick to it. But it probably had not made matters any better for the waste that had been travelling through her system, and now was arriving at the end of said system, ready for release; or for the amount of urine that her kidneys were producing and pouring into her bladder.

And concentrated urine, at that. If she remembered any not-particularly-helpful-for-life thing from school, it was that drinking alcohol makes the body produce more concentrated urine, which irritates the bladder and leads to a feeling of urgency to pee. Which she definitely was starting to feel now. She looked around, hoping no-one could see the predicament she was in. Her breathing had accelerated, and she was now heavily breathing in and out. She really did have to take a massive fucking dump now. Amie pressed her forearms together between her thighs, leaning forwards to be able to do so. Her sizeable breasts were pressed together as she did so, creating ample cleavage. Amie brushed her hair off her forehead, beads of sweat running across her cleavage. She got her phone out and texted her sister. A minute or so later she got a response.

"Hey sis, yeah not too bad thanks, you? Work kinda killed so glad to be home now."

She smiled and typed a reply.

"Haha, yeah not too bad a day, only it's gone downhill since the end."

***

"Oh yeah? That's a shame, any particular reason?"

Amie blushed as she read this, and felt her heart rate rise slightly as she typed a response, as if it would make it more real.

"I have to crap so bad!"

Amie tapped her fingers against her thigh, trying to distract herself while she waited for a response. She heard a ping from her phone and look at it.

"Oh no! That's not so good. Poor you" Jade had responded. Another message came through.

"Sadie really had to poo on Saturday. We went out for a few. She ended up crouching behind some bins, it was pretty jokes actually! 😂"

Amie got slightly annoyed at this.

"Yeah, well, I'm sure it was jokes for you, but it's not gonna be for me in my position, is it?!"

***

Amie put her phone away, a pained scowl on her face. In any remotely normal frame of mind, she would have laughed along with what her sister had texted her. But she was in a world of discomfort, one that was severely messing with her ability to laugh at things. Plus it felt a bit unsympathetic that Jade had immediately followed up her initial message with the anecdote about Sadie. Amie blew out a sigh, scratching her head, trying to take her mind off her full rectum and her filling bladder. She wasn’t particularly successful. She rested her hands on her thighs, facing them inwards, and bounced her legs up and down quickly. She bit her lip, beads of sweat running down her mildly freckled face. She felt a gurgle in her bowels. "Uh-ohhhhh" she thought. "Not good."

Several minutes passed, which only seemed to prolong Amie’s torment. She was now experiencing the desperate urge to poo in a myriad of sensations, including the particularly uncomfortable direct stimulation of the nerve that transmits the urge to poo, which produced an acute sensation which was incredibly uncomfortable and hard to take her mind off, one that took her back to being desperate for a poo when she was a girl and out shopping with her mum, or in a lesson in school, or playing tennis.

She shifted in her seat, trying to wedge her large buttocks so they would close her bumhole even tighter. As she shifted, she felt a large piece of faeces wriggle around her rectum, right by the exit. There were more above it, needing to exit desperately. Amie squeezed her eyes tightly shut.

“Uuuhuuuuuugh!” She moaned.

She had never been so desperate to poo! She was utterly, utterly desperate. And she was bursting to wee as well. She looked around in panic for anything she could relieve herself into. She would lose some of her dignity, but not as much as she would actually having an accident. Nothing. "Fuck!" she exclaimed. Amie squeezed her eyes shut. She felt hot. She felt some liquid poo gurgle around the solid pieces in her rectum. It arrived at her hole. Amie clenched, harder still, as she squeezed her cheeks tighter than ever before to prevent the leakage. But she could not, no matter how tight she clenched.

The hot, liquid faeces leaked out of her, seeping into her pants. It spread across her cheeks, covering them in a wet, slightly gooey warmth. Amie's eyes brimmed with tears. One fell onto her cheek, and she tried to hold them back, but she couldn't, and more dripped down her face. She felt her buttocks be caressed by the liquid faeces, and she sucked her lips in as the scent of excrement hit her and filled her nostrils.

"Ugggghhh" Amie moaned. She wiped the tears off her cheeks. She had only leaked, and it had been bad, but not full blown. She still held the solid stuff. If she could keep it in till she got home, then she could make it to the toilet, if she couldn't hold it that long, then she could at least make an emergency trip behind some bushes on the way home and save some of her dignity. She chewed her lip for another five minutes, before her sphincters finally gave up. 32 minutes after she had first gotten the primary urge, they finally relaxed.

There was a sudden stimulation of the nerve that transmits the urge to poo. A suddenly intensely displeasurable feeling. Amie jolted up straight as a reflex. She clenched with all her might, her face pulled up, her lips pulling back to reveal her teeth and her eyes closing and then squeezing shut. Trying to combat this sensation from the nerve was the hardest thing ever, or at least it felt like it in moment. Her mind whirled, including the possible memory that humans have two anal sphincters. Maybe she could keep one sphincter closed, if she clenched hard enough?! She thought.

No. She couldn’t. It was at the end of its tether.

She grimaced as a piece of faeces slid out, sliding down between the liquid faeces she had already passed and the cotton of her knickers. It settled rested against the part of her buttock that was against the seat. Amie sobbed helplessly as she lost control. Control of her bladder was all but gone now as well, her knickers becoming saturated by a sea of urine. Another piece of faeces exited her, causing a "plurrp-p-p-p-plww" noise as her anus puckered open. The smell was filling her nostrils now, a pungent, sharp stench.

Amie's freckled face glistened with the sweat she had passed trying to hold herself and the tears having an accident had caused. However, her embarrassment was about to increase even more.

"Maman... ha-est-ce que cette fille a fait caca dans sa culotte? Je sais que je ne devrais probablement pas demander, je me demandais juste si c'était ça que je pouvais sentir. Je veux dire, ils disent que ça sent vraiment mauvais, non?"

She looked round and saw a young girl, probably around 10-12, in the opposite aisle of the bus, looking at her. If her GCSE French served her right, she had just asked her mother "Mum... ha-has that girl pooed in her knickers? i know I probably shouldn't be asking but, i just wonderful that was what i could smell. i mean, they say it smells really bad, right?"

Her cheeks went pinker as she made eye contact with the girl, whose mother's also went pink. She told her daughter off, then apologised to Amie. Amie waved away her apology.

"C'est bon. Et oui, cette fille a fait caca sa culotte. J'ai eu une longue journée de conférences à l'université et quand je devais y aller, je devais attendre le bus! Déjà désespéré!" which translates to "It's fine. And yes, this girl has pooped her knickers. Had a long day of uni lectures and when I could finally go, I had to wait for the bus! Already desperate!"

Amie winced as another solid piece of poo started to exit her. She didn't even bother to try to hold it. Her knickers were ruined as it was, and no doubt virtually the whole bus could smell her accident, either that or they would soon. She took a moment to savour the relief as she finally emptied her bowels. Her hole was stretched open as a third thick log was pushed out. It was squashed into every corner it could find. Amie winced again, trying to position herself so that she could at least keep her pussy clean. The French girl and her mother looked at her sympathetically.

"You poor girl." the mother said.

Amie smiled.

"C'est bon. Les gens ont parfois des accidents. Une fois, je faisais de l'EP et j'ai soudainement eu besoin d'y aller. Le professeur ne m'a pas laissé faire, et je me suis mis au bâton et au bâton, et j'ai couru. En franchissant le dernier virage, je ne pouvais plus le retenir. J'ai fait un caca MASSIF dans mon pantalon, mais cela arrive parfois. La plupart du temps, nous nous rendons aux toilettes quand nous devons y aller, et parfois non." the girl said. Amie deciphered it;

"It's ok. People have accidents sometimes. Once I was doing PE and I suddenly really needed to go. The teacher wouldn't let me, and I stepped up to bat and batted, and made the run. As I went round the final corner, I couldn't hold it anymore. I did a MASSIVE poo in my pants, but that happens sometimes. Most of the time, we make it to the toilet when we need to go, and sometimes, we don't."

Amie smiled. She thanked the girl for her support. The bus stopped. It was her stop. She said goodbye to the girl and her mum, and quickly made off the bus, trying to avoid the people on the bus smelling the accident she held in her pants.

Fresh tears pricked her eyes, but she held most of then back as she walked down the street into the cold. For once, she was thankful of her accident, as the fresh poo in her pants was still warm, and made her feel overall warmer. Five minutes later and she was at her flat. She went inside, closing the door and resting her back against it. She closed her eyes, starting to sob with embarrassment again.

Amie held her face as she practically howled into her hand, her other hand resting on her belly as if to protect herself. She pulled her phone out of her pocket, her fingers slipping off it because they were wet with tears. She shakily found Jade, and didn’t just message her this time; she needed to speak to her. Luckily, it took only two goes for Jade to answer the WhatsApp video call, and she knew to go somewhere private when in response to a “What?” because of bad connection, Amie shouted “I POOED MY FUCKING PANTS!” through tears. Jade stayed on the phone for a good few minutes to comfort her, even eliciting a laugh or two. Amie felt cold where her urine had soaked her jeans.

After a few minutes of sobbing, then sniffling, and chatting to her sister though, she largely seemed to be doing ok. She seemed to have gotten over the majority of the embarrassment and the upset. Amie closed her eyes, squeezing the last tears of embarrassment and shame down her plump cheeks, and laughed. She laughed at the whole event. She took her jacket off, and her top, and made her way into the bathroom. She unzipped her jeans and pulled them off her thick thighs, praying she hadn't dirtied the inside of them. *phewf, she sighed.

She hadn't. She stepped into the shower and pulled her knickers down. They were wet and stained brown by the liquid faeces she had passed before her main accident. She felt the faeces mush against her buttocks, a sharp, pungent aroma filling her nostrils. She took a glance at her poop. It completely filled her white knickers, a fairly light brown. The bathroom stank. Amie pulled her knickers to her ankles and stepped out of them. She leant over and emptied the poop into the toilet, flushing it.

She glanced round at her buttocks. They were covered in a medium-light brown, creamy poo. She pulled her top off and took off her bra, tossing them on the deck. She gently put her forefinger on her right buttock and went upwards, collecting a line of creamy poo. Pulling it away, it was weighed down by the poo. She wrinkled her face, throwing the poo into the shower. Her vagina's scent rose up, thick and oily. Amie turned the shower on and relaxed, washing away the day's filth and embarrassment.

~~~

