The city festival

Author: camila_gray

*000*2023-05-13 04:36

Natasha was a well-kept, intelligent and self-conscious lady of 24, with very soft and thin dark hair, wearing things like slim felt coats in a rich blue and elegant buttons and black skirts just past her knees, when this happened. She usually chose her outings and timings meticulously, but this incident came about by sheer accident.

In the city where Natasha lived there was an annual city festival at night, one which Natasha thought was a terrible idea and always stayed at home because it involved a lot of public art and music, from 6pm to the following morning past daybreak, with millions of people out in town. As well as the fact that elderly people could easily have a heart attack and die in the crowd which made Natasha feel sad, she also wondered about the toilet situation. Like at New Year’s, she was sure there wouldn’t be enough of them.

She was to find out she was right. On this particular year when she was 24, she had simply forgotten about this festival and gone to see a string quartet concert in a building in the city, one that started at 4pm and finished at 7pm, only to exit and find herself in a crowd, many many blocks from the nearest train station. She had drank three wines at the concert and didn’t realise until she was fighting her way through the crowd to the train station that there was quite a lot of pressure on her bladder and she only had a limited amount of time to get to a toilet.

Well, I won’t bore you with details of every human she had to brush past to get to the train station. Some were tall and dark, some were small with fair skin, some were in their fifties, more were in their twenties and teens. Some were male, some were female. Natasha felt the greatest amount of panic in her chest when she brushed past attractive young men.

But anyway, the point is, she only made it as far as the queue to the female restrooms in the train station, which was about thirty people long outside and she could guess another ten inside, with only 4 cubicles to her recollection. She stood there shifting from foot to foot, sucking in her bladder every few seconds. Her skirt, which was tailored to finish just past her knees, meant she was destined to make a display of wetting herself. Jeans would have been visible but not audible. She held on very hard until the last minute, then it all splashed out all over the ground, Natasha bending over slightly, her dark brown hair falling over her face. Her bladder gave way and the urine cascaded all down her legs.

I guess it can happen to anyone.

