Piano Teacher Wetting

Author: CEmma

*000*2017-09-04 08:19

Hi there. This is a story about when my piano teacher wet herself. At the time of it happening, I preferred girls over boys. Anyway here goes.

So my piano teacher had d cup breasts as well as me now but I was only 18 then and she had blonde hair. At the time she was wearing a dress which showed quite a bit of cleavage so I was impressed. Anyway, my piano lessons were an hour and a half long and i would walk home after they ended.

As I knocked on the door of the house, she awnsered while continually crossing her legs and bobbing up and down. I could instantly tell that she needed the toilet. She was 24 at the time. So about 20 minutes into the lesson she can't stop putting her hand down onto her crotch and she kept rocking back and forward on the seat. Anyway, she then says she is popping to the toilet but I was in the mood for her to wet herself and I asked if she could help me on a piece and to my surprise she said yes. 

So we were going through the peice and around 15 minutes later she suddenly stops and she jabs her hands right up her vagina and starts to groan but despite all this she chooses to carry on. But about two minutes later she does the same thing but this time she is slightly too late. Her legs start trembling and I can see a flow of piss coming through her underwear and she starts whimpering. She asks to be excused and without expecting an answer she makes a dash for the toilet while leaving a trail of puss behind but she is not even halfway to the toilet before a huge gush of piss comes out. She says sorry to me and asks if she can get undressed in front of me because i am apparently 'perfect' for her so she gets of her dress and soaked panties. Anyway, after she gets undressed she still obviously had some piss in her bladder and she lets the rest stream put onto the floor.

This was probably the best piano lesson I ever had and there have been a few close calls before so you can ask me about the if you wish.

P.S. I KNOW THIS IS MEANT TO BE AN OMORASHI SIGHT BUT PLEASE EXCUSE THE UNDRESSING PART

*002*2017-09-04 10:04

{{48 minutes ago, oopsipeedmypants said:

That happened

}}

What do you mean

