Desperate Sisters

Author: Crazi Mathx

*000*2025-02-08 09:04

The clock showed 5:30. "Only 30 minutes, then I can visit the washroom," Julie thought. Although she was not that desperate, she decided to pay a visit so she could freshen up. At 6, as soon as she got up, closing her PC, she got a call from her senior regarding the updates, which lasted for 20 minutes. After the call ended, Julie thought she could still go to the washroom, but then another call came. This time it was from her personal number; it was her favorite cousin Shreya.

J: Hello? What's up?

S: When are you reaching home?! I NEED TO PEEEE!! I'M WAITING HERE SINCE 5 PM. COME FAST, DIDI!!

J: What-? Oh my God!! Don’t worry, Shreya, I'll come ASAP!

Since it was 6:20, she had two bus options: one arriving in just 3 minutes, which would take her directly home, and another arriving in 9 minutes, requiring a transfer that would make her late. Since she went to the washroom post-lunch and was not desperate herself, she decided not to go to the washroom and ran towards the bus stop. Luckily, she reached in time and boarded the bus. Now she will reach home in 30 minutes; hopefully, Shreya can keep herself dry till then.

Shreya was wearing a yellow Kurti and blue leggins, with planned to visit Julie for the weekend and had boarded a train early in the morning. Since she forgot to pee before leaving her house and she doesn't like using the washrooms at the train or railway station, she was holding her pee for a long time and the last she peed was right before her bedtime.

&&

The entire journey, she was sitting with her legs crossed and warming herself, as the AC in the train was making it difficult for her to control. Luckily, she was able to hold it the entire journey and rushed to her cousin's house, only to find it locked. . When Shreya found the door locked, she leaked a bit into her panties, she then bent forward and pressed her pee-hole with her hands. She somehow was able to prevent the situation from getting any worse. She could feel the noticeable dampness in her panties which was now cold and making her uncomfortable.

&&

Shreya decided to wait for Julie and was reluctant to ask the neighbors as she was extremely shy. When she tried to call her around 6, it was busy and she was losing hope, and then she leaked again. This lasted for a second or two and she knew her leggings had now more than a wet spot, but luckily it wasn't visible as it was covered by her long Kurti. She decided to call her a second time hoping to finally pick up the call and Julie answered, she knew there was still hope; she needed to hold it just for some more time. She sat at the front of her house, thighs tightly closed.

&&

To be continued......

Hi guys, i have written this after a very long time. Please tell me what all I can improve.

