New Adventure

Author: ColorMeRoz

*000*2023-01-18 20:06

This was a story a friend of mine wanted me to write for him. It was an interesting situation as it was a gentleman who has never tried our kink before but has been curious. so... be gentle on critiques and let me know what you think. 🙂

He had her hands tied up around the shower rod and a spreader bar on her ankles opened wide so she couldn’t close her legs. He loved to see her so naked and exposed for him. He was trying to keep his composure as he felt his bladder filling drastically. He knew in his head what he wanted to do, but could he really do this?

It had been in his head for a while off and on but this was all new to him. This was definitely the one area he was not educated in. We will see how this pans out, for now he was going to tease and use his little sex toy all he wanted. He took the wand and ran it from her neck, down to her chest. There he proceeded to run the vibrating wand in circles around her nipples. He loved seeing her move her hips, pulling at her restraints as she felt the vibrator on her nipples. He loved that lip bite, the moan that escaped her mouth with every touch. He then kept the wand going down her body, running it between her legs slowly.

He made sure to run it between her pussy lips and up to that little nub full of nerves. He knew just the right angle and she’d be bucking her hips with each second he held it on her clit. He looked at her smiling mischievously, “stay still little one or I will keep up the assault on your poor aching pussy.” She moaned and pulled at her restraints she bucked her hips back as he hit her clit again. He chuckled in her ear, “what did I tell you little one?” He continued rubbing her clit with the vibrating wand, each time he could sense her getting closer to orgasm he pulled the wand away. She moaned, dropping her head and then he did it again. He brought her near the edge and denied her 5 more times.

He could actually see her pussy dripping, feeling his cock grow so hard in his pants. He knew she was absolutely dying to feel his cock, looking her right in the eyes as he stripped off his bottom half. Allowing his cock to spring forward, he watched her eyes go wide as she took in his large and throbbing cock. He couldn’t wait to surprise her with what he was about to do. He knew they had talked about it but they hadn’t fully planned it yet, but seeing her standing here like this, all tied up and restrained. He just couldn’t help how bad he really wanted to do this.

After finally finding a girl he knew was going to enjoy him doing this as much as he was. He told her he was going to undo her hands just enough so he could bend her forward. He helped her turn around and bend forward so he could tie her hands to the handle in the shower. He stood there taking in her naked ass, “Little one, I am going to use my hand and I will slap each cheek 10 times, and when your red is a beautiful glowing pink I am going to slide my cock deep inside that tight, wet pussy of yours.”

He proceeded to do exactly as he said he was going to. He took his hand and he slapped each ass cheek of hers. He watched them turn a bright glowing pink and his cock was dripping with precum. He loved seeing her like this, tied up and now a glowing pink ass. He rubbed the head of his cock along her slit. She was moaning with each stroke up and down with his cock. He then grabbed her by her throat and while he did he slipped his throbbing cock into her pussy. She was moaning already, it was only about to get a whole lot louder and he knew that. He thrusted inside her pussy, enjoying the feeling of her pussy surrounding his cock. He stopped while still inside her, he took a deep breath, closing his eyes and he didn’t have to push too hard before the flow started.

He very much needed this release and to do it inside her pussy was so hot to him. As soon as he started going she was moaning like crazy. Oh my god! She was really loving this! He quickly filled her pussy and felt it coming back out at him. He stopped his stream groaning, “How are you doing little one?” She just moaned and this made him grab her by her hair, “I asked you a question little one.” She nodded, “Yes sir! I am doing amazing and I love this!” He started his release again, filling her pussy even more, stopping as it came back out at him again. He knew he was nowhere near done, but he really wanted to also watch her eyes as he soaks her body too. As he pulled out he watched all of his pee rush from her pussy.

He moaned as he stroked himself, “little one I am going to undo your restraints now and I want you down on your knees in front of me.” He undid all her restraints and as he did she got to her knees right in front of him. He let out a groan, god he loved such an obedient sex toy. He really needed to finish peeing and he was going to do it all over her. He knew she wasn’t a huge fan of it on her face or drinking it so he’ll start with just her tits. He started to release his bladder again, watching his pee run over her tits, down her body and pooling around her. It was such a sexy sight seeing her like this. He slowed his stream to a stop. He grabbed her by the back of her hair to get her to look up at him, “Little one I want to try this over your face, and a small bit in your mouth. Do I have your consent?” She agreed and he slowly let his stream go over her hair, down her face.

Oh my god seeing her look so used as he let go of his bladder over her face. He was really enjoying this and from the looks of her face so was she. He then stopped his stream so he could get his cock to her mouth, “Little one I am just going to do this a small bit so you can taste, then I will pull out and finish on your beautiful nipples. For now.” He placed his cock on her lips and started a small stream into her mouth. She swallowed every bit of it and he moaned. He stopped his stream after a few swallows, “who do you belong to, little one?” She swallowed the last mouthful, “You sir!” He then directed his stream to her nipples and peed as hard as he could to finish his bladder. He then put his cock back in her mouth and told her to suck. She gave him one of the best blow jobs he had ever received. After he released into her mouth he helped her up and then kissed her sweetly, “let’s shower little one and then lets go get in bed to relax for a little bit before we grab dinner.

He turned on the water, getting it to temperature and stepped under the shower head with her. They washed each other up and when they were both clean they turned off the shower and he helped her dry off so they could go climb into bed together. He grabbed her the comfy clothes from her bag, a couple bottles of water and some chocolate. He brought it all to her and handed her one of her liquid iv packets too, “do you need your coloring books this time or are you ok?” She smiled as she drank the first bottle of water, “I am ok this time around thank you sir.” They curled up in bed with each other to talk about what just happened.

As they cuddled and talked she finished her second bottle of water. He really was enjoying this time with her. She was very obedient and he loved trying new things with her as well. He couldn’t help thinking how it would feel to watch her do what he did as well. To either just watch her pee, or maybe even feel her pee. It would be very dirty and sensual. He wondered if he could get her to do this or not, he knew it was her kink but, was it his now too, or just when he was with her? It was nice to finally explore this fantasy he’s had for a while.

They ordered food and he ran to go pick it up so she didn’t have to be seen with him in public. He made sure to stop and grab her some more water on the way back too. They sat down and had dinner, she was acting shy and picking at her food. She did drink plenty of water though, which was good because anytime they did sexual activity she would need to rehydrate. He also kind of smiled to himself because she hadn’t gotten up to go pee yet. Maybe it was just a dirty fantasy, maybe he really wanted to see it. He was curious what maybe was going through her head though.

She sat in the chair with her legs tight together. She should have gone while he was out, she was shy to pee when he could hear her. This room was so small, he would hear her without a doubt. She normally didn’t have a shy bladder but dangit everything about this man made her shy side come out. She should be fine. As long as he didn’t put her in another scene she couldn’t stop when she needed to. They finished their dinner and then curled back up into bed together. It was when he had a tight grip around her cuddling that it hit her hard. She had to pee, and she had to go now.

She was squirming some and she heard him moan in her ear, “keep wiggling against my cock little one and I’m going to have to put it somewhere.” She giggled and groaned, “sir if you don’t let me up we will have another problem.” He pulled away and kneeled above her, “Little one is that anyway to ask for what you want?” She looked up at him squirming, “ No sir. I’m sorry I just really need to get up.” He had her stand up, “I want you to strip now little one, and you will go and stand in the shower until I say you're allowed to go. This will be your punishment.”

They went to stand in the bathroom and while she stood in the shower he teased her clit. He had taken off his clothes for ease. He continued to rub her clit and she squirmed against his hand, “you cum for me little one and I will let you go.” He continued to alternate her between rubbing her clit and fingering her sweet pussy. He brought her to the edge a few more times. He couldn’t help it, he was leaving hearing her begging for him to let her go. He kept teasing her, edging her, making her beg for that release. He was just as surprised as she was when he felt the hot liquid running down his arm and pooling around their feet.

He looked up into her eyes, it was at this time he decided to finally let her cum. As he felt her head fall against his shoulder as he pushed her against the wall of the shower, he let her finally go over the edge. She came so hard around his hand, then he felt the hot liquid pick up force. She was absolutely peeing herself, soaking down her legs around their feet. He was loving it, he slid his knee between her legs against her pussy. She was too in bliss from her orgasm to even notice yet that she was peeing all over herself and him.

He loved it so much that she was absolutely in a state of such bliss and submission. He was loving it, and when she was just about done he turned the water on to go over both of them again. He held her close, this was a type of subspace for her and she was so beautiful standing there against him. He let the water run over them as he washed them both up. He shut off the water and grabbed them both towels. He helped dry her off and get into her comfy clothes again. He helped her into bed and after he was dried off he climbed in to hold her. He enjoyed her as he surrounded his arms around her. He loved how at peace and relaxed she was. This was what he was looking for in this girl. To let her feel completely happy and relaxed. Even using her kink in all the right ways for both of him. He doesn’t know if he would be as into this as she was but that’s ok, doing this occasionally with her would be all he needed for this time.

