When a Dragon Can't Hold (Miss Kobayashi's Dragon Maid)

Author: Captain L

*000*2017-02-23 16:39

Saturdays were nice. Kobayashi was home, so Tohru didn't need to watch the apartment. And Kanna didn't have school, so while she couldn't play with her friends from class, it was nice to have a little time between the two dragons. Yes, Tohru and Kanna were dragons, currently in human form to blend in to this world. There should have been an aversion to playing the part of the drake's oppressor and predator, but it was necessary to do things like that for cover. And, as they were discovering in their traveling time, humans weren't all evil, not like they were used to in their home world.

Unlike what most would suspect, two dragons walking around in public didn't look that unusual. Kanna just looked like a little kid, her silver hair, white and pink dress, and tired expression were a little unusual, but not impossible. Tohru stood out a little more in her maid outfit, but given the cosplay cafes around, this very well could interpreted as a worker at one of those establishments taking her little sister out to play. Now, if their horns or tails were visible, that might be a different story Well, Tohru's horns were out, but costume.

They had made a few stops throughout the day, gotten a few treats, and had settled down in a playground. They'd visited one close to their house plenty of times, but this one had different toys that Kanna was curious about. "Lady Tohru, what's that thing?"

Tohru looked over the attraction her little companion was referring to, a large disc adorned with many raised holding bars. The older dragon, having never seen this device, was trying to figure out its purpose. Kanna was not so patient, running over to it as soon as she asked the question and jumping into it, her momentum causing it to rotate somewhat. Now Tohru got it, and she ran over to join. "Hold on tight, Kanna!" She grabbed one of the bars and spun it with all her strength.

The centrifugal force from that spin would probably be enough to kill a normal human, but dragons liked to play rough. Kanna wasn't the type to exclaim her joy, but Tohru could see it on her face in the nanosecond she passed by. Others may have looked on in possible horror, but these were not very astute girls.

At least when it came to noticing others, because Tohru saw immediately on one of the rotations when Kanna suddenly didn't look so hot. No hesitation, she grabbed a bar and pulled the wheel to a halt, in a way that would give serious whiplash to a human. "Are you alright? Was I making you sick?"

"That's not it, Lady Tohru," Kanna assured, swaying in place from dizziness. "It was just a little fast, is all." It was subtle, but her legs wiggled just a bit.

The older dragon noticed, chalk it up to superhuman senses. "Do you need to use the bathroom, Kanna?"

She was a little surprised at being exposed so quickly, but she backed down quickly. "Yep, I only noticed spinning that fast."

Tohru looked around the playground, where the only structures were the toys, benches, and tables. She didn't recall seeing any bathrooms on the way here, either. "So do you want to go home now?"

Kanna started pouting. "There's new toys here. I want to play. I can wait to use the bathroom." Tohru wasn't so sure, but it was Kanna's need, dragons had strong bladders, she gave her junior the benefit of the doubt. She'd probably be fine.

###

Kanna was trying to achieve every kid's dream, making the swing go a full circle. But cool dragon powers didn't change her momentum, so the attempt was just as futile. But she was determined to make it work, so she was going to keep it up until her body couldn't handle any more, a limit fast approaching. There was no way she'd be lasting long with that much pee inside her, and somewhere, she knew it. She was just being stubborn and having too much fun to leave.

Too bad it was getting incredibly obvious to anyone watching. This time, even Tohru couldn't look past it, Kanna needed to hurry if she wanted to stay dry. She needed to intervene, grabbing the chain of the swing to force it to a stop, Kanna would have flown off if she wasn't holding tight. "It's time to leave now, Kanna. For your own good."

Kanna jumped off her seat, her knees buckling when she hit the sand. Unknown to anyone else, the landing impact shook her up, and a little pee leaked out. Perhaps she may have overestimated her abilities a hair. "I'm ready to go, Lady Tohru. But may we please make a stop on the way back," she nervously asked, as if it was nothing more than a request. Hard to admit her failings up to this point.

"If there is one," Tohru corrected. "You may have to wait until we get home." Slowly, Kanna nodded, clasping her hands above her dress, right in front of her crotch. A silent suffering, one that tugged at Tohru's heart. How could anyone resist the little dragon's giant blue eyes? "But I'll keep a look out for other types of privacy." After all, it's not like bathrooms were a part of the dragon's original habitat, doing things a little more natural was technically the more common way to do business.

Tohru took Kanna's hand and led her out of the park, careful not to go too fast to avoid straining the tiny girl, in the direction of Miss Kobayashi's apartment. Just as she promised, she was on the lookout for a restroom, just coming up short. They weren't going to find a dedicated bathroom outside a park, one they wouldn't pass on the return trip, but even the alleys or the plants weren't enough. Even a town that wasn't heavily populated still had too many witnesses on a weekend.

Kanna was starting to demand more attention, though not intentionally. Every once in a while, her hand would slide up Tohru's wrist and tug on her sleeve. Tohru would then look down, assuming Kanna wanted something, only to find the kid looking forward. Once, the distraction was enough for her to collide with another person, who ended up knocked back from the sheer mass of a dragon. Finally, one of those pulls was accompanied with a quiet request. "Lady Tohru, why not transform into your dragon form and fly us home?"

"Miss Kobayashi says I'm forbidden from transforming where I might be seen."

"But it's an emergency, and you've got Perception Blocking..."

"I know, and I'd totally bend the rules for your sake. But there isn't room to transform anyway, not with these narrow streets." And, understandable but still cruel, she didn't want to risk Kanna losing it while on her back, Though the reminder of her magic power was appreciated. "Though, now that you mention it, I can use Perception Blocking to make you invisible and you can go wherever you want. Do you want to do it now?"

Kanna took a few seconds to seriously consider it, but subtly shook her head. "I don't want to." She started dancing a tiny bit, Tohru hoping it was the final straw that convinced her not to torture herself any longer, but Kanna stuck it out. What a time to be obstinate.

It wasn't hard to guess how desperate the dragon was, no matter how much she was asserting her dominance over her bladder, but only Kanna knew the full extent it reached. She was in some horrible pain, her body wringing her around to make her drain the liquids. She was just a kid, so her introspective perception was weak, but she'd describe herself as "at my absolute limit" if she was the talkative type. She'd also say her decision to keep going regardless was the adult thing to do, instead of being needlessly difficult.

Even acting like a big girl, the school-age dragon couldn't possibly make it much further. Good thing there was no one to look, because Kanna's dress was short, and it wouldn't do anything to conceal how wet her panties were. The light purple garment was progressively getting more and more stained. Soon enough, it wouldn't be possible to hide it, when little rivulets would flow down her thighs, and that would be highly visible on her white stockings.

Among the senses dragons had enhanced, smell was one of them. She certainly didn't enjoy it, but Tohru had been able to smell Kanna's urine for a while now. She wanted to be respectful and not bring it up, but with the scent getting stronger, she could only conclude that time was running out. A quick examination of their surroundings, no one was looking at them at the moment, the two weren't getting a better opportunity. Tohru put her hand on Kanna's shoulder, and whispered, "Perception Blocking."

Magic blanketed the dragons, covering them like a cloak, disguising them from the senses of all humans. They were effectively gone, so long as no one touched them. It took effect just in time, right when Kanna's focus gave in, her horns and tail flashed back into view. She couldn't keep up the facade any more, now she grabbed her crotch hard, going all out on the dancing with thigh-rubbing, bending down, and trembling all over.

"Don't worry, Kanna, just hold on a little longer! I've got this!" Tohru got behind her friend and shoved her into the closest gap between the buildings, putting a trash can between them and the street. Even if they were unseen, the downpour about to crash down would not be. "I'm not taking no for an answer this time. Just go, Kanna."

Tohru wasn't expecting another fight from Kanna, she'd have to accept her loss at some point, she couldn't be stubborn forever. She was, however, expecting Kanna to remove her panties and squat down or something. Instead, probably just to avoid the pain any longer, she simply removed her hands, spread her legs just the slightest bit, and started wetting herself.

True to her concerns, it was remarkably visible. In the span of the opening seconds, her stockings were absolutely ruined all the way down to her feet. Her dress was short enough to avoid a mess, but it hardly mattered when there was just so much pee. It wasn't an insane amount, per se, but dragons already had a better bladder capacity than humans, so Kanna's stream was powerful, a perfect shining gold, and really loud. It didn't matter that they had ducked away from prying eyes, it couldn't be possible that they were still unheard.

Above all else, watching this unfold in front of her, Tohru felt sorry. It'd be easy to write it off as Kanna getting what she deserved for putting this off so long, and therefore easy to have no sympathy towards. But still, Tohru and Kanna were close, living in the same house now, and one of them was having an accident. The maid dragon found herself kind of wishing she had to pee as well, at least then she could also wet herself and make the kid feel better.

Kanna, meanwhile, wasn't doing as bad as expected. She wasn't stupid, she also recognized this was her fault, and she was the one who gave in without undressing. Maybe she could have made it while still taking her underwear off, but that would have taken some time, and she chose against waiting a single extra second. She was so full and hurting so bad up to this point, it was worth going through the embarrassment of soaking herself just to free herself from the stinging, chilling pain of a bursting bladder.

But that didn't mean she was completely okay with what was happening. Regardless of the circumstances leading up to it, she was still doing something incredibly demeaning. Her quiet nature mostly hid her distress, but tears still began forming on the bottoms of her eyes, as her head fell and made her look incredibly melancholy. By the time her stream lost most of its force, she looked bad.

Tohru noticed, it was impossible not to, and her moment to shine as a caretaker came. Delicately, she reached her right hand out, and gently wiped Kanna's tears off with her index finger. "It's fine. I don't blame you for what happened." Kanna wouldn't make eye contact, seemingly rejecting the comforts. "No, I mean it! Even Miss Kobayashi wets herself sometimes when she's been drinking!"

Perhaps throwing someone else under the bus wasn't the best way to deal with this. It didn't seem to make Kanna feel better, at least. Tohru sighed at her own failure. "Point is, it's not a big deal. Let's just get home and get you cleaned up. Take my hand." She dismissed her own Perception Blocking while leaving Kanna's active, and held out her own arm. Kanna, who had thankfully kept her hands dry through the ordeal, reluctantly took hold. Tohru may not have been able to bring her back quickly as a full-out dragon, but she'd still do whatever she could for her little dragon friend.

*002*2017-03-03 12:32

Sometimes it was better to be home. As soon as the dragons entered the door to Miss Kobayashi's apartment, Kanna undressed and took a bath, and was now sleeping and recharging (quite literally). Tohru, while washing the wet clothes scales, had informed Kobayashi of the day's events. She had just finished recounting the full story, and Kobayashi wasn't too pleased with one of the later details. "Did you really need to tell her about my accidents?"

"If Kanna's living here, she would have found out for herself sooner or later," Tohru justified.

Kobayashi grumbled. "And I would have preferred if it was later. Still, I'm surprised. I would never have expected Kanna to piss herself. She just seems better than that."

"You're sending the signal that it's okay when you do it. I think you're being a bad influence on her, Miss Kobayashi..."

"I thought you just said she didn't know about me doing it."

"...with you staying out late with a guy, frequent drinking, keeping inappropriate materials out where kids can see them..."

"For the last time, 'Dragon Ball' is not pornographic!"

"Point is, you need to watch yourself. You're not a single woman anymore, we need to set a good example for our child."

"Is that how you see this living arrangement," Kobayashi asked, exasperated. Still, maybe Tohru had a point, she'd feel pretty bad if innocent little Kanna grew into a morally bankrupt adult because of her own habits. Though, considering the fellow dragons she was surrounded by, it was a miracle it didn't happen already. They were lustful, lust-inducing, hateful, the only thing they had was that they controlled their bladders. "You know, I don't think I've ever seen you use the bathroom, Tohru."

"Of course not, I'm an adult dragon. We've got strong bladders that hold a lot, it's only a problem every day or two. Honestly, I'm amazed humans can manage having to go every few hours." Just then, an idea popped in Tohru's head, and she was up and hovering over Kobayashi in a millisecond. "Did you want to see me pee, Miss Kobayashi?!"

For being such a mighty dragon, it wasn't hard for a desk job human to push her away. "Absolutely not what I was getting at. Just curious." Though, similarly, Kobayashi had an idea. Tohru had gone out with Kanna immediately after breakfast, and had done laundry right when she got back. That left her no time to have peed today, not when she was too heavy a sleeper to go in the middle of the night. And she didn't recall Tohru excusing herself any time last night, so she had to be filling up by now. "Actually, how much do you have to go now," she asked, with a devilish grin on her face.

Tohru couldn't be happier. "Well, it's not too bad now, but I can drink a lot of water to fill up fast! I wouldn't hide any of my body from you!" Before anyone could stop her, she dashed to the kitchen, grabbed a cup, filled it with tap water, and was chugging it down.

She probably would have kept going until she was sick to her stomach if Kobayashi didn't stop her. "You're being gross again. What I'm trying to say is, you act so high and mighty as a dragon, I want to see your limits. Hold it in as long as you can, until I say it's okay to pee."

"Why do you want me to do that?"

"Think of it as a humbling experience. You need to understand how bad it is for us humans that always need to go if you want to be part of our society." Perhaps it wasn't the strongest argument, even Tohru was about to debate it, but Kobayashi shut her up with one final statement. "Don't you know it's the duty of the maid to follow their master's wishes?"

That was it, the perfect hit to a dragon's pride, sharp enough to pierce scales. "Of course, I'll do anything you ask, Miss Kobayashi! No toilet for me until your permission is granted!"

Kobayashi smirked. If nothing else, this should prove to be entertaining.

###

True to Tohru's claims, hours passed before the first major landmark of desperation was hit. Dinner had been finished and eaten, without tail meat at Kobayashi's begging, so now it was time to clean up the dishes. That's when Tohru first noticed a need to pee, as the faucet was pouring water into the sink, her body giving the message that it would like to do the same. It wasn't the worst, but it was enough to get her to shuffle her legs around a little.

It was a very subtle movement, hidden well under her dress, but Kobayashi was on the watch and caught it. "Things getting bad over there, Tohru," she asked, a layer of amusement over the inflection, sipping a can of beer.

"Of course not," the haughty dragon replied. "This is nothing I haven't handled before!" Even if she was being truthful with that claim, she still winced at the feeling of submerging her hands in the bath of warm water she'd be using for the next half hour. She didn't know, but this was a common trick for getting someone to wet themselves, so enduring wouldn't be easy.

"Well, that's a shame. Probably would have let you go if you really needed it." Kobayashi was enjoying this perhaps a bit too much. "You better hope you don't last too long, it'd be a real problem if your limit was while I'm at work."

Tohru whined, but she didn't stop working. "If I keep following Miss Kobayashi's wishes, she's sure to reward me for it," she whispered.

Not quietly enough, it seems. "Don't count on it."

###

Tohru woke with a start in the total black of night. This wasn't totally unusual, she'd have nightmares every once in a while, but it was for a completely different reason this time. "I have to go so bad!" Her bladder was so full, she was constantly being forced into an awakened state in the hopes that she'd relent and answer her body's needs. The natural instincts just had nothing on her dedication to her master.

That resolve didn't make it easy, however. Laying on her back, she was rolling left and right, just stopping short of resting on her stomach in either direction. When she was sitting still, she was crossing her legs as tight as possible and rocking upwards. The whole time, she was moaning and gasping, one would be forgiven for thinking the dragon might explode in a matter of seconds.

And this violent struggle was sufficient to wake up Tohru's bedmate. "Lady Tohru, what's wrong," Kanna asked, rubbing sleepiness out of her eyes.

"I-it's nothing to worry about, Kanna. I just need to pee a bunch..." It hurt to even say it, at this point even a slight touch would probably set her off.

"Then why aren't you using the bathroom?" As someone who had an accident earlier, she really didn't comprehend why Tohru was purposefully putting herself in the same trap.

"It's an adult thing, Kanna, you won't understand until you get older. There are just certain things we have to do."

With no idea what Tohru was talking about, Kanna just gave up and went back to sleep, and the older dragon was alone once more. At least it seemed this was just a wave of intense desperation that had since passed. She was still in pain, but could charitably be described as "manageable" now. It was still a hassle to fall back asleep, and when she did, she dreamed of waterfalls, rivers, and other tortures.

###

"Please, Miss Kobayashi! Let me use the bathroom already!" Morning had come around after what felt like an eternity, and Tohru looked like trash. She looked pale and tired, her pajamas and hair were ragged, and she was doing the most frantic pee dance she could imagine.

Kobayashi had barely exited her bedroom before Tohru was on her, repeating variations on "let me use the bathroom", "I have to go so bad", "I can't hold it any longer", and other pleading. Instead of answering the request then, Kobayashi further taunted her maid by first using the toilet herself and pouring some coffee. Only then did she sit down and begin paying attention.

"I'm really going to pee myself soon, Miss Kobayashi!" She was panting heavily, her whole body trembling, sweating, eyes closed hard, knees pressed together, and her large tail kept whacking the wooden floor with a loud thud, along with her strong dragon foot rapidly tapping in a much faster rhythm, both no doubt disturbing whoever lived beneath them.

But besides all that, Kobayashi was starting to feel kind of bad. Even though she knew well enough the kind of devotion Tohru had for her, she really never expected her to go this far. She was just about to end it, when Tohru, on the verge of tears, shouted, "how can you humans put up with this?!"

The condescending way she said "you humans" lost some sympathy points. "Fine, you can go...if you get on your knees and beg."

"Uh...I-I would, but I can't really get down, you know?" Anything more than standing up straight, the external pressure on her bladder would be too much. But Kobayashi's stern stare was not faltering, she wasn't going to be the one to give in. Still shaking, she started sliding one foot back to lower her body to the ground to get on a single knee.

She was halfway to that position when the dam burst. Nearly in a squat position that just felt natural to let go in, the first spurt escaped. While Tohru used her scales as clothing, like other dragons did, that wardrobe did not include underwear, and the shirt that made her only pajamas didn't go down that far. As such, that first shot of pee had no obstruction on its way to the floor. It was the only loss for a few seconds, enough time for both Tohru and Kobayashi to notice and realize what was happening. It was dead silent as both stared at the little yellowed drop.

The rest soon followed with a loud hiss, as a thick stream of urine flowed freely onto the floor, forming a puddle with a roaring splash that made her earlier noises sound more like cotton balls falling in comparison. The collection of liquid continued to spread, surrounding Tohru's feet in a matter of seconds as its radius increased beyond even that size.

The whole time, the dragon's face turned red, to a point it was nearly glowing. She was making one amazing mess, that would have been embarrassing enough, but she was also doing it right in front of Miss Kobayashi while she was begging to use the bathroom. What kind of dragon, no, what kind of maid did that make her?

It took a minute of this incredibly strong peeing before it finally started cutting off. Finally, there was nothing else pouring out, the splashing echo died out and things were quiet again. But Tohru still looked stressed, straining to speak. "Finally...I stopped it..."

"Huh?! You're not finished yet," Kobayashi asked incredulously.

Tohru didn't ask for permission this time, she just got on her feet and bolted for the bathroom. Didn't sound like she had the time to shut the door, instead saving that second to get onto the toilet. And that one was more than heard, now that she could fully let go, the dragon let out one hell of a gushing pee that once again made everything prior seem more like child's play. And even that was almost drowned out by her screaming moan of ecstasy. No way the neighbors wouldn't be knocking on their door soon.

Trying to distract herself from almost needing to pee again purely from association, Kobayashi put her attention on the other half of the release. "Damn, that's amazing. I don't think I could match even that." And it was starting to smell, not quite like human urine but not dissimilar, so that needed to be cleaned up. She could wait for Tohru, but Kobayashi still got up and grabbed a roll of paper towels. "Better hope this stuff isn't caustic or something."

Taking a few seconds to bask in the relief once her bladder finally emptied, Tohru cleaned herself up and washed her claws. Thankfully, her shirt was so short, it didn't get caught in the crossfire and remained entirely dry, so there didn't need to be more laundry done. The dragon left the bathroom to return to her master, only to find her on her knees cleaning up the mess. "Miss Kobayashi, you don't need to do that! It's my mess, it's my work!"

"Don't worry about it, Tohru. It's pretty much my fault this happened, I'll take the fall for cleaning."

She was still a little emotional from the pleading not 5 minutes ago, so Tohru started crying, jumping onto Kobayashi and very nearly knocking her into the pee. "That's so nice, Miss Kobayashi!" Then she grabbed the paper towel roll from her hands, leaving her with the handful she had already pulled off. "But this is still my job as your amazing maid!"

"Don't go adding unnecessary adjectives." Still, Kobayashi did feel pretty proud of her maid for doing the right thing, like this was a secret test of character. And she was still in awe at the might of a dragon, that's a tidbit about the mythical species she'd be remembering.

*011*2017-03-16 22:03

Author's note: Proofread by MasterXploder. Getting close to finishing the dragons.

###

"Kobayashi, I require assistance!" The newest dragon to enter Kobayashi's life, Elma, was not limited to her home. This dragon had, by pure coincidence, started working the same job. And, as both were discovering, a programming job was not a smart choice for a mythical creature that had never seen technology. As such, she was relying on the red-haired veteran of computers a lot.

Kobayashi was starting to get used to the dependency, but she still hated being interrupted from her own work. "Alright, what's your problem now?" If another programmer was having issues with their code, it was generally a syntax error, maybe some Unicode, that's the mindset she was in. Which made what she found all the more "amazing".

"Let's see, you spelled that word wrong, you've got improper spacing here, you forgot closing brackets there, you're programming in Java language instead of Python, and that's not a character in any human language. How did you even type that?"

"You humans use complicated writings." Elma sipped some coffee she kept on her desk. It didn't provide any benefit to her, but it was part of the human disguise. She probably didn't need it, she already looked the part by hiding her horn and tail, wearing a suit with the jacket all the way on, and a pair of superficial glasses. Just, better safe than sorry, she needed the job to pay rent and food without a portal to the other world.

Kobayashi stroked Elma's hair, an action the reptile found great pleasure in. "Well, at your rate of progress, you'll get there soon enough." She walked back to her seat, mumbling something about spending years in college, and the dragon had to get back to work. Out of habit, she grabbed the mug and drank some more. She may not have felt the caffeine, but she appreciated the warmth, even without being fire-based.

With the cup half-empty, she almost helped herself to more, but thought better of it. Coffee was still liquid, and consuming enough of that had the same effect on dragons as it did on humans. It had been a long time coming, but Elma was really feeling her bladder's discomfort. Now was most certainly the time she'd be relieving herself, probably a good while before now, if she had the option.

Being the newest immigrant from a different world, Elma was still learning the intricacies of this human civilization. As an advocate of harmony between the two species, she had working knowledge of her native humans, but these ones were so much more advanced. She was particularly impressed with the water system for removing bodily waste installed in their living quarters, it made things much more convenient than finding a spot in nature for appropriate discretion.

Too bad it was still early in the workday. She had quite a few hours remaining before she could return home, so she had quite the wait ahead of her. As such, she found herself unintentionally placing one of her legs above the other, pressing her large thighs together just a bit. It helped calm her bladder down somewhat, assuring her that she'd be fine for a while longer.

Still, even with a dragon's liquid capacity, she'd want to consider all options, just in case things didn't go as planned. After all, holding it that long was asking a lot, and Elma had more than her share of potty emergencies in the past. Obviously, she'd avoid wetting herself above all else, or anything else equally attention-grabbing and/or embarrassing.

So, what alternatives did she have? Well, the most apparent was the mug she was already using for fluids, if she consumed its current contents first. Or maybe she could find something else in the building, if the slave drivers would allow her to leave her post. "Well, as the humans say, I can cross that bridge when I get to it."

###

Elma stuck to her plan of waiting until her desperation was a serious problem before giving it more thought, that lasted for another hour. However, now she needed to cross the river while the bridge was still out of view, and about to get wet because of it.

At this point, if anyone was focusing on the dragon instead of their own work, they'd see just how badly she was struggling. Her legs weren't crossed and her hands were firmly on the keyboard, but she was rocking forward and back, grinding her butt side to side in the seat, biting her bottom lip and blushing, her face sweating, almost chewing on the collar to her shirt. She missed the scarf on her ordinary outfit, it made for good nibbling when she was stressed. Even if the workers directly to her sides were looking, she wasn't quite in the state of mind to notice.

So far, she had done well at the arduous ordeal at keeping her clothes dry. Though, if she had as many layers on her lower half as her upper, it'd take quite the leak to be visible. Underneath her jacket, sweater, and collared shirt was her usual one-piece swimsuit, serving as the substitute for panties should someone look up her skirt. It would retain water better than ordinary underwear, but it wouldn't last forever. Not even their true identity as disguised scales meant anything when it came to this.

It wouldn't last much longer, not at this rate. Her first little trickle found its way out, sending the solid signal that she'd need to find some sort of way out, now. Once again, she looked longingly at her coffee mug, now emptied. It may have small capacity, but maybe she could use it for a slight bit of relief to take the edge off. If only she had the ability to mask the sound, the people were too densely packed to have any hope of keeping that secret.

So engrossed in her fight, Elma didn't even realize someone else had approached from behind. "How are you doing now," Kobayashi asked, leaning over the dragon's shoulder to get a better look at her screen. "Okay, you're using a double array when, with some clever code, you can save memory with a single array. Get that kind of thing locked down and you'll be at Computer Science 101 level in no time."

Kobayashi had come over with the intent of checking on her coworker's progress, so it took her a while before she noticed Elma's body movements, which had not eased down in the intermediate time. She really never expected to get so used to this sight. "Are you dragons just naturally stubborn, or do you all have something to prove?"

From the piercing way Kobayashi's dead-fish eyes were staring, Elma could tell her cover had been blown. The desperation part, not the dragon part, that one was long-established. "No, I'm not trying anything. I j-just..."

Before she could finish that thought, however long it would take to vocalize it, she was slapped on the back of the head. "Go to the bathroom."

Elma wanted to stay, ask what she was supposed to do, where she was supposed to go, but the human was scaring her, and trying to ask questions seemed like a bad idea. Instead, she stood up, did her best to straighten out and look normal, but still ran out of the office into the halls, probably drawing everyone's attention in the process.

"What do I do what do I do what do I do," she repeated as fast as her mouth would let her, looking around to find no witnesses, giving her the freedom to grab under her skirt with all the strength she could muster. Didn't take long before she discovered that was no longer enough and started dancing and shaking to ease her bladder just barely enough.

"This is bad, this is horrible," she muttered. Elma hadn't been this desperate since...actually, not that long ago. When she came through the portal to this world to challenge Tohru, she was put on a full day's detour by the chaos dragon, while she was determined not to interfere with the natural order by doing something like emptying her bladder. She had to relent just a bit in the empty field she was sent to, but the journey back to Japan after that was torture. She really wished she wouldn't have to suffer through that again, especially not so soon.

Once again, she had to plan out the options before her, from scratch this time. She no longer had anything on her, her only sources of relief would be in the environment. The most appealing would be to transform into her reptilian form and fly to her apartment to use the toilet, but that had to be rejected almost immediately. Ignoring that she probably couldn't hold it long enough anymore to do that, a dragon would certainly be noticed, and a follower of order had no need for Perception Blocking magic.

"Oohhhhhhh, I might just do it anywhere..." She was very close to accepting that, finding a secluded corner and making good on her word, but she just couldn't. After years of preaching harmony between humans and dragons, not interfering with their society, she couldn't cause such a huge mess for them.

With so much pressure that it seemed like she might pop any second, Elma couldn't prevent herself from crying in anguish, the tears getting the lenses of her glasses dirty and forcing her to remove them for the time being. She was holding so hard she was hurting even harder, her legs were pushing together and forcing her hands in farther, so close to her privates that following leaks were easily felt and making her more nervous, which made her lose further hold.

"Gonna...burst..." Her posture started faltering as her feet slid back on the hard carpet, ready to fall to her knees. If she didn't think of some solution soon, a huge portion of the rug would be soaked. With no forethought or planning, she ran through the nearest door at the other end of the hall, not caring what it housed. At least it was empty, the lights were out, but it was also cramped, she almost tripped over something while shutting the door behind her.

It didn't take long for Elma's powerful dragon eyes to adjust to the darkness, and subsequently deduce where she had ended up. "Aren't these the supplies the cleaning person uses?" That was good, that was really good. "I can make a mess and clean it up myself!" A wholesome thought, but a few too many steps to be viable, which her bladder wasted no time in screaming at her for by attempting to force its contents out.

"Or I can use that bucket!" It was about a foot deep with equal diameter, it should have appropriate capacity for a dragon at their limits from her experience with chamber pots. It felt wrong, but sometimes moral sacrifices needed to be made, before she exploded. She squatted down into a sitting position directly above the container, adjusting a few inches in various directions to properly center her ass. While keeping her skirt out of the way with her left hand, she slid her right hand down to pull the crotch of her swimsuit aside, but she just couldn't hold another second. "Whatever, that's fine..." Not like it couldn't get wet.

To say Elma peeing was loud would be a gross understatement. The Leviathan-caliber spray of water into the hard plastic bucket produced a deafening roar that echoed endlessly in the confines of the broom closet, and couldn't have been much quieter from the outside. It soon morphed into a crashing waterfall as the bucket filled with hot, foamy relief that lost absolutely no harshness to her sensitive ears. It was hard on her nose, too, that much urine left an awful lingering odor. And the very real possibility that someone may discover her in this awkward position kept her on her claws.

It did nothing to dampen Elma's spirits at the moment, however. "This feels...so good." Panting heavily, the blush that had remained on her face for so long increased in intensity, until she was a solid bright red. She was smiling hard with her eyes sparkling, in what would probably be the best she felt for a long time. If only there didn't have to be immense pain to get to this level of bliss.

She could stay in this moment of ecstasy for a lot longer than the current three minutes before getting tired of it, her leg muscles could handle it, but there was only so much pee she was capable of holding. Finally, her firehose of urine lessened, ending somewhere around thirty seconds after that. "Phew...oh, I needed that so badly." The shelf above her had a roll of paper towels, so she ripped one portion off and wiped herself down the best she could manage.

Finally, Elma was done. She could look over her handiwork, a nearly full bucket that was entirely void of contents when she found it. That was a lot of gallons. Though, being such a rule-abiding dragon, she wasn't done yet. "Okay, now how do I get rid of this?" Even if she was confident enough to take the bucket out, what would she do with it? Couldn't just dump it out the window, not with passers-by on the sidewalk below. She didn't know where else she could dispose of water in the building, either.

"Oh, the humans would know! With their small bladders, they have to have done this many times!" Perfect, she made a mental note of where this closet was as she ran back to her office, expecting everyone else to be drumming away on their computers as usual. Instead, they were standing, wandering around, putting on jackets like it was the end of the day when it wasn't even noon, and Elma needed an answer. "Kobayashi, what's happening?"

"Management says there's a broken pipe somewhere and they need to check it out. I'm willing to bet it was you, right?"

"I don't know! I need help, please!" She grabbed Kobayashi's hand and pulled her along out of the room.

###

Kobayashi was looking over what Elma had produced, or more accurately, where she had released it. "You used a bucket?"

"Yes, and I need to get rid of it! How do humans do it when they need to relieve themselves?"

"We use the bathroom. It's down the hall that way. You walk past it when you enter or leave the building, how did you not notice?"

Elma looked down in the direction being referred to. "That's what those symbols mean?! You have bathrooms outside your homes?!" Yet another difference from the humans she knew, so she was learning, just at the wrong time. "Why didn't you tell me before?!"

"Didn't you say you stood for and understood humans? I assumed you knew that basic fact already." She covered her nose as the strong smell of dragon pee hit her hard. "So you can deal with this yourself." She left Elma to clean her own mess as she wanted to go home already.

Alone again, Elma looked between where Kobayashi exited, her still-present problem, and at the bathroom once. At least she could dump the bucket in a toilet, but still, she was upset. "I'm sorry, but right now, I hate humans."

*014*2017-03-20 19:58

{{On 3/18/2017 at 6:58 PM, deepAzure said:

This was beautiful. I wonder if the non dragon characters will part of this?

}}

Well, running down the list of human characters that matter: I'm not interested in Saikawa in this sense, and she only works as a companion to Kanna. Kobayashi is surprisingly attractive, but she's too normal to work with. But after seeing pictures of his role in the school play, I'm heavily leaning towards Shouta playing a part in a hypothetical Lucoa chapter.

