When a Dragon Can't Hold (Miss Kobayashi's Dragon Maid)

Author: Captain L

*016*2017-05-02 01:51

Author's note: edited by MasterXploder. Surprised with the stuff you catch.

###

"You dragons are weird." Explaining to Tohru why she was home early, Kobayashi really had no choice but to also recount Elma's part of the story. That bit was how she ended the tale.

"You don't have to be so judging," the dragon replied. "I've seen you do some weird things when you need to use the bathroom too."

"Yeah yeah, I know, I piss myself when I'm drunk, you really don't have to keep reminding me."

"That's not what I was talking about this time..." Tohru nervously played with her fingers, rubbing her fingertips and tapping them on the back of the opposite hand. "Do you remember when we met?"

"When we first met? I was pretty black-out wasted, meeting a freaking dragon is hazy, no way I'd remember anything less."

"Aww..." Tohru's head fell, that the most important moment in her life was forgotten by the woman who made it so special. "Okay, then, it's my story time. Here's what happened..."

"Please don't exaggerate, I don't want to hear you making up something like 'I asked to grab your tits'."

###

"Woooooo!" Kobayashi was having a good time, most people do when they're so flat-out drunk they take the train to the mountains when they'd need to go to work the next morning. But it wasn't all bad, she didn't run into any bears that would maul a defenseless programmer. Just a giant dragon. Honestly, that should have been enough to kill her where her body would never be found, but she did the good deed of removing a fatal sword, so that earned her tolerance from the reptile.

And they were having a good conversation. Kobayashi was just venting about how much her life sucked, and Tohru, in a human form, was listening and agreeing despite her total lack of understanding of human culture. Kobayashi was just that charismatic, or something else that got Tohru invested in the discussion. Maybe it was just the alcohol, this woman's bender was lasting as long as she could manage.

"So...this is that alcohol that Lucoa mentioned?" Tohru looked over the cup her drinking partner had on her for some reason, trying to comprehend the appeal of a beverage that makes the drinker do some crazy stuff.

"Yeah! It's great, everything's fun now! I found a dragon, that's pretty rad!" She put her arm around Tohru's shoulder and swung them both side to side in a lazy attempt at a dance. To keep the party going, she reached into her coat. "Hold on, I got more!" She dug through every pocket on her person looking for the good stuff, but was unable to locate more booze. "Oh, I guess I'm out." She sulked and drooped her head, all sad and depressed.

Even though this Kobayashi was nothing more than a simple human, Tohru found herself a little disappointed that her stash was empty. "Wait here," she commanded, swiping her arm upwards to open a portal to her home world. The sudden surge of energy blew a wind around the women, most notably blowing Tohru's cloak all around. She had nothing on underneath, but right now, she didn't care. "I'll be right back." Wings sprouted from her back, and the dragon was gone.

So now Kobayashi had to entertain herself. Her first solution was taking in the scenery, the tranquil forest. She had ended up so far away from civilization, there were no sounds of modern society, just wind and the occasional hooting of an owl. Within seconds, she had seen all there was to see, and she fell over in a drunken stupor.

The impact rattled her body, not to the point she'd throw up, but it shook up a different organ. "Yep. Gotta piss." That was just an inevitability with how many drinks she had consumed, let alone alcohol. She could hold her liquor, but once it went south, that's when it got difficult. The last time she had voided herself was immediately before leaving the bar. How long ago was that? She couldn't even use the intervening events to gauge, given the weird stuff that had occurred in that time that could fill a year in her life's biography.

Point was, Kobayashi couldn't see herself returning to human culture any time soon. If she was to empty her bladder, it was going to be around here. That was fine with her, she had her share of experience with that kind of thing. That's what happened with long train rides from work, sometimes it just took too long and making it back home was an impossibility. After all, if no one would see, who really cared?

That was all the convincing the programmer needed, she stumbled back onto her feet and staggered towards one of the trees, her coat slipping off her shoulders somewhere along the line. Standing in front of the thick trunk, she prepared to squat down like girls do, but hesitated. She was drunk, she wasn't thinking straight, it was time to get experimental. "Let's try it standing up like a guy!" Instead, she began fumbling to remove her belt, she was still thinking enough to recognize she had the disadvantage of needing to remove her pants.

Just as she was unbuttoning, Tohru finally returned through the portal, carrying a large barrel over her shoulder. "I'm back! I found some really good alcohol from my home! Let's see how you handle..." In the middle of her proclamation, she finally noticed her drinking buddy's change in location. "Um, what are you doing?"

"Oh, hey dragon! I just gotta take a quick whiz!" It actually didn't matter she was being watched, at least when she wasn't sober, she resumed undressing, letting her pants fall to her ankles and showing off her appropriately-colored yellow panties. Tohru covered her nose to hide some sudden bleeding, which only escalated when Kobayashi continued by sliding that underwear down and exposing her butt.

Still, for reasons beyond the sudden arousal, Tohru was fascinated. She was raised to hate humans, that was programmed into her personality (even if she had made an exception in the past), yet she had put herself into a similar body for the time being. And, quite honestly, that body also felt the need to relieve itself now, with its owner having no idea how to do so. A demonstration would be of immediate benefit. To get the best view, the dragon dropped her haul and snuck next to the half-naked woman, around the circumference of the same tree.

If she even noticed, Kobayashi didn't mind. With her arms at her side, she tilted her hips forward to arc her privates away from her feet. Things looked clear, and she started peeing without a moment wasted. And damn, did it look relieving. It erupted from her in a thick rush, golden and clear, bubbling up and steaming once it hit the ground. The sigh that came out was broken and heavy, this could have been the best leak she'd had in a long time.

It just had one major error that ruined the whole thing. She was aiming to shoot forward, so it would run down the bark and pool at the roots. Instead, even with the attempt at an angle, her urine still managed to gain no distance, it crashed right into the front of her panties and soaked through into her dress pants. And of course, it took her too long to notice. "Aw, crap."

Tohru didn't have a frame of reference for how humans peeing was supposed to look, but even she could tell this wasn't right. "What are you trying to do?"

"Trying to piss standing up like a dude. Guess chicks can't really."

The dragon looked over Kobayashi, certain bits in particular, how those parts were working. She had no idea about any of the intricacies of human genitalia, she didn't even know much about the reptilian equivalent, but she was keen to solve the mystery. From her perspective, it seemed the issue was the initial slant, it just didn't provide forward momentum, it would need manual adjustment.

First things first, she'd need visual confirmation to fine tune the process. Tohru didn't need to put so much effort into undressing, she just flung the cloak off her body, becoming completely nude. She spread her feet apart to fully bring her dragonhood into the open, and started going. She wasn't as bursting as Kobayashi, so the result wasn't quite so forceful, but it looked just as nice. She could have kept at it like this, she wasn't wetting anything, but she was curious and wanted an answer.

Tohru took her hands and positioned them around her privates. The first touch involved her claws, and that's when she discovered this body was nowhere near as durable, that hurt and she yelped. Now she was being careful, retracting her talons and generally being a lot more gentle. She began playing with her personal waterfall, changing the type of spray to things like a thin, fan-like spread, the amount that instead ran down her legs, and the impact point. That last one in particular took a lot of finagling, but she did find the correct arrangement.

Satisfied, she relaxed and took in the relaxing feeling, with that perfect splash of pee against the wooden trunk, the golden stream cascading down through the cracks in the bark. Now this was an ideal bathroom visit. Except for the other girl directly to her left, that was a little weird, but she had brought that upon herself. "Hey, I figured it out!"

Just as the declaration of success was made, the adjacent water stream died. Kobayashi looked over at Tohru's success, and down at the puddle covering and beneath her shoes, and how much of it was now one with her pants. "Well, that sucks. Should have just squatted." Still, she shrugged and pulled her clothes back up. Lazily, though, she barely got past zipping and buttoning her pants before giving up, leaving her belt open and swinging free as she hobbled away, back to the new stash of hooch that marked what she now called home. "Come on, dragon! Pop the keg open and let's get back to partying!"

Tohru would have liked to comply, but she was kind of busy now. No matter how much golden release soaked into the dirt, more just kept coming to maintain and expand the puddle splayed out before her, big enough to be warming the soles of her feet. "Hurry up," she shouted, baring her sharp teeth like it would intimidate herself.

At least she was the only one frustrated, Kobayashi was watching from afar, intently and laughing. "Damn! How much can dragons piss?"

That caught Tohru off-guard, praise like that, from a human no less. "Uh...a lot? Maybe the same as I would in dragon form?" She just had to deal with the pipe releasing it being much smaller than it would be on her full body, thereby taking forever. As in, a full ten minutes before her bladder ran dry, with a resulting pool at the roots that could probably keep it watered for a month. And, as she soon discovered, she had not thrown her robe far, allowing it to get drenched off to the side, where no one had noticed it floating in dragon fluid. Somehow, she had managed to soak her clothes more than Kobayashi, there was barely a dry spot to hold it up by.

Still, she wasn't bothered. She barely cared about being naked, and she could clean it. In a move that would disgust most others, Tohru shoved the whole cloak into her mouth, swished it around her puffed-out cheeks, and spat it back out. Now it was perfectly clean, the power of magic at work, and she draped it back over her body. Ever easily impressed, Kobayashi clapped at the display of mythical power. Tohru looked at her audience, with her pants shining in the moonlight. "Do you want me to wash your clothes too?"

"Ooh, willing like a proper maid! Nah, I can survive a little dampness!" It seemed like a deliberate downplay of her own predicament, but she actually couldn't register how drenched she was under her own inebriation.

She had been talking about maids all night, and Tohru was familiar with the occupation, but that final statement had piqued her curiosity at last. "Okay, what is being a maid all about?"

Kobayashi broke into a huge smile and cracked her knuckles. "Alright then, listen up, dragon! You're entering a world you knew nothing of before now!" And thus, the office worker began a lecture worthy of a college professor, and Tohru was ready to learn. Even after Kobayashi finally passed out, was returned home, and returned to a kind of ordinary life, a dragon's lesson of maids continued for long after. Because she moved in with Kobayashi.

###

"Yeah yeah, I put that together."

"Huh," Tohru asked.

"That you moved in with me after that. Amazingly, I noticed."

"So I'm not a good storyteller?"

"Don't quit your day job," Kobayashi offered. "Actually, I suppose it was a little evocative."

"Really?"

"Yeah, I gotta piss now." The redhead got up and left for the bathroom, and her dragon maid was alone in the living room.

And she was fine with that. "Miss Kobayashi complimented me!" She freaked out the way humans usually did around their dragons, falling onto the couch in the process. It took nearly the entirety of Kobayashi's toilet visit for her to calm down, but she did eventually sit still. "I'm so glad I met you, Miss Kobayashi," she whispered lovingly.

Not quietly enough, it seems. "Don't make it weird," Kobayashi ordered, prompting Tohru to straighten out and sit upright under the master's request.

*018*2017-08-19 21:35

Author's note: Goddamn, MasterXploder, calm it down with the editing! A million things to fix on this one!

###

"How could my life get any worse?" Shouta Magatsuchi was savvy enough to know bad things happened to whoever tempted fate like that, but the fifth-grade boy honestly believed his words. True, a lot of facets to his existence were going well, his family was fine (whenever he saw them), his grades were good, even his magical talent was impressive for his age. There was just one thing ruining everything, and her name was Quetzalcoatl.

He had unintentionally summoned her into his home a while back while practicing magic, and she wouldn't leave. If that wasn't bad enough, the way she continued to cling to him was concerning, to put it lightly. She joined him in baths, slept into the same bed, and routinely suffocated him between her not sweater puppies, but full-grown sweater mastiff hounds. She was getting a lot closer to a young boy than most would be allowed, and that meant only one explanation: he had summoned a succubus that wanted to feed on him!

Quetzalcoatl, or Lucoa, had denied this many times, but Shouta didn't believe it. Aside from her horns, horns a demon would also have, she had no characteristics of the dragon she claimed to be, especially now that Shouta had seen other dragons to compare. Lucoa lacked a tail even when fully exposed, a state he had seen her in too many times to count.

Okay, maybe he had been growing closer to Lucoa over the months they had lived together, but then she'd do something that would sour his opinion of her again. Right now, the source of his frustration was a Christmas play the dragons' circle of friends was putting on for the elderly home. Even if he wasn't an actor, he wasn't too against that idea. The problem was where the rewrites of this script were going.

Initially, this was just supposed to be "The Little Match Girl", with Kanna in the title role. A hundred changes later, it now involved Shouta turning into a magical girl in the middle of the show, costume and all. Lucoa didn't even object to the humiliation, she was actually excited to see him in a dress. But everyone else was on board, and they had put so much time and pain into the production, it'd be mean to object now.

The real embarrassing thing now was, as they were nearing the performance time, Shouta needed help with his costume. He didn't have any idea how to put one of these on, especially not by himself, and he had no other male actors to help. So, he needed Lucoa to dress him, in full wardrobe that required he completely strip down. At least she was accommodating enough to not look when he changed underwear, though he wasn't convinced she didn't peek. It was hard to tell with her eyes always closed.

With no one looking, Shouta took in how pathetic he looked in this state of undress. They weren't even normal women's underwear like he had seen in his mom's laundry, more like white bloomers. That technically meant they covered more, but they were so...flowery, with all the fabric frills. This was already the most mortifying thing he had ever been subject to, and he hadn't even gone out in front of the crowd yet.

With no prompting, Lucoa decided it was okay to look now, and she smiled. "Ah, you look adorable, Shouta!"

Blushing hard, Shouta covered his nude chest with his forearms. "J-just help me put my costume on!" He didn't even want to see it happen, he closed his eyes and held his arms to his sides, opting to just let the demon handle it. He heard fabric rustling and Lucoa humming, leading up to the feeling of the soft material sliding onto his skin, over his torso and arms through the sleeves. It didn't feel like any clothing he had worn before, which wasn't an entirely bad thing, but the association of it being women's clothing made him hate it. Still, he kept quiet and let it happen without argument, if only to be done with it faster.

"Okay, you're all dressed!" Reluctantly, Shouta opened his eyes, gazing down towards the floor, seeing his body in the process. He had seen the yellow and orange dress before, even worn it for fitting purposes, but he hated how demeaning it was. He groaned and went limp with only enough muscle tension to remain standing. It was so uncomfortable, and the only light at the end of the tunnel was that he'd never need to do this again after today.

Actually, there just might have been a second source causing the irritation. "Why do I have to pee now," Shouta muttered, sliding the dress through his fingers. If he had the courage to ask before he had changed into this cumbersome costume, it would have been no trouble to visit the bathroom. Now, he'd have to go out in this thing, where he could be seen. He'd rather die than have to walk into the boy's room dressed like a girl. And he still wasn't done, he still needed the old Japanese outfit for the beginning of the show, before he transformed into a magical girl, on top of this. It'd be too much of a hassle to try and remove all of that clothing in a hurry, so either ask now and deal with the shame, or hold it for another half-hour.

"Is something bothering you, Shouta?" And, Lucoa's presence somewhat limited his options. He couldn't just casually ask for the toilet with her around, even back when it would have been more convenient. If he made something as private as using the bathroom known as a current need, this girl, with her total lack of respect for boundaries, would probably take that as an invitation to join him in the bathroom. That was a line he was not about to let be crossed.

"N-no, nothing's wrong!" He stood straight, rigid, balling his shivering hands into fists at his sides. "I just want to get this over with as fast as possible!"

Lucoa raised an eyebrow inquisitively, though her perpetually closed eyes made it more difficult to tell. She had clung to Shouta long enough to know he was usually an honest kid, with no hesitation in telling off the former goddess, a trait she found exciting. It didn't take an interpersonal genius to determine the boy was hiding something, something he wasn't about to share. She wouldn't push it if he wouldn't tell on his own accord. "We'll be back at home, celebrating Christmas together before you know it!"

"Don't ruin this holiday for me, she-witch!" Shouta would have run away from the temptress, if he didn't still have business in the dressing room. And that was taking up the limited time until curtains, leaving him no time to do his own business. "So I need to hold it...I can do that." Just survive a play and the time it'd take to change back into normal clothes, it wasn't impossible to believe he could handle that.

###

Well, it may not have been an "impossible" task, but that didn't mean it wouldn't be incredibly difficult. At this point, Shouta was undoubtedly, unarguably, unquestionably desperate beyond his wildest imagination. His bladder hurt so bad, positively exuding pain like a burning fire or a stabbing needle many times over, it felt as if he might die, or at least explode. And the worst part was, basically no time had passed. He was still waiting backstage to go out at all, let alone survive the acting. How did it get so bad so fast? Maybe a little too much juice with breakfast?

Yes, most of the cast was waiting behind the curtains for their cue with him, Shouta still couldn't help but give in to the instinct his bodily need demanded. The most he could do to maintain even the slightest dignity was hide out behind everyone else where they couldn't see him grabbing at his crotch. Unfortunately, beneath multiple layers of costume, his already weak grip was further dampened, as his clothes would also soon be.

"Ohhh, there's no chance...I'm going to have an accident," he complained, crossing his legs and bouncing. Granted, he recognized it could be worse, he could be having this epiphany on stage with everyone staring. He was still far too old to pee himself, he hadn't gotten this close to the brink in an incredibly long time, back when it was okay for him to wet his pants. This time, he'd be made fun of, and nothing could stop the fact that there'd be a flood.

The only kind of control he had left was where he'd be letting this one loose. Admittedly, the chance that it'd be all over the costume was growing in likelihood, either due to loss in control or just not caring any longer. Or he could...actually, he had no other ideas. Just let go on purpose and deal with the repercussions as they came. And he was starting to accept that, easing up on holding just a hair.

Still, even giving up, he didn't want to just do it out in the open. The rest of the cast was more occupied watching Kanna on stage, which also meant Shouta's cue was fast approaching, but they'd look if they heard a leak. Unless, he were to do it a little further away, perhaps in the shadows where he'd be harder to see as well. Like that dark corner behind them, partially obscured by various props and other things the senior center put into storage.

"I won't be noticed," he assured himself, hobbling over to the pile he had his eye on. "Just need to take it slow, stay quiet, and get it over with." Carefully, so as not to stumble over any of the debris, he lifted one leg up to his waist to clear the height. It was a necessary step, but a bad idea all the same, that kind of wide motion put serious strain on his ability to keep hold. Somehow, miraculously, it didn't completely spell doom, but it did mark the first drops finding their way out into the underwear, buried beneath so much clothing. At least that meant it would take a lot more to be visible, but it meant his frantic clutching at his crotch had little effect.

"Nonononononono..." Shouta needed to cross his legs then and there to avoid total soaking. Problem was, he was in a precarious position, where the sudden movement sent him tumbling over. In some respect, that was worse than a little spurt, because crashing through the junk piled up was loud, absolutely guaranteed to get the attention of the girls backstage with him, and probably everyone in the audience.

As he feared, the crash got the attention of everyone in sight, aside from Kanna being a true thespian and not breaking character. There were a few assorted shouts of concern that Shouta couldn't individually identify, but Lucoa's stuck out to him, maybe because she was the only one to rush to his aid.

"Shouta, are you alright?!" Her calm demeanor and composure were suddenly missing as she ran to her human's side, her usually closed eyes open and looking actually worried for his safety. However, the sincerity was somewhat dulled by the way her body bounced in her magical fairy costume that somehow covered less than her swimsuit, or at least the one deemed appropriate for the public.

Shouta had to admit, despite all the things Lucoa had done to him, he did always tend to get lost in her eyes whenever she opened them. He gladly took her outstretched hand, and wet himself a little more as she pulled him back to this feet. Yes, this was the least amount of privacy he'd had all day, but he couldn't act like nothing was wrong anymore. "I can't hold it...I have to pee right now!" He had no choice but to grab himself with the strength he had remaining, his need as bare as Lucoa's body.

Without any warning, he was pulled into a soft hug, with plenty of padding for his head. "That's all? It's okay," Lucoa's gentle voice reassured, "nothing to be worried about. I'll get you to the bathroom."

"B-but, I d-don't have time," Shouta stuttered and cried, tears running down his cheeks, holding back nothing.

"It's fine," Elma the director chimed in. "This isn't a professional production or anything. Hurry up." She flicked her hand towards them, shooing them away, walking backwards onto the stage to address the audience about the sudden delay.

Shouta couldn't react quickly, allowing his dragon to pick him up while facing away, delicate as she could so as to not startle him any more than necessary, and hoisted him onto her back, pressed against her fake wings. "W-wait! If I don't make it, you'll-"

"Just need to use some magic. Focus on holding, I'll handle the rest." Without any strength to argue, Shouta stayed silent aside from muted grunts to himself, and the blonde woman carried him out into the halls. For such an on-the-spot action, she had put a surprising amount of thought into the way she carried her rider. Bending forward at a slight angle, he could lean against her to avoid falling backwards, and her arms were supporting him from below, eliminating the need for him to grab her shoulders, freeing them for the imperative crotch grabbing. If her grip wasn't so solid, he'd fall from the amount of squirming he was doing.

She had rushed out from backstage like a hero, but Lucoa had made a critical mistake: she had no idea where the bathrooms in this building were. It wasn't big, she'd find them just by wandering around, the question was if Shouta had that time. His squeals of pain were frequent, she could feel his chest heaving against her back, it was a pretty clear final throes of desperation. Maybe he just needed a distraction, something to listen to. "Were you planning to go in the corner backstage?" She waited for a response, of course nothing came, but she did get a whine that could be translated as affirmative. "I've done it in a lot weirder places than that when I needed to. Nothing to be ashamed of."

The poor little boy really didn't need to hear any anecdotes about pee at the moment. Lucoa wasn't going into any detail, thankfully, but now Shouta was thinking about her whizzing. She was big, she could probably go a lot with so few visits, especially considering he had never seen her use the bathroom despite living together. And, wherever she came from, she probably just went wherever she wanted to. He was picturing it already, Lucoa pulling her usual jean shorts down somewhere public with no regard to modesty and answering nature's call.

Granted, it wasn't a detailed fantasy, not without any idea how women peed, but it was enough. Not that it had ever meaningfully stopped, but his spurts of urine grew more powerful, he could feel the power of them exiting his body, drenching the clothes in its path. It was impossible the soaking was still limited to his underwear, it had to be spreading to the dress by now. Who knew how long the outer costume would last?

Truth be told, the dragon was already feeling the streams of warmth running down her bare back. Even with the costumes, Shouta's legs were still pretty exposed. It didn't gross Lucoa out, she had done much weirder and more disgusting things in her many years, but it was a sign that her little charge couldn't make it much further. A certain part of her wanted to tell Shouta he could wet himself if he needed to, while another part wanted to drop him on his feet and tell him he could pee on the floor.

But, right before she had to make a decision between the two, one of the doors on the wall stood out to her, with its black plastic plaque reading "men". Lucoa, the former goddess, had to thank her previous coworkers for that miracle. "Shouta! We made it to the bathroom!"

The purple-haired kid wanted so bad to jump off his ride and bolt into the boy's room, but he wasn't so confident it'd work as he imagined. "I...I still need your help."

"That's what I expected." All the residents of the home were in the audience, so no one would see the disregard for gender division, not that Lucoa would ever care. She was surprisingly together, with a plan fully in mind and executing right away. She ran right to the urinal closest to the door, one of the short ones, stood directly in front of it like she was using it herself, and dropped Shouta slowly behind her. She lifted him up by the armpits and shoved him in front of the commode.

Not backing away beyond that, Lucoa waited for her human to get started, for him to undress and pee, get that relief he had needed all this time. But, no matter how long she stood by patiently, he never did anything else besides dancing, crossing his legs and bouncing. Inside, Shouta was in ridiculous pain, his bladder cramped up and his privates burning, he couldn't do anything but hold and even that was failing. He was right in front of the toilet, he direly needed to use it, but he couldn't move his clothes. That pure ironic torture, combined with all the physical agony, pushed him to the point where he had no choice but to cry.

That sound, absolute sadness from someone so close to her, lit a fire in Lucoa's eyes. She couldn't stand by and do nothing about this, so she knelt down to better match Shouta's height, darting her hands around his body to undo the ties of the outer costume. It was meant to come off in a matter of seconds with quick magic, but it still needed to physically be able to move, and his arms keeping a fierce grip was not working with the sleeves. She couldn't just ask him to let go for a second, or there'd be a puddle that made all this struggle for nothing. Already, droplets were growing to be easily visible, it would only get worse soon.

There was no way to come out of this fully victorious, so it was all about minimizing the damage. He needed his clothes off as quick as possible without totally wetting himself. Shouta couldn't do anything, so it was up to Lucoa, who pried one arm away from his crotch at a time, sliding the top off one section at a time. Both time a hand was removed, Shouta cried out, and a little more golden liquid dribbled onto the floor before his arm was freed from the sleeve and he immediately grabbed himself again.

It wasn't without a lot of wetting, but Shouta was down in nothing more than the dress. And it looked pitiful, not just the emasculation, but the stain on the front easily visible from the side. While most of the dress was yellow, the bottom was orange and white, which showed the dark wetness even more. It was large, shining, and sad. But he did realize there was so little between him and that sweet relief, and he lifted the hem of the dress to expose his absolutely soaked underwear, the wet patch continuously growing and dripping. The quantity may have been nothing to Lucoa, but if the roles were reversed, Shouta would be amazed a full accident hadn't taken place.

Once again, the dragon was going to let her human deal with the rest himself, but once more, he couldn't do anything else. Nothing but bloomers in the way, but he couldn't move them. Finally, after coming this far, time was up. First there was a hissing noise, quickly followed by a small yellow trickle arcing out from the front, with little distance before falling and crashing onto the floor.

He had somehow managed to retain some control over his bladder, but there was no way he could keep it. He was in agony still fighting to keep that modicum, peeing himself slowly was the extent of his power. If he was alone...he wouldn't have made it anywhere close to the bathroom, but just at this moment, he'd have an accident inches from the urinal.

Lucky for him, he wasn't alone. Not that she ever respected these kinds of boundaries, but Lucoa asked no permission, just reached down to the front of Shouta's underwear and pulled the waistband down, enough for his boyhood to slide into the open, wet from pressing against the garment, and a steady stream of urine dribbling from the tip. It didn't have nearly the right angle to flow into the toilet, with the way it was pointed down, but Lucoa fixed that by grabbing the small shaft and aiming it herself.

It's unknown whether Shouta even realized what was happening, but once he was properly positioned, he relinquished all restraint and began spraying the back wall of the urinal down. And, for a kid, the force was incredible. It sounded like someone filling a bath, and the quantity of pee running out stiffened the penis in Lucoa's grip. The small pool of water at the foot of the porcelain fixture was rising and dyeing a deep gold, and the torrent just wouldn't stop.

That last point wasn't even bothering Shouta, because this felt so relieving. Completely accidentally, he had been pushed to his absolute bodily limit, he couldn't have help another drop. Yet somehow, in spite of all that, he had made it to the bathroom. His eyes were closed, head hanging back, and his mouth dropped open. "Ohhhhh..."

Half a minute later, he realized, he'd be at this for a while longer, and he was over the initial shock of the bliss. Now was the time to get something off his chest. "Listen, Lucoa...thank you so much for your help. There was no chance I would have made it without..." Only then, with his eyes open, did he realize what she had been doing. He had gone kind of numb down below quite a while ago, so this was his first exposure. His face turned bright red, his jaw stayed open, and all he could vocalize was a couple light chokes of shock.

Lucoa didn't reel back, defend herself, or do anything to indicate remorse. Instead, she looked him in the eyes and smiled. "You're all good? I'm glad you didn't have to wet yourself...well, not that much. And you're so cute down here!" She didn't disturb the fire hose of pee, but she did slide his junk through her fingers a little.

How could Shouta respond to that? That was something incredibly inappropriate, and she had just casually done it like it was nothing unusual. Maybe she didn't know better? No, the concept of "bad touch" still had to be a thing wherever she came from. He couldn't say anything, the sheer audacity of her actions made him forget what was so wrong with those actions. He didn't take his parts back into his own hands, just kept holding up the wet dress.

Finally, his pulsing flood eased up, over a minute after he lost it. For his size and the power he was releasing, that was a large volume, something he'd struggle to match again, even as an adult. Busy keeping clothes out of the way, for the little good it did keeping them dry, Lucoa picked up the slack and shook him dry, tucking his member back into the underwear, getting it wet all over again. She had a little trouble getting it back in its proper place, it seemed to be a little..."harder" than usual from her touch.

With his parts back in their private place, Shouta wasted no time dropping the dress and backing away. "N-never do that again!"

"Huh? But you needed it," Lucoa pouted, "you would have been all wet without it!"

Shouta took a deep breath to regain his composure. "I appreciate that, and thank you again for helping me. But try to leave my junk out of it!" For the hundredth time that day, he covered his crotch, but without any grip this time.

Lucoa seemed confused, like she seriously didn't understand why Shouta's little man would be such a touchy subject. Maybe it was just smarter to move onto the pressing matter. "Let me fix your clothes. Stay still." She held out her right hand, a red magic circle materialized and spun, and in a flash of light, Shouta's costume was completely dry. "There, just like new! Don't forget to take your other costume!"

In disbelief, Shouta felt up the dress, amazed that it was truly dry. "W-wow...thanks. You're a good...whatever you are." Maybe he was starting to doubt his interpretation of the beautiful woman that lived in his house. Maybe she wasn't so bad.

Or so he thought, until another thought occurred to him. "Wait, if you could clean up a mess, why did I have to wait all the way here? I almost died!"

"Wouldn't you have rather gone in the bathroom? You wouldn't have wanted to be seen backstage, right?"

"Yeah, I'd rather use the bathroom, if I wasn't in constant agony all the way here! I could have just gone into the hallway, wet myself, and skipped this whole thing!"

The two continued to argue, Lucoa being the more assertive, but Shouta wasn't backing down either. They debated over the pain, the location, the concepts of modesty and societal expectations, and the privacy of Shouta's penis, the point he argued strongest about. They got so heated that they forgot they were doing something before this little potty break, lost in the yelling. But somehow, this felt right, like this kind of divide was the way their relationship was supposed to be.

&&

*022*2021-08-30 00:49

{{3 hours ago, HaHaTimeForOmo said:

The revelation that Lucoa can fire an actual bladder-filling laser puts this whole chapter in a new light

}}

Since I just happened to write myself an in with Shouta not understanding how he could be so desperate already, it seems likely in this canon that Lucoa intervened. I've already decided that she must find the sight of Shouta squirmy and holding to be extremely cute, she wouldn't miss out on the chance to see him in that state while dressed like a girl.
