Hurry up and leave so I can pee!

Author: Citrus

*000*2020-04-18 19:44

BATHROOOOM!!!

That's all Kate could think about at the moment. Whatever her professor was talkin about was irrelevant to her. All she wanted was to relieve herself of this ever so growing need she was feeling down below. She tried everything to keep herself composed, but her fidgeting was starting to get to an uncontrollable level. She only had to wait a few more minutes and she would be free to find herself a nice clean porcelain throne.

Once the minute was over Kate was out of that room before most people had even packed up their belongings. With that being done Kate had to figure out where to go from here. She could go over to the bathrooms down the hall, but they would surely be full of other girls. Perhaps maybe down by the cafeteria? If it was any other time then she could, but people would definitely be down there enjoying some lunch, and people being in the cafeteria meant people being in the bathrooms.

This isn't the first time she's been in a situation like this. Social anxiety can make it very hard for her to find time to use these services for herself, so she was more than prepared to have to endure this nagging feeling for a little while longer if it meant she could have an empty bathroom all to herself. After pondering for a little while longer she finally had it all figured out.

"I can go down to the Auditorium! No one's down there at this time"

With her deciscion made she began the long, and tedious walk to the auditorium. She could've also gone back to her dorm to use that bathroom, however those were located much further away, and she had very little hopes of making it there before the auditorium. Walking to the auditorium meant she'd have to go down a few flights of stairs, walk outside past the fountain in the front, and eventually she would reach her destination.

Going down the stairs isn't normally a difficult thing for her to do, but the situation was dire. With each step she took her body begged to release itself of its burden. After many careful steps, and a few momentary breaks to gain composure she had cleared the first hurdle.

Now was the next challenge, walking past the fountain. The fountain in the middle of campus is a beautiful creation, designed and built by the finest designers on their side of the country. Kate couldn't help but give the fountain a glance as she walked past it. As she glanced over to the fountain the sight of the water was a bit too much for her body, and her muscles weakened just enough for a little bit to leak out and leave her underwear damp enough to really feel it. She gritted her teeth a little bit and seized up everything in her to get the leak to stop. Once she was back in control she hurried her pace to the auditorium. She couldn't hold on much longer.

And finally, with everything else behind her, she arrived at her destination. After checking to make sure everyone was gone she made a mad dash for the girls room. With one hand pressed firmly into her nether regions she opened up the door to the bathroom. No one was inside.

"Thank God!"

Kate hurried over to a stall and closed the stall behind her. Unbuttoned her jeans and sat down. Just as she was about to finally be over with this her third, and most difficult task, walked into the bathroom.

Nooo!

Who was still here? Why were they still here? These questions raced through her mind as she tightened up her grip on her muscles. Looking down onto the floor she recognized the shoes the other girl was wearing. A pair of black low top Converse shoes? These shoes belonged to Tiffany, the leader of the Drama team. She must've stayed behind to put up some equipment.

Kate was panicking at this point. Here she was half naked about to pee, and someone has walked in on her and forced her to wait until they leave. As Kate watched Tiffany walk out of sight all she had to rely on was her hearing. She heard Tiffany open up a stall and undo what sounded like a belt

PLEASE DONT!

Without any hesitation Tiffany began to let her own floodgates open. What started out as a small trickle turned into a loud and steady hiss. Hearing this was too much for Kate. She covered up her ears and tried everything in her power to hold on. Even with her hands over her ears she could still hear everything. Her entire body was shaking uncontrollably as she was forced to listen. After what seemed like an eternity Tiffany was finally done, and flushed. Kate was thanking her lucky stars she had made it past this point.

What Kate didn't account for was Tiffany washing her hands. As Tiffany washed up Kate was starting to feel weak. She felt her muscles let a little more out and felt a small whimper exit her mouth. She covered up her mouth to stop anymore of those from exiting her. Tiffany finished washing her hands and dried them off with some paper towels. As Tiffany was getting ready to exit a loud whimper bled through Kates hand and found its way into Tiffany's ears. Tiffany turned around and walked up to the locked stall door and knocked.

"Hey, you okay in there?"

Kate was freaking out now. Tears were starting to form in her eyes. Kate hastily removed her hand from her mouth and replied back

"I-I'm fine. T-Thank you..."

"Are you sure? You sound like you're really upset"

While listening to this Kate's body let out a loud spurt. The sound echoed throughout the bathroom.

"Um. What exactly are you doing in there?"

"NOTHING!!!"

"Well it has to be something. I heard that"

A bit of an awkward silence ensued, then Tiffany spoke up again

"Y'know if ya gotta go, then just go. We're both girls. You don't gotta wait for me to leave"

"Wh-wh-what?"

"What're ya stuttering for? It's just pee. Go ahead, pee"

"Y-y-you don't u-underst-tand"

"Don't understand what? That you're acting like a big baby right now? Just pee already haha"

"P-please leave me a-alone"

"I aint going anywhere until you pee, ya child"

Kate was full blow crying to herself now. She knew that Tiffany could be mean, but she didn't think she'd be THIS mean. Kate kept begging her to leave

"Please l-leave me alone, i'm b-b-begging you!"

"Hurry up and finish your business then ya baby, or do you need to be put back in diapers? Because you sure act like you need to"

After much begging Kate ran out of words to say. Her body was burning hot, tired, and just wanted peace. She had no other choice. After many attempts to keep this as quiet as possible she decided enough was enough.

The instant her body let her muscles go her pee flew out of her like water from a fire hose. The relief was beyond what she had expected it to be. Kate covered her mouth with her second hand and began breathing heavily into them. Her entire body was shaking as she pushed all of it out of her. Kate felt like she was floating around in ecstacy, and there was no stopping her now. Once she finished up her hands dropped to her sides and she leaned back and looked up at the ceiling.

"See? Now that wasn't so bad, was it?"

Kate didn't say anything back. She was in her own little world.

"Hey, sorry if I sounded kinda mean. I get how ya feel, I was super scared of going to the bathroom with others around too, but it's a childish fear in my opinion, and it really bugs me when I see other girls who are affected by it. I hope I didn't upset ya too much. See ya around sometime"

And with that Tiffany left the bathroom. Kate sat there for a good few minutes to catch her breath. Once she was ready she finished her business and started her walk back to the cafeteria. She deserved something good to eat after all that.

