Bad Luck in the Office

Author: Cupcakes85

*003*2021-02-08 17:24

Second to last post! Things get a little more steamy in this portion, but we still have one final section before our grand finale. Please let me know what you think in the comments, I'm always looking to improve my writing!

"What's wrong?" I gasped on reflex, going around to see Freya holding a knob that was frighteningly locked in place. Heart going stone cold still at the sight, I looked to her face in distressed pleading for an answer, not bearing to accept what I was seeing and hoping I was hallucinating things in my plight. Lovely waves of red hair swept wildly over her shoulders as she threw a glance back to me.

"Oh... Nothing! Card is just being a pain. One second..." she explained in a hurry, ordinarily in control voice twinged with enough worry to set my heart back to hammering. Between my bulging bladder and the immediate torrent of fear I felt certain I was about to burst at that very moment under the strain of it all. Trembling enough that the beam of light from my phone did the same, I watched with nonexistent hope as the panel beside the door was swiped by the identification card, only for it to buzz out disapproval and flash red in rejection. Tears misted my vision at the sight.

"Why isn't it opening?" I said as unrestrained worry cracked my voice, watching her attempt another swipe only to get the same results. Shoving a hand down on reflex and rubbing my thighs together at the surge of desperation that came from my panic, I felt the wetness of my panties more clearly than ever against my pussy, and I had to pray the dampness came from sweat. It would hardly be a stretch to imagine I was leaking now though, as the tight ball of my bladder felt more like a solid stone of agony my body could barely contain, and the idea of droplets squeezing out was quite feasible.

At that thought of dripping my way to a full accident the horrible reality of the situation dawned on me. Without a way out, we'd be stuck in here for God knows how long, and I'd barely had minutes to spare when everything had been going to plan. Now my prospects were looking far... damper. My voice almost cracked with emotion again as I continued to try and hope for Freya to save us with a surprise idea or tool of hers. "You have access to everything, right?"

"I do! I mean, I should, unless..." she drifted off and took a much closer look at the panel, and whilst her back was turned I began to shift my weight between my trembling legs, going back and forth in an anxious little jig to have some kind of relief. It was of little help when I saw the unthinkable captured by my shaking phone light; fear on her always unshakable expression. "Ah, this isn't great."

"F-Freya?!" I cried out in hopeless agony, voice so strained it barely made a whisper despite my frenzy. The details of whatever she was about to say mattered little to the conclusion I'd already arrived at. The door wasn't going to open, we were the only people in the whole building, and there was no other way out of this tiny room and certainly no toilet or privacy within. I could feel sweat gathering in fat beads on my body as my breathing grew fast and labored, the inevitable end of this nightmare dawning on me with agonizing clarity. Without a way out I'd eventually be forced to pee where I was, and right now I was in a very small room with my beautiful boss as a witness... Hell itself couldn't have come up with a more torturous punishment.

Still not looking at me, Freya began fiddling with the panel as she talked, backside jutting out like a shelf as she bent down to be eye level with the source of our current imprisonment. While the sight of her ass presented without a hint of modesty ordinarily would have dropped me to the floor, as it was I was too far gone to see much of anything in detail, my fear and desperation making me feel like the world was somehow moving on and leaving me frozen in time. Even her voice was little more than a muffled echo on the edge of my perception. "I'm thinking... When we had our last upgrade not all the units were able to handle the new program, so they were left out to be added later. This must have been one of them, so my card is useless here."

"We're stuck?! Forever?!" I gasped in terribly dramatic fashion, the pain and humiliation of my predicament so great I couldn't control the volume of my voice. Our imprisonment may as well have been forever with how critical my need for a bathroom was; in fact, just these few additional seconds of waiting were far more than I had to spare. Even with the most optimistic of attitudes it was impossible not to realize I'd be wetting myself before I could even hope to reach a toilet, no matter how hard I tried to hold it. There was just too much to keep in for any significant length of time, despite how terribly I wanted it to stay inside of me.

The mere thought of how inevitable it all was made me sniffle in preemptive humiliation. Whitened knuckles marked a frantic grip on my pussy through my skirt that was almost painful, the numbed tips of my fingers sealing the exit to the best of their ability, but they were hardly going to be able to keep it up forever. Beneath them my urethra ached to open and let the floodwaters descend, a desire the most forbidden parts of my mind echoed with glee, so much glee in fact it was hard to keep pretending I would have a say in the matter after my little hole reached its physical limit. The speed of all this physical development was greatly enhanced by my recent loss of hope.

"No! Definitely not... I just need to get a hold of someone who can get us out. Worst case scenario; the night guard shows up for his shift in about an hour." Freya said as she gave up on swiping her card through the panel. Barely visible frustration on her beautiful features vanished in a single breath, replaced by a certain smile in sync to her turning around on the spot and standing tall.

As was so often the case when things got rough, she kept her outward appearance confident to reassure those around her, despite me being her only company. No matter her intent, the agony of having her eyes on me was immediate. In the nick of time I withdrew my hands from my skirt, and in the same movement I was crossing my legs to replace the lost pressure in a manner I prayed was inconspicuous, though it wasn't nearly as effective as using my fingers. I turned my head to hide the tears dotting the edges of my eyes to ensure there was no trace of struggle, still determined to hide my desperation at all costs.

While her efforts were appreciated, there was no solace in any of them, especially her promise for our rescue. An hour was several times over again the amount of time I had left at best. Every bit of strength and willpower in my body working in tandem would still see me having an accident in a quarter of that much time. What would Freya do when that happened? My infatuated heart almost broke at the very real possibility of her being disgusted with my weakness, as I knew no amount of easygoing attitude could allow such a successful woman to look past a juvenile loss of control like an accident. Being in my office clothes would only make it worse, thanks to my pretty white skirt offering no way to hide a stream and being right in the line of its fire. The only way to save it would be to, even more unthinkably, squat down and pull it away from my release when the time came. My pristine cotton panties were already a lost cause and would probably be worse by then...

My voice was a soft whimper of crushed defeat in the darkness. "An hour? Oh no..."

"I'm so sorry, I didn't even think before I closed the door behind me..." Freya apologized, her gentle tone stinging because I knew it was destined to change the moment she became aware of my predicament. To think I'd been so close to getting out of here dry and being able to look back on this as a precious bonding moment between us... I'd never been foolish enough to believe she'd ever have feelings for me in a million years, but a nice and cordial work friendship would have been a lovely prize. Hard throbbing in my pussy mocked me with how my image in the eyes of the other woman was soon going to be so damaged I'd never be able to fix it, and as the sweat on my body thickened with every moment I had to wonder just how much longer I had until hitting my limit. No matter what the answer was, time was hardly passing like it was supposed to, and I felt more like I was in a torturous alternate reality than an office.

Seeing my uncontrolled expression of terror, my unknowing boss smiled sweetly in reassurance as she took out her phone, soft blue eyes catching just enough light to let me see the kindness I didn't deserve within. A fear of the dark or an aversion to cramped spaces of some kind was probably all she chocked up my reaction to be. "Let me get to work on some phone calls real quick, and I'll see if I can get us some help."

"O-okay." I croaked with just enough volume to be heard, backing up to give her and myself much needed space. As soon as her phone was out and her back was turned I ceased paying much attention to Freya or anything outside my own thoughts; which were quickly consumed until nothing but my need for a toilet remained. Knowing I'd never get out in time didn't just humiliate me, it created some terrible, forbidden temptation to just take control and find relief in a corner.

It would be mortifying, crass, and undignified sure; but at least I would be in charge. The alternative was fighting until I couldn't anymore and peeing down my own legs in hopeless denial... Just the strain of being forced between these two awful choices made me want to cry again, and it occured to me I'd never been in a situation that more perfectly exemplified what it meant to be between a rock and a hard place. Turning my own back to my boss, I let my face twist into a grimace of pain and humiliation, my hands dropping once more to wedge between my thighs. Their added strength would at least buy me a little more time.

Without the distraction of conversation or movement there was nothing to keep me occupied, leaving me to experience the full force of the unpleasant sensations in my body for the first time. Every agonizing little detail registered with perfect clarity, inside and out. My bladder was large enough to create a prominent swell on my midsection, which jutted out ridiculously on my usually flat tummy as its cargo sloshed about. The overburdened organ was so sensitive it begged for the removal of all outside pressure, even the light push of the thin elastic band atop my skirt. Obviously that wouldn't be happening...

Holding the swell with one tender hand, I used the other to burrow deeper between my thighs and block the exit using my own fingertips as a seal. Sweat from my exertion greeted my fingers as they tunneled beneath my skirt, my wrist straining as I contorted like a pretzel to fit all of my hand between my thighs. Not heeding the pain, I kept my focus on blocking the tiny hole that would soon give in, an inevitability made even more apparent by how incredibly wet my panties were on contact. The cotton must have been soaking up everything, allowing its greedy fibers to drink to the point of saturation.

To my greatest horror of all, the wetness was obviously not just from accidental tinkles. A few droplets of urine mixed with the sweat of my exertion made it damp as expected, but the slickness of arousal was thick and plentiful over the pronounced mounds of my pussy. Hot lubrication was almost dripping through my panties, showing no sign of stopping and making it nearly impossible for me to lock my hand over the exit without slipping.

"Thea?"

The gentle whisper reminded me I still had an audience to contend with, and I held back a keen while lifting my phone to mime casual scrolling. Despite our imprisonment I was determined to keep up my act, even with no chance of escape. Knowing it was a futile effort made me no less willing to share my predicament. Strained as could be, I tilted my head in vague acknowledgement of her presence, voice barely more than a croak as I replied. "Y-yes?!"

"Is something wrong?" Freya asked from behind me, heels tapping softly against the carpet as she took a few steps. I didn't need to turn around to figure out she was approaching. The proximity awakened a new kind of fear in me; one quite akin to a vulnerable prey animal caught in the open. Like that helpless animal, I froze, save for the mindless scrolling of my thumb on my phone screen to maintain my illusion. Her voice was a gentle whisper just behind me. "Is there something wrong that maybe is a little... private?"

Every word was a blow to my already pitiful confidence, but her last hit my entire being like a truck, shattering my world around me. Spinning my upper body around, I pulled slick fingers from my crotch and tried to let my skirt fall into place naturally, praying the white fabric didn't betray me. Heat from a few additional droplets seeking an escape forced my legs together like a vice, leaving me in a position so ridiculous and suspicious that if my desperation hadn't already been obvious, it had to be like a fireworks display now. Not that I was capable of doing anything better.

"It's... I just never got to have dinner!" I croaked out with something that only resembled a smile. Heavy sweat tickling a path down my nose didn't help me hold still, in fact, enduring the delicate touch atop every other struggle all but broke me on the spot. Determination born from delirium, and an inconvenient infatuation with her, were all that kept me from confessing. All of that together forced me to keep acting and to stand in a manner far less likely to arouse suspicion. The posture required leaving my narrow back facing my boss whilst I drummed up another excuse. "And I don't like the dark... And I'm c-claustrophobic."

The hopelessness of it all hit me like another wave of urgency to pee. Even with my back to her my pose and rigid posture made it abundantly clear something was wrong, and the hand I now needed between my legs wasn't especially hard to spot, making it quite easy to guess what the source of all the fuss was.

"You don't have to be embarrassed." Came the gentle voice again. Biting my lip from the pain of another spasm on the tiny hole I was relying on, I felt heavy tears fill my eyes to the brim, certain she would change her tune in the seconds left before she figured everything out. What would she be like then? How would I endure the humiliation of having a captive and disgusted audience? Most importantly, would she ever want to see me again?

"Do you need to use the bathroom?"

I jolted with such force that a new burst of warmth blossomed in my panties for a single instant.

"O-of course not!" I cried out in a harsh tone made all the more jarring by how much it contrasted with the gentle words spoken just moments before. Twirling halfway to face her, I let a few tears fall as the not so tiny leak allowed a few hot droplets to roll down my thighs. They hadn't even reached my knees when the other woman looked to me with obvious but good natured pity.

"Thea, it's alright." Freya said in a still caring voice, her tone and expression soft and compassionate despite everything telling me she should have been anything but. I'd mentally prepared myself to endure whatever well deserved dressing down had to have been in my future, so to be met with this sweetness was... almost worse. Why wasn't there any of the disgust I'd expected in the dim white light reflecting off her eyes? Taking another step towards me, she spoke a little more plainly, but with genuine care as if her words would hurt me if they came out too fast. "If we're going to be in here a while you can just go in the corner-"

My bladder spasmed at the suggestion as if it were intent on forcing me to take the offer. Such enthusiasm made it the one part of me that didn't recoil in absolure horror when I processed what was being suggested. "No, I could never!" I keened in humiliated refusal, the very thought of it all drawing heat to my face quickly and intently enough to turn select parts of me a pretty pink. Wrestling control back to whatever dignified part of me still remained, I blocked out the fact I'd just been told to pee in a place that wasn't a toilet by the woman I adored and who would be present for the very act she was suggesting.

No part of me was able to handle a reality where such a thing could happen, and that probably would have been the case even if I wasn't bursting. Swallowing hard and faking a smile, I used every ounce of willpower in my tiny body to stand normally and face her with a weak expression of mock calm. Tightly clamped legs begged to jiggle for some modicum of relief after every word. "It's not that bad, I mean. I'll be absolutely fine until we figure this out."

Furrowed brows and a thinning of her plump lips told me she was unconvinced. Of course; how could anyone fall for my pathetic attempt at acting? Even in the low light I was sweating like a marathon runner, and my body was twisted in a clamp over my pussy, not to mention my constant crotch grabbing... By the grace of a rarely merciful universe she didn't look willing to argue despite the obvious lie.

"If you say so. Just... it's okay if you change your mind, alright?" She said, picking out her words carefully after the pause. For my own sake I had to pretend I still didn't know what she was talking about, and kept my fake smile going as I nodded in a comical bob of my head. The instant she turned I inhaled and sighed a stabling breath, quiet as could be, before catching sight of a chair I'd missed in my earlier turmoil. Knowing it was easier to hold it while sitting, I hobbled over in a heartbeat. Pressure like a tsunami crashing to the shore sloshed inside of me, but numbed fingers found and sealed the exit while my butt settled on the plastic chair, allowing me to slouch down and open up a few precious millimeters of space for my bladder to fill. The tiny hint of relief was like a gift from God.

A second phone flashlight was activated before me, surprising me enough that I tried to figure out what Freya was doing as she set it up on a desk and aimed the beam at the door, illuminating the entire expanse of old wood keeping us prisoner. From my perspective the beam doubled as a beacon in the night to transform her body into a spectacular display. Her thick figure moved with slow calculation in the white light, and despite all my suffering I was drawn to watch by an almost magnetic pull, my eyes tracing the hypnotic contrast between the white phone light dancing across her curves and the pitch black of her surroundings. I forgot about questioning her activity in the blink of an eye. When she bent to be eye level with the lock I soaked in the view like a wilted flower beneath a much needed rain, and the irony of such a massive thirst now of all times mattered little as I acted on what it did to me.

Numbed fingers still buried in my panties found themselves moving again, initially in clumsy twitches, then in determined laps about the front of my soaked underwear. Each passing loop closed in tighter on my slicked up clit. A mix of pee and my own arousal allowed my touches to glide without resistance over soiled fabric, and growing shamelessness made me all the more eager to take advantage of this. Having a full bladder was proving to be the greatest aphrodisiac I could have asked for, the pressure of my internal ocean squishing up against my clit and pussy to bring heat and delight I hadn't appreciated until now. Somehow masturbating was actually buying me time, as if my slit could only handle the demands of one primal need, which encouraged me to rub harder to ease multiple tensions at once.

Dropping to one knee, Freya kept up her diligent work, back turned so that she was blind to my debaucherous enjoyment of her perfect body and how my need to pee made it so much better. Wetness so considerable it got through my skirt to the chair beneath me only made it that much easier to pleasure myself, but I kept my movements tight and restrained to the wrist pumping my fingers, a tiny fragment of self control reminding me to avoid drawing attention. Had it not been for that lingering dignity I probably would have spread my legs and given in to all temptation, including my desire to relieve myself.

Oh, the very thought of letting it all gush out onto the chair while I rubbed my clit and enjoyed all of Freya's bountiful hips and ass in her tight skirt... But certainly she'd hear me and turn around, wouldn't she? I'd be a sopping mess of piss and arousal, my once pristine white skirt sagging beneath the weight of it all while I desperately rubbed out all the tension I'd been building, and yet the idea of her seeing me in such a state was far from a deterrent. Biting my lip was the only way to stop a needy whimper from bursting out at the thought.

"I'm going to try something with the lock, hold on..." Freya said, now on her knees in the dim light. Briefly startled but too horny to think clearly, I only paused for a moment to ensure she wasn't looking before I continued. The quick break let enough clarity build for me to finally put together the obvious; the thought of having an accident in front of her was thrilling. Such humiliation was arousing like nothing had ever been before, even with how ridiculous it was to think she'd ever react with anything but horror to see me piss myself in the middle of masturbating.

Logic barely made a dent in my thought process. While this had started more as a last ditch effort to hold it, it was now a foray into forbidden kinks and delights my coherent mind would have never entertained, though keeping myself from having an accident was still a nice bonus. All of my body remained still to hide my efforts, save for the still dedicated pumping of my hand into the hot wetness of my pussy through the fabric of my skirt and panties. How lovely it would be for her to take part if I did start peeing myself, her beautiful face looking up at me while she kneeled before this chair for better access, her hands taking hold of my delicate ankles to spread them and encourage my stream-

"I don't suppose you have a hairpin do you? Ah, never mind..."

Debauchery once again came to a halt at her voice, though this time I felt a flare of dissatisfied frustration at having lost so lovely a train of thought. Freya was still in front of the door, but once again didn't turn around after answering her own question, instead reaching up to run her fingers through her great waves of red hair. Making a small sound of satisfaction, she pulled forth an object so tiny I wouldn't have known what it was if she hadn't mentioned it previously. Twiddling it between her fingers like a tiny treasure, she spoke over her shoulders in a tone as amused as it was sincere.

"There's always a few lost up there."

When she turned back to the lock I heard a barely perceptible metallic scraping, akin to a key turning a lock but far more delicate and with strange clicking to accompany it. Befuddled enough to momentarily forget how busy I'd just been, I had to blurt out the only question that seemed to explain what I was seeing.

"Are you... Are you picking the lock?"

An amused and devious chuckle replied first, and she sounded so incredibly proud of herself as she answered in depth, her shoulders rotating in calculated circles as her hands worked with a level of dexterity I never would have guessed she'd be capable of. It was a sight so illogical I struggled to accept that I wasn't just hallucinating; few people probably had such a skill, and fewer still that were anything like Freya. My awe made me quiet as a mouse while she talked. "It's a lot easier than it looks. The system may be advanced, but the mechanism is as simple as they come, almost like having all that high tech equipment is a huge waste of money when it isn't used right..."

Gasping a quick sound of eager approval after an especially loud click of release, she continued to work her magic, and seemed to find a delightful rhythm as she did so. Humming out a barely audible tune, she shifted her shoulders in time to every swell of the tempo, taking on a persona that was familiar but so different from her usual self at the same time. All of her usual confidence was there, but now she had an aura of daring about her, though perhaps said change was just the result of my own perspective. Seeing her demonstrate a skill many would have called errant or unruly just got my fingers working again between my legs. I'd never once been attracted to behavior that wasn't upstanding, but then I'd never been close to peeing myself in a locked room, had I?

"Shit, broke it." A dissapointed voice announced, and a split hairpin went flying over her shoulder. Combing her hair with her fingers, she reassured me as she brushed through the thick locks in a search for more, her voice distracted but no less sincere for it. "Hold on, plenty more where that came from."

I was already rubbing again by the time she had a new pin in her hand. Here was a woman who seemed to truly have an answer for everything, and being so close to her in such a perilous situation was awakening new parts of me that I was delighted to discover, especially as my hand worked beneath the loop of my skirt to gain more direct access to my sopping panties. Fabric soaked well beyond salvaging met my eager fingertips, and I blindly started to rub in a sloppy bid for more raw pleasure. A kind of deep instinct told me the masturbation was the only thing keeping my entrance from opening then and there. It was a strange realization to have, even knowing from past experiences how impossible peeing was when aroused, but I embraced the buzz of exertion in my pussy nonetheless.

"Please, please, please..." I chanted on whispered gasps, far too silent to hear but resonant enough to feel the rythym every time the word passed my lips. Any outcome would have been acceptable in that moment. If she opened the door and I made it to a toilet, I'd be just as pleased as I would be wetting myself right there, so long as she was here to be a part of it. In the fog of lust, it was hard to believe she wouldn't be. I was so turned on by my desperate and heated state, it was so easy to imagine her feeling the same, and then taking advantage of my attraction towards her.

Oh, I'd submit entirely to her without hesitation... Picturing my piss soaked legs spreading to allow her access to my pussy made the raw delight beneath my fingers and within my throbbing walls intensify to a hot coil I knew was the build-up to an orgasm, albeit one more powerful than any I'd ever experienced before. Panting harder, I slipped beneath the soaked fabric of my panties for even more gratification, wanting nothing more than the bliss of release however I could get it.

"Got it!"

*006*2021-02-09 21:24

At last, the finale! Sorry it's a bit late, had to polish it up! Please let me know what you think in the comments!

A loud and victorious cry hit my ears like a siren song, tempting me with what had to be too good to be true.

"R-really?" I gasped out from my chair, fingers still in direct contact with my soaked pussy as I whiplashed back to the real world. It sounded far too good to be true, to the point where I was momentarily certain I had slipped into hallucinations. Seeing Freya stand tall and turn the knob certified that I was indeed in the realm of a wonderful reality.

All at once, I pulled my hand free of my panties, leaving them askew over my pussy to reveal more than a little tender pink. Uncaring as I tossed my damp skirt back into place, I hobbled up on a surge of unimaginable adrenaline, riding the high of my almost orgasm to a newer kind of ecstasy. The very possibility of going in a toilet was the second wind I needed to hurry beside my miracle worker boss. My crush just might have turned to love as she opened the door.

"Yes, let's go!" she said quickly, moving out of the way for me. There was an unspoken permission for me to go first, and I took it with all the gratitude one could give, triumphing over my bladder at every step. Though I'd had to resort to some... questionable practices, I had emerged from the room more or less dry. Slickness between my legs hardly mattered in the face of what I'd managed to keep inside!

Without a word, Freya took the lead, and suddenly I understood something else without needing to ask. She was guiding me to the bathroom; I could tell because the layout was similiar enough for me to put together our destination. That meant she knew I had to go, but at this stage, what did that matter? I did have to go, and I was far more okay with her knowing that if it meant relief was moments away. My askew panties rubbed across my heated pussy with every step, and though I was slick with sweat the sensation didn't bother me in the slightest. I didn't even need to grab myself in the wake of it all; I was going to make it!

Freya got her card out as we reached the bathroom doors, and my eyes actually grew misty at the sight of the sign gleaming in bright LED lights. Never again would I take a toilet for granted. Rubbing my thighs together as the initial burst of adrenaline began to fade, I watched my hero of a boss run her ID through the scanner. "We can use the bathroom over here, I just need-"

A blinking red light and a buzz of rejection nearly crushed me on the spot. Sobbing in defeat, I felt a high powered spurt escape me on the spot, spraying my inner thighs with what had to be a million hot droplets of pee. My hands shot to the fork of my legs and shoved my skirt in with them, dampening the white fabric to an undoubtedly obvious degree. Not that it mattered anymore; I was out of hope. A second blossom of wet heat against my fingers drew another quiet sob of defeat past my lips.

"Motherf- really!? This whole floor must not recognize my ID!" Freya exclaimed, more frustrated than I'd ever seen her as she grabbed the knob and started to shake the door. Though her effort was valiant and well appreciated, the entrance didn't budge, making it clear there was no hope of getting in. I'd have collapsed to the floor if my knees weren't locked together in such a vice.

I started to become incoherent once again, the ocean of piss surging down against the exit overwhelming me with needs making it quite clear I was no longer in charge. My fingers were almost numb from squeezing myself so tightly for so long, and in the mess of wet heat it was impossible for them to get a solid grip regardless. A few tears slipped down my flushed cheeks as I made sounds I barely understood. "Oh no... Ahhh... Ah... I can't... I..."

"The elevator system will definitely kick me out too!" Freya said in frustration, holding her chin in rapid and tense thought as she refused to give up. The dedication was truly appreciated, but I knew it would be ending soon. I probably had seconds left before it all came gushing out, and there was no way she'd remain supportive after a full blown accident. I'd probably have to submit my resignation out of shame... Another burst of tears trailed down my face in time to a number of hot droplets cascading down to my ankles in ticklish trails.

A solid but gentle grip on my arm made me snap my watery eyes open in a panic, and I found myself looking into an expression of pure determination. Freya's beautiful locks perfectly framed her face as she spoke to me with all the motivation one could give in so few words. "If the lockers responded to my card- No time to explain, let's hit the stairs!"

"Stairs?" I gasped as another spurt hit the fabric in my palms, turning it more soaked than damp. Not wanting to hope in the face of such overwhelming desperation, I couldn't even bring my lower body to move at first, thinking perhaps she just didn't realize how little time I had left. I could almost feel the floodgates preparing to give way...

"I can access the bathroom on our story, so if we can get to the fifth floor in time you can use that one!"

Her use of in time did not go unnoticed. Nor did the fact that I'd raced up those stairs many times in the past, and the bathroom was just beside them... If I could just hold it another minute, this little mess would be all there was, and I'd get to have the greatest relief of my life. I knew in an instant it would be the longest shot of all, but in another I realized there was nothing for me to lose. I quite literally had no other options. Biting my lip and dizzy from the insanity of it all, I found the strength to nod and clamped down one final time, intent on giving my all in one final rush to release. Either I'd make it, or I could never show my face in this building again...

"Okay!" I squeaked in the highest voice possible, barely able to get a sound out under the force of my strain. Each leg was like a lump of stone I had to swing forward initially just to move, taking impossibly ridiculous steps in my little heels as I tried to walk without once releasing the hold on my pussy. Sweat was apparent on every inch of me now, and I felt almost certain I had gained the same amount of cardio as a marathon runner in the short amount of time I'd been here. Had this nightmare truly begun as just a simple errand?

Freya having her hand on my arm eventually gave me the strength and motivation I needed to take off at something like a run the entire short trek to the stairs. Swiping her card and getting the green light, she opened the door for me once again, moving with an urgency that suggested she knew quite well what was on the line. Thankfully I didn't have the mental space to comprehend such things as I faced the dimly lit stairs. Each was like a mountain in its own right, but in my now instinctive rush to pee somewhere appropriate, I didn't feel too daunted. Every moment came and went as a challenge of its own. Still biting my lip, I prayed an incomprehensible plea for mercy as I hobbled forth at top speed.

The first step was a gauntlet in and of itself, from the strain of lifting my leg to the agony of bouncing upwards, it all sent my bladder spasming hard enough to draw endless whimpers from my open and panting mouth. By the second I was seeing white, but my body kept going. Each individual stair made my bladder bounce and my urethra strain in turn, but I kept going until I reached the top of the first flight of stairs, ignoring how a draft was now impossibly apparent between my wet inner thighs.

An audible trickle pattered against cheap tile as I was halfway up the second batch, and I keened as more struggled to come out. The war between myself and my bladder was finally at its peak, and in the closing stretch to be perfectly ill timed. Thin rivulets danced down my thighs in uneven intervals. Freya coached me every step of the way, giving me the strength to keep fighting even as the distance to go seemed to only increase in length. I realized with a cry that the floor I needed might as well have been a hundred miles up for how impossible it felt to reach it. My lifetime of shyness was proving unable to conquer my primal needs in the final push, and a second trickle down my thighs seemed to prove that.

I wanted to cry as the reality hit me; I wasn't going to make it. The struggle was just too much, I was too tired, and it all had to come out sooner rather than later. A tiny slip of my heel on one of my own little puddles sealed my fate.

A solid gush of pee, albeit brief, made me stop at the apex of one of the last floors I'd needed to climb. Wobbling where I stood, I concerned Freya enough she got behind me on the spot, but her efforts only put her in the last place I wanted her to be. A second gush surged out without force to hiss as it did so, and on instinct I pulled my skirt free of the line of fire, despite it already being soaked everywhere I had been holding it. My sopping panties, still askew, now offered no resistance to my bared pussy. From her vantage point my boss could see everything from floor to ass as I surrendered to it all.

There was a burst of warmth as a waterfall began to cascade freely to the floor, my thighs parting in welcome as I was hit with the one thing release had to give; *euphoria*. My tears stopped in their tracks and my mouth opened wide in a moan of solid pleasure, and I tilted back my head to sing out the relief as my hair clung to my sweat soaked forehead.

The hiss of my urination was almost dwarfed by the spattering as the high power stream met solid tile, and soon after the trickling of the flow down the stairs joined the sounds echoing in the stairwell. Anyone several floors up or down could have clearly heard the orchestra of sounds I was making in that moment.

"Ahhhh... Ah..." I sighed in delight, stooping over an inch to push and help it come out faster. Despite the speed some of the gushing pee split off from the main stream to run down my legs, tickling them with hot and wild rivulets that raced down my thighs and calves to drip down my heeled sandals. I could smell the warm and well hydrated rush on every breath. In the exhausted daze of it all, I rested my palms on my knees, getting a look at the waterfall I was creating on the stairs in the process. The pale cream tile made it obvious how far my release had spread even in the dim light, and how it was continuing to pool on each individual step before overflowing to the next. I could see the slow progress it was making all the way to the bottom...

Alongside my still very present, very watchful boss, who had a clear view of it all and was inches away from the flood.

On reflex I flinched, and my stream fluctuated in response though it didn't stop. Unable to keep it from surging, I tried to look over at Freya and explain myself or offer some kind of apology, but nothing was forthcoming. I was a blur of emotions that couldn't even look her in the eye as I tried to speak. "I-"

"Shhhhh."

There was reasurance in her shush, but it was undoubtedly just as much a command. A gentle finger pressed itself against my lips, and the contact was so thrilling I whined against it, my whole body trembling hard enough to briefly intensify the force of my stream. Something in the way she stepped to the top of the flight and looked down at me made it clear she approved, and whether that was most obvious in her lidded eyes or her encouraging coo couldn't have mattered less to me. Not even the impropriety or the absurdity of my crush showing blatant interest at what should have been my lowest moment mattered. I just wanted to please her as she whispered into my ear, standing back only so she could watch me. "Relax.... Keep going."

I obeyed without reservation, even if defiance still wasn't an option at fifty or so perfect capacity. My bladder continued to empty itself in good time, resulting in a powerful stream and a puddle so engorged I had to wonder how tiny little me had held it all in. Another glance revealed the waterfall had indeed made it to the bottom of the flight, and I surged with pride at the sight, biting my lip to contain a moan that would've echoed up and down the building.

At last, the flow began to fade as I neared completion. The pain and discomfort all went with the urine now somewhat sluggishly arcing to the floor, and I sighed in bliss as my bulging tummy finally returned to normal as well. Everything below my waist was a hot, wet mess but I'd never cared less. Even as the stream became a tinkle and the hissing dulled to a faint pattering I was nothing but satisfied.

"Good girl." Freya purred in absolute satisfaction of her own, watching as I obediently pushed to clear every last drop. I'd forgotten what emptiness felt like when, finally, I realized there was nothing else left in me. Though there was a considerable mess on me, I was drained, and the sensation was heaven in and of itself. I could barely see straight as I opened my eyes to look up at the larger woman observing me. She smiled at my expression of hazy bliss, chuckling to herself as she admired me and my impressive ocean.

"My, I bet that feels better." she teased, playful and sincere at the same time. No longer a prisoner to my needs, it occurred to me for the first time her reaction should have been... different. Even if not disgusted, she certainly shouldn't be looking at me with such open desire for peeing myself in what was technically her building. Yet at the same time I enjoyed it too much to care about what was proper.

"I... I couldn't hold it..." I mumbled plainly, still immobile from my stopped position in the center of it all. Only a slim shred of dignity got me to release the hold on my skirt, allowing it to fall back in place and expose the sizable patch of wetness where it had been pressed into my desperation earlier. My shoes hadn't fared much better, and were so soaked amidst the puddle I was hesitant to even take a step lest I risked tripping.

"I can tell. I really did try to get you to a bathroom, but I'll selfishly admit that this... this is a lovely turn of events. Well beyond what I could have hoped for when I bumped into you in the parking lot." Freya said dreamily, eyes glazing over a bit as she played the memory in her mind.

I was shocked into standing upright so quickly a few still clinging droplets were knocked free to patter into the puddle below. "You knew I had to go then?"

"Sweetheart, it was more than a little obvious. You were jiggling around like an overstuffed water balloon, and don't think I didn't notice you holding yourself." she said with a laugh, offering me a hand so I'd be balanced as I stepped away from the stairs. Wet footprints marked my progress, and when I stopped I found my delicate hand held more tightly in hers. Gently but passionately, she held my little palm up for inspection, revealing the wetness that wasn't all due to my accident. My face turned hot pink at her devious smile and subsequent revelation. "Or your little show in the lost and found..."

Knowing that my desperation fueled lust had not only been discovered, but enjoyed, made my heart hammer in my chest. Blushing a vibrant red, I tried to wonder if she'd just heard me or had actually snuck a glance as I'd worked furiously to delay my accident, and found my head too empty to hypothesize. All I could do was try to squeak out a reply in the face of such an inexplicable turn of events. "O-oh-"

"I think we both know you've been admiring me for some time. To avoid intimidating you, I held off, but this has made it quite clear..." she said, pausing to hold my hand closer and inhale the sweet scent of my efforts. My wet legs wobbled in the face of such a brazen act. Freya wanted me, and had been feeling such for a long time now, to the point she'd enjoyed the physical aspect of my desperation likely even more than I had. Looking me up and down like a true sight to behold, she confirmed my thoughts with a more blatant statement of facts. "We share some very common interests..."

"Yes..." I replied softly, still in a daze from the rush and revelations and exertion of the evening. Between being buffeted between so many different emotions and experiencing such carnal delights I had precious little energy left... Not to mention I still hadn't eaten.

"Why don't I take you to my office before you head home? You can clean up, and maybe we can discuss our weekend plans in greater depth, hm?"

It was obvious what she was implying, and I happily complied, unable to believe I'd only been expecting some idle time to myself at best. As I took my first new steps on her arm and left my now stilled waterfall behind, I looked forward to whatever she had planned. No matter what it might be, I knew one thing for certain, it would be very easy to go into work from now on.

*008*2021-02-10 19:26

{{14 hours ago, LifeIsStrange said:

I really like it.

}}

Thank you so much! I was so nervous about posting this one but I'm happy to see people enjoy it!
