Nisekoi Pee Stories

Author: Char242

*000*2018-07-04 02:08

After having some success with my previous story "Nisekoi: Stuck in a Storeroom", I decided to write more Nisekoi fanfiction. This thread will be bunch of short stories. Here is the first one. Please enjoye

Story 1: Handcuffs and Despearte Feelings

“Damn,” cursed Raku Ichijo as he looked down at his phone, “how long is she going to make me wait?” Raku was waiting on the rooftop of the school. Earlier in the day Marika Tachibana – Raku’s fiancé due to an agreement ten years ago between their fathers – had pulled him into the hallway and asked him to meet her on the roof right after school. Raku had been on the roof for almost fifteen minutes. At the present moment he was supposed to be helping Chitoge Kirisaki – his fake girlfriend due to certain circumstances – with taking care of the school’s animals. Raku could just imagine Chitoge screaming at him for being late. He was just getting ready to leave when the door to the roof swung open.

“I’m sorry I’m late Rakkun,” said Marika as she made her way over to him. “I was just leaving the classroom when I got dizzy and had to stop for a rest.”

“Are you all right?” asked Raku. Raku knew that Marika was in fragile health. She had been that way all her life. “Do you need to go to the nurse’s office?”

“I’m fine,” she replied. She was only a couple feet away from him when she stumbled forward. Luckily Raku was able to catch her before she fell. Before Raku could ask if she was okay, he felt something clasp around his wrist followed by clicking noise. Looking down at his wrist, he noticed a handcuff.

“What are you doing?” shouted a surprised Raku as Marika stepped back, holding the other half of the handcuff in the palm of her hand. The chain of the handcuff was about two arm lengths. “Get this off of me right now!”

“I’m afraid I can’t do that.”

“And why not?”

“Because it would ruin my plan.”

“What plan?”

“To get you to go on a date with me,” she smiled.

“Let me get this straight, you handcuffed me so that I would go on a date with you? That’s insane.”

“Look, I wouldn’t have to do this if you would just leave that gorilla of a girlfriend and date me instead. I mean I am your fiancé after all,” she said. “Now please stay still while I attach the other half to my wrist.”

“This is bad,” thought Raku to himself as he racked his brain for a way out of the predicament he was in. Suddenly, an idea hit him. “Hey Marika, look towards the sky behind you.”

“As if I’d fall for that,” laughed Marika as she opened the handcuff and was preparing to put it around her arm.

“No, I’m serious. Look up in the sky, there is a message written for you,” he lied.

“Really?” shouted Marika as she released her grip on the handcuff and spun around excitedly. A frown etched its way across her face as she saw nothing but clouds. “I don’t see anything,” she replied as she began to turn back towards Raku. The moment she turned around, she noticed that he was no longer there. She then turned her attention to the rooftop entrance and saw the door swinging. “Gosh darn it!” she screamed in her original dialect. “He tricked me and now I’m plum mad.” Suddenly she placed her hand to her mouth and looked around, hoping that nobody had been around to hear her little outburst. She had spent the last ten years learning to disguise it so that she could sound like a proper lady. Once she had regained her composure, she spoke again. “No matter, he won’t get very far. After all I have the key.” She then proceeded to follow Raku.

###

Kosaki Onodera was walking from her committee meeting back to the classroom. “The meeting was short today. I wonder what I should do now?” she muttered to herself as she entered the classroom, grabbed her bag, and exited. As she walked down the hall, she felt a small twinge in her bladder. While it wasn’t very strong, she decided that she didn’t want to risk having to go while on the walk home. Walking to the restroom. Kosaki rounded the corner where something slammed into her with enough force to knock her to the ground. “Owwww,” she whined as she slowly opened her eyes. Staring right back at her was none other than her crush Raku Ichijo.

“I’m so sorry Onodera,” apologized Raku as he jumped to his feet and extended a hand to her. Kosaki took it. Once Kosaki was on her feet, Raku said, “Sorry but I gotta run. I’ll explain everything later.” He took a few steps past her before he felt a jerking motion on his wrist. “What the hell?” he muttered to himself as he began to turn around. A split second later a look of horror etched its way across his face. The other handcuff that had been dangling just a few moments earlier was now tightly clasped to Kosaki’s wrist.

“What’s going on?” asked a confused Kosaki as she looked down at the handcuff on her wrist.

Before Raku could explain, a loud voice filled the hallway, “RAKKUN, WHERE ARE YOU? IF YOU COME OUT NOW I PROMISE I WON’T BE MAD.” It was Marika and from the sound of it, she was getting closer by the second.

“Crap!” exclaimed Raku before snatching Kosaki’s hand. “Come on, we need to go right now!” Suddenly Raku began dashing down the hallway with Kosaki in tow.

“Why are we running?” she screamed in a mixture of confusion and embarrassment. As they ran all she could think of was, “He’s holding my hand!”

“Like I said, I’ll explain everything later. Just run,” he shouted back. Kosaki did as she was told. Within minutes they were outside the school gates. As they ran, neither of them knew what surprises were waiting for them this day.

###

Back at the school, Chitoge had just finished taking care of the animals and had made her way back to the classroom. “Stupid beansprout,” she grumbled as she grabbed her bag. “I can’t believe he left me to do all the work by myself. He’s going to pay for this.” As she said it, she cracked her fists. Suddenly one of the doors to the classroom slid open and a woman walked in. It was Chitoge’s, Raku’s and Kosaki’s homeroom teacher, Kyoko Hihara.

“Ah Miss Kirisaki, what are you still doing here. I thought that you went home already with Mr. Ichijo,” said Hihara-sensei.

“He went home already?” asked Chitoge doing her best to conceal her anger.

“Yes, I saw him run through the gates earlier. I believe that Miss Onodera was with him,” she answered. She then looked over at Raku’s desk. “That’s strange. I wonder why he didn’t take his school bag.”

“Maybe he just forgot. He spaces out sometimes,” commented Chitoge.

“I see,” said Hihara-sensei. “Since you’re his girlfriend and all, could you take his bag to him.”

“Okay,” answered Chitoge as she grabbed Raku’s bag as well. “I’ll make sure he gets it.” She then exited the classroom. As she made her way out of the building, she thought about how she was going to punish him for ditching her to be with Onodera. Of course, she would have to find him first. Her best guess was that he was likely at his house, but before she could go she would need to stop by her house to drop off her bag.

###

As Raku and Kosaki ran, Kosaki began to feel the contents of her bladder sloshing around. While she was not at the point of pure desperation yet, the feeling of her urine splashing against the sides of the bladder wall was still uncomfortable to say the least. “Ichijo, can we please stop running now?” panted Kosaki.

“Sure,” answered Raku as he began to slow down. By the time they had stopped running, they had reached a small park. As they were catching their breath, Raku let go of Kosaki’s hand and said, “Sorry about all this Onodera. I’ll explain everything to you over at the bench over there. I just have to get something from the vending machine first.” He then led Kosaki over to the vending machine, put in a few coins and got a couple bottles of tea. “Here you go,” he smiled handing one of the drinks over to her. In truth, Kosaki didn’t want the tea because she knew it would only make her urge to go worse. Given the fact that the two were now stuck together, having to pee could create a serious problem. However, she accepted it anyways as she didn’t want to be rude.

“Thank you,” she replied as she excepted the tea. The two then sat down on one of the benches. Kosaki took a sip from her tea before asking, “Can you explain to me why we’re handcuffed to each other?”

“Marika Tachibana tried to handcuff me to her so that I would be forced to go out on a date with her,” explained Raku. “I managed to get away from her before she could get her handcuff on. In the process of running away, I crashed into you in the hallway where the other handcuff attached itself to your wrist.”

“I see,” said Kosaki as she finished gulping down the tea. “So, what are we supposed to do now?”

Raku thought about it for a moment before saying, “I guess I’ll call Shu and see if he can help us out.” He then pulled out his phone and dialed the number. Just as he was about to hit send, the screen went black. “Crap, my phone just died.”

“I’ll call Ruri then,” said Kosaki as she pulled out her phone and dialed her best friend’s number.

The phone rang a couple of times before Ruri’s voice on the other line said, “Hello?”

“Hey Ruri, it’s Kosaki. There was a bit of a situation at school and now Raku and I are handcuffed together. We’re currently at the park. Can you come help us?”

“Sorry, but I can’t do that,” replied Ruri.

“Why not?” whined Kosaki.

“Because this is your chance for you two to be alone together,” answered Ruri. “Don’t you want to spend some quality alone time with him?”

“Of course I do,” whispered Kosaki as she turned away from Raku as best she could so that he wouldn’t hear the conversation.

“Then what’s the problem?” she asked.

“The problem is that we’re stuck together and I’m going to need to use the bathroom soon,” said Kosaki as quietly as she could. As she turned her head to see if Raku had heard, she saw that his attention was elsewhere.

“Then hold it,” hissed Ruri. “Chances like this don’t come around all that often. Now instead of whining, you should use this time to confess your feelings to him.”

“I can’t. I’m not ready.”

“Listen up, if you let this chance pass you by without anything happening, then our friendship is over. Good luck.”

“Wait Ruri, don’t hang up the phone,” screamed Kosaki, but it was too late. She then hit the redial button only for her phone battery to die. “Oh no, my battery just died too.”

“Is Ruri going to come help us?” asked Raku.

“She’s said she’s busy,” lied Kosaki. As she said it, the pain in her bladder began to feel a little sharper, but was still bearable. At least for the moment. “What now?”

“I’m not…” but before Raku could finish his sentence, a loud voice called out to him.

“Young master, what are you doing here?” It was one of the yakuza thugs that lived at his house. Before Raku could answer him, the man asked, “Why are you handcuffed to another girl when you have a girlfriend?”

“This isn’t…”

“Oh, I get it,” interrupted the thug as he walked over to Raku and began nudging him on the shoulder. “You’re quite the player aren’t you, young master? So how far have you gone with this beautiful young lady?”

“We’re just friends, nothing more!” blurted Kosaki, her face flush with embarrassment. She pressed her free hand to her face and turned her head away, trying to hide a grin. For some reason, she couldn’t help but feel happy about being mistaken for Raku’s lover.

“Yeah, we’re just friends,” agreed Raku, doing his best not to feel dejected by Kosaki’s response. Suddenly a thought came to Raku’s mind. If the thug had gotten the wrong idea about him and Kosaki, what would happen if the two were seen by any of the Beehive members, specifically Claude? The most likely answer is that the city would become a warzone between the yakuza and the Beehive. Thinking quicky, Raku said, “Look, I’m not going to go into detail, but let’s just say somethings happened resulting in she and I being handcuffed together. If the Beehive gangsters see us and get the wrong idea like you did, there could be a bloodbath. Can you help us?”

“Maybe,” answered the thug as he examined the cuff around Raku’s hand. “Yeah, I should be able to pick the lock no problem. I’ll just need to get my lock picking kit first. If I leave now, I should be back in about twenty minutes.”

“We could be discovered by then,” cried Raku.

“Well if you need a place to hide, there’s a small shrine not too far from here. Why don’t you two wait there while I go get what I need.”

“Fine,” said Raku. After getting directions from the yakuza thug, both he and Kosaki set off for the shrine.

###

Raku and Kosaki arrived at the base of the shrine minutes later. By this time, Kosaki was beginning to squirm a little. Each step they climbed towards the shrine brought with it a shooting pain in Kosaki’s bladder. She did her best to hide her pain, but Raku noticed it. “Hey Onodera, is everything alright?” he asked as they reached the halfway point.

“I’m fine,” she lied.

“No you’re not,” replied Raku. “You wouldn’t be squirming in pain if you were. Now please tell me what’s going on.”

“I need to use the restroom,” admitted Kosaki, her face bright red.

“There should be a public bathroom at the shrine,” said Raku, his face almost as red as hers. Suddenly it hit him that they were still stuck together. “Actually, you might have to hold it.”

“Why?”

“Because if we go into the women’s bathroom, I’ll be labeled a pervert and if we go into the men’s bathroom I’d still be labeled a pervert.”

“Makes sense,” agreed Kosaki. “I think I can hold it. I mean that guy can’t be gone for that long, right?”

###

Meanwhile back at Raku’s house, the thug was looking for his lock picking kit. He had spent the last half hour tearing apart his room looking for it. “Damn it, where did I put it,” he screamed.

“Hey man, what are you looking for,” asked a fellow yakuza member who was passing by the man’s room.

“My lock picking kit,” replied the man.

The second yakuza thug pulled out a small box from his pocket and said, “Here it is. I needed to borrow it while you were gone. I’m done now so you can have it back.”

“You could have said that earlier,” spat the thug as he grabbed the kit and rushed out of the room. He was just rounding the corner near the front door when he heard female voices. It was the young master’s girlfriend and her bodyguard.

“Have you seen Raku?” asked Chitoge. “He left his bag at school.”

“He hasn’t come home yet,” said the thug who had answered the door. The guy then turned to the thug with the lock picking kit. “Hey, you were just out. Did you see him?”

“No I didn’t,” lied the man as he averted his gaze for a split second. Chitoge took note of it but said nothing.

“Alright,” replied Chitoge. She then handed the bag over to the thug who answered the door and asked, “Can you please make sure he gets this?”

“Sure,” answered the thug.

“Great, I’ll just be going then,” said Chitoge. Then both she and her bodyguard left.

The moment they were off the property, Chitoge’s bodyguard, Seishirō Tsugumi commented, “Something’s definitely up. That man was obviously lying when he said he hadn’t seen Ichijo.”

“I know,” agreed Chitoge, “which is why we’re going to follow him the moment he leaves the house.” The two girls hid around the corner of the house and waited. Sure enough, the thug exited the house a few minutes later. As he walked down the street, he was completely unaware of the two girls following him.

###

Back at the shrine, almost an hour had passed since Raku and Kosaki had parted ways with the thug at the park. As they sat on a bench, Raku could see Kosaki’s desperation getting worse by the second. It was taking all her concentration just to keep the floodwaters at bay. “Look, if you can’t hold it, then we can go to the women’s restroom. There doesn’t seem to be anybody around so it shouldn’t be a problem.”

“We can’t,” cried Kosaki softly. “If someone were to walk in and see you, your reputation would be ruined. I couldn’t do that to you.”

“I guess you’re right,” said Raku. “If you used the women’s bathroom, I would need to go into the stall with you. If we went to the men’s bathroom, I would be able to stand outside the stall, but we would need to leave the door open enough to fit the chain through. Either way you would have very little privacy and we would be taking a huge risk.”

“That wouldn’t be good,” agreed Kosaki. Her legs were beginning to grow stiff. She tried to stand up so she could stretch them out, only to lose her balance and stumble backwards. Raku jumped up and caught her before she could fall. “Thank you,” she blushed as she looked into his eyes. The shock of being held in her crush’s arms made her lose focus for a few seconds. But in those few seconds, she felt something warm and wet drip into her panties. It was only a drop or two, but Kosaki knew that if she didn’t go soon, those couple drops would become a river. “I hope that guy comes back soon, I’m not sure how much longer I can hold it.”

“There is one more option,” commented Raku as he let go of Kosaki. “There is a small wooded area behind the shrine. If we find a tall enough bush or a wide tree, you can go behind there.”

“I can’t just tinkle behind a tree or bush with you handcuffed to me,” cried Kosaki as she turned her head away. “It’s too embarrassing.”

“Then we’ll go use one of the bathrooms then.”

“That’s also embarrassing.”

“What’s more embarrassing, the first two options or wetting yourself?”

“I guess wetting myself,” she mumbled. Kosaki paused for a moment as she thought about which option to choose. “Ichijo, if I choose the outdoor option, do you swear that you won’t look?”

“Of course,” answered Raku.

“I guess I’ll choose the outdoor option,” she blushed.

“Alright then, come with me,” replied Raku. He then took her by the hand and led her into the wooded area behind the shrine.

###

The two walked for a couple minutes until Raku saw a tree wide enough for Kosaki to hide behind. Raku then stepped behind it and saw several large bushes a couple feet away. The bushes would provide decent cover for Kosaki if someone happened to be walking through the area. Raku then walked back to the front of the tree and said, “This spot should work nicely. I’ll stand guard in front of the tree while you go behind it.”

“Alright,” replied Kosaki as she stepped behind the tree. Facing the tree, she slowly hiked up her skirt and pulled down her slightly pee-stained panties. As she began to lower herself into a squatting position she called out, “You won’t peek, will you?”

“I won’t peek,” answered Raku.

“Okay,” said Kosaki as she squatted down. She took a deep breath and let out a gushing river of golden yellow. She watched as it drenched the dirt beneath her. Wanting to get it over with a little faster, she gave her stream a little push. Kosaki stared in amazement as her stream jutted up a little bit before smacking into the base of the tree. The bark began to turn dark as she watched. As she peed, her body was overcome with a wave of relief. “This feels so good,” she moaned as she let her relief consume her. Suddenly it hit her that she had moaned and said those words out loud. With her face bright red, she called out, “Was I speaking out loud just now?”

“I didn’t hear anything,” answered Raku. On the other side of the tree Raku was trying to hold back a nose bleed. He could hear everything going on behind the tree: the hissing sound of her piss and the slapping sound it made as it hit the ground as well as the moan. Raku faced the tree and leaned his forehead against it. “Calm down man,” he quietly whispered to himself. As he looked down at the ground he noticed something shiny coming down from behind the tree. Taking a closer look, he saw that it was urine. It was then that he realized that the tree was sitting on a slope so small that he hadn’t noticed it until just now. Staring at the stream, thoughts of Kosaki squatting behind the tree with a golden stream gushing from between her legs flashed through his mind. “GAAAHHHH!” screamed Raku as he began pounding his head against the tree.

Raku’s scream along with the pounding sounds startled Kosaki who almost lost her balance. She quickly pinched off her stream and yelled, “Is everything okay?”

“Everything’s just fine,” replied Raku whose forehead was now red.

“What happened?”

“There was a huge spider on the tree. Don’t worry though, I killed it.”

“Alright,” said Kosaki. She was just getting to restart her stream when she noticed that the puddle she had already created was beginning to run across the ground along the side of the tree. It took her a couple of seconds to realize that the tree was on a slope and that her stream was now making its way down the slope and past Raku. “Oh my god,” she shrieked. “You’ve seen my pee this entire time, haven’t you?”

“No, I haven’t,” said Raku. “I only just noticed it a couple seconds ago. I didn’t want to say anything because I didn’t want to embarrass you.”

“Then what about the sound?” asked Kosaki. “Could you hear it the entire time?”

“No.”

“Please don’t lie to me.”

“Yes, I could hear it,” admitted Raku.

“This is awful,” cried Kosaki. “How am I supposed to finish now that I know that you can hear and see it?”

“It’s no big deal,” said Raku in an attempt to calm her down.

“It is,” she yelled back. “It’s embarrassing.”

“What if I covered the sounds of your stream with my own?” asked Raku.

“I guess it might help,” she responded.

“Alright then,” he declared. Raku’s hands began trembling as he unzipped his pants and pulled it out. Placing one hand on the tree, he launched a stream. The bark darkened as his piss slid down the tree. “How’s this? Can you hear it?”

“Yes,” blushed Kosaki.

“Do you think you can finish up now?”

“I’ll try,” she responded. A few seconds passed, but nothing happened. “It’s not coming out!” cried Kosaki.

“Don’t panic, just try and relax.”

Kosaki took a deep breath and tried to relax her bladder muscles. A few more seconds passed before her urine came spraying out like an uncontrolled firehose. Grass, dirt, tree roots, and even some of the tree bark that wasn’t already wet soon became drenched. She could even feel warm drops running down her thighs. “It’s coming out!” she moaned excitedly. Suddenly the sound of Raku’s stream cut out. “What’s going on over there?” she called.

“I’m just having a little issue here,” yelled Raku. In truth, Kosaki’s suggestive words had caused his snake to stiffen to the point that he found it difficult to go. “Come on little guy,” he whispered, “I know you still have more in you.”

On the other side of the tree Kosaki buried her face in her hands as she slowly realized just how suggestive the words she had said were. Out of embarrassment, they stopped talking to each other. A couple minutes later, Kosaki’s spray died out until it was nothing more than a couple drops. The moment she was done, she reached into her skirt pocket for something to wipe with. “Oh no,” she whined as she quickly realized that she didn’t have anything to wipe with.

“What’s wrong?”

“I don’t have anything to clean myself with,” she admitted.

“Hold on a second,” said Raku as he reached into his pocket and pulled out a handkerchief. “Stretch you hand around the side of the tree as far as you can. I’ll hand you a handkerchief.” Kosaki did as she was told. Raku leaned over the side of the tree as much as he could before dropping the handkerchief in her hand.

“Thank you,” called Kosaki as she took the handkerchief and began wiping the drops around her vagina and thighs. “I’ll be sure to wash and return it later.”

“There’s no need,” replied Raku. “Please keep it. I have too many as it is.” That last part was an outright lie. In truth, the reason he didn’t want it back was because he had a feeling that he would do something perverted like try to smell it.

“You sure?”

“I’m sure,” answered Raku. He then turned his attention back to what he was doing. Raku wanted to finish his business now so that he wouldn’t have to go later. It took a few seconds, but he was finally able to get his stream started up again. “Thank God,” he said to himself. Suddenly he heard a twig snap and as he turned his head, he saw that Kosaki was standing a couple feet away from him. A look of surprised horror etched its way across Raku’s face.

“I’m done,” said Kosaki as she began to walk over to him. However, she stopped as soon as she saw the look on his face. “What’s wrong?” As she began to look down, she saw what was going on. “I’m so sorry!” she shrieked as she turned her back to him, her face a deep shade of red. “I didn’t know you were still going.”

“It’s alright,” replied Raku, although he was crying on the inside. “She saw it,” he thought to himself, “this sucks.” It took him about thirty seconds to finish. “You can look now,” said Raku as he zipped up and stepped away from the tree.

“I really am sorry,” cried Kosaki as she turned to face him. She blushed as she noticed the part of the tree that Raku had just watered.

“It’s no big deal. But let’s keep this between us okay?”

“Sure,” agreed Kosaki doing her best not to stare at the wet patch on the tree. “We should probably head back to the bench. I’m sure that guy’s there by now.” And so, the two walked back to the shrine, both of them too embarrassed to say a word to each other.

###

After exiting the wooded area, Kosaki decided to walk in front of Raku. The entire walk back, she had been unable to look him in the eye. They were almost to the bench when Raku lost his balance and stumbled forward, falling on Kosaki in the process. “Owww,” whined Raku as he began to open his eyes. Much to his shock, he was now on top of Kosaki. His face was just centimeters from hers. “I’m sorry,” he said as he stared into her eyes.

“It’s fine,” she said staring back. Her lips were just within reach of his. They could both feel their hearts racing. Several seconds passed by as they stared into each other’s eyes.

Raku finally broke the silence. “Onodera, there is something that I’ve been wanting to tell you for a long time.”

“What is it?” asked Kosaki, her heart threatening to explode out of her chest at any moment.

Raku gulped, “It’s just that I like...”

“WHAT THE HELL DO YOU THINK YOU’RE DOING YOU PERVERTED BEANSPROUT!?” The voice sounded familiar. Too familiar. As Raku turned his head, he saw that Chitoge, Seishirō, and the yakuza thug were standing in front of him.

“It’s not what you think,” cried Raku and he jumped to his feet. “I can…,” but before he could say anything more, he was greeted with a barrage of fists, courtesy of Chitoge.

“It was an accident,” added Kosaki after Chitoge finished beating Raku.

“Accident?” repeated Chitoge. Kosaki then explained why they were handcuffed together and how what they had just witnessed was the result of Raku accidentally tripping. “I see,” said Chitoge after Kosaki finished her explanation. She then turned towards the yakuza thug and ordered him to unlock the handcuffs.

“Thank you,” said Raku after the handcuffs were off.

“You’re welcome,” replied the thug. He then turned and said, “I got a couple of things I need to take care of in town so I’ll see ya at home.” With that, the thug walked off, leaving the four teenagers by themselves.

Chitoge looked up at the sky and noticed that it was beginning to get dark. “We should probably get going. Seishirō, would you mind walking Kosaki home? I have a few things that I need to discuss with Raku privately.”

“As you wish,” answered Seishirō

“I’ll see you later,” said Kosaki and she looked over at Raku.

“Yeah,” agreed Raku as he waved at her. He watched as Kosaki and Seishirō left. He then turned his attention to Chitoge, half expecting her to yell at him, but instead she turned around and began walking down the stairs. Raku knew from her reaction that it was going to be a long walk home.

###

By the time Kosaki got home, she was completely exhausted. The moment she entered her room, she flopped on the bed and let out a heavy sigh. “I wonder what Raku was going to say?” she asked herself as she clutched a pillow to her chest. As she thought about it, she began to wonder if he was going to confess his feelings for her. Kosaki immediately sat up, her face a dark shade of red. “What am I thinking? There is no way that he would do that.” As she laid back down on the bed, she looked over at the picture she had of him on her desk and asked, “Would he?”

###

Raku and Chitoge were almost halfway to Chitoge’s house. Neither of them had said a word since leaving the shrine. The silence was making things extremely awkward. “Look Chitoge, I said it was an accident. Why are you so mad?”

Chitoge spun around and screamed, “I’m mad because you almost blew our cover. Tell me, what are people going to think when they see you on top of another girl who isn’t your girlfriend? Do you want this city to become a bloodbath?”

“Of course not,” answered Raku. Suddenly something Chitoge said dawned on him. “Hold up a second, are you jealous?”

“BAKA!” she shrieked, her face bright red. “Why would I be jealous? We’re fake dating remember. I don’t even like you that way.”

“Then why are you so pissed off about it,” snapped Raku.

“I just am okay,” she grunted. “Deal with it.”

“Are you sure that it’s not because you’re jealous?” asked Raku.

“I’M NOT JEALOUS!!!” she screamed as she grabbed Raku by the collar. “You’re just a perverted beansprout.”

“And you’re just a violent gorilla,” retorted Raku as he grabbed the collar of Chitoge’s uniform. By this point their faces were just centimeters apart. Their eyes locked on to each other’s.

Chitoge looked away first. “Maybe I am a little jealous,” she said in English. Of course Raku didn’t understand a thing she said. “Now let go of me,” she snapped as she turned her head towards Raku and gave him a headbutt. Raku fell to the ground. “I’m going home.” She then took off, her arm raised to conceal her flushed face.

“YOU ARE SO NOT CUTE!!!” he screamed as Chitoge rounded the corner. Raku sat on the ground, still dazed by Chitoge’s reaction. He had no clue what she had just said, but whatever it was, it had made his heart skip a beat. Of course he would never admit it out loud because he was in love with Kosaki. As he got up and brushed the dirt off his pants, he said, “There is no way I’m ever going to fall for that gorilla of a girl.” He then set off for home, smiling about the time he got to spend alone with Kosaki.

*004*2018-07-08 01:33

Author's note: This story takes place during episode 7 of season 1 of the anime (chapters 15-17 of the manga).

Story 2: Seishirō and the Men's Bathroom

“I challenge you to a duel!” declared Seishirō Tsugumi pointing at Raku Ichijo. “If you win, then I will acknowledge you as the young mistress’s boyfriend. If you lose I will subject you to agony worse than hell, and then I’ll kill you.”

“Can’t we talk this out?” asked Raku as he trembled in fear.

“Please calm down,” added Chitoge Kirisaki.

“We’ll duel after class in the school yard,” replied Seishirō. She then turned her back and began walking towards the rooftop entrance. “If you run, I’ll kill you.” She then exited the roof and slammed the door behind her. “That guy’s got some nerve thinking that he can protect her better than I can. He’s nothing but a mere beansprout. I’ll win this duel and then I’ll kill him,” she muttered to herself as she walked down the hallway.

###

Lunch period was almost over as she made her way back to class. Seishirō was almost at the classroom door when the urge to pee hit her. She had spent almost the entire morning following Chitoge around, not once leaving Chitoge’s side, even to use the bathroom. Seishirō was now beginning to regret that decision. Turning around, she walked back towards the restroom. She was about to enter the girl’s restroom when someone called out from behind her. “That’s the girl’s bathroom,” declared the female voice behind her. As Seishirō turned around, she saw the girl standing behind her was one of her classmates. She believed that the classmate’s name was Kosaki Onodera. Kosaki pointed and said, “The boy’s bathroom is over there.”

Seishirō looked in the direction that Kosaki was pointing. It was obvious that Kosaki thought that Seishirō was a guy. This had been a common occurrence throughout Seishirō’s life, although she wasn’t quite sure why people thought she was a guy. Not once had she considered that it was because she had a boy’s name and that she dressed in a male uniform. After having to try to explain her gender multiple times only to have people not believe her, Seishirō had decided that it was best to let people think what they wanted. After all, she had given up on her womanhood a long time ago. “My mistake,” said Seishirō as she turned towards the boy’s bathroom and entered.

The bathroom was rather small with three urinals and two stalls. This was not the first time that Seishirō had been forced to use the boy’s restroom. She had grown accustomed to being dragged into the men’s room as Cladue, her guardian of ten years still believed that Seishirō was a boy. On the occasions where she was forced to use the men’s room, she normally would just go into a stall. Over time though, she had learned that men are disgusting pigs and tend to leave the toilets covered in piss and god knows what else. After the first few times of having to sit on gross seat, Seishirō had decided that she had had enough and chose to teach herself to pee standing up. She wasn’t a pro at it – she still had to pull her pants down to her knees – but as long as she was in a stall, it didn’t matter.

She walked over to one of the stalls and opened the door. Inside the stall, the toilet was covered in plastic with an out of order sign sitting on top of the tank. Seishirō moved to the next stall. Opening the door, she saw that the stall was a disaster area. There was wet toilet paper covering the toilet seat and floor around the toilet. Taking a closer look, she saw that the toilet was clogged with toilet paper and god knows what else. There was no way it was going to be useable. She backed her way out of the stall and closed the door. As she thought about what to do next, she felt a surge of pain reverberate throughout her bladder. The pain caused her to hunch over. It felt like she was going to leak. Seishirō pressed her hands against her crotch and took a few deep breaths. She needed relief and she needed it now.

Seconds passed before she was able to get the pain under control. As the pain subsided, she looked up and saw the urinals. She had seen them many times during her forced trips to the men’s room, but never once had she used one. As desperation began to take hold of her, she couldn’t help but stare at the toilets that would offer no privacy. It would be bad if someone walked in on her while she was using it, but it would also be bad if she wet herself, especially after acting all big and tough with Raku Ichijo.

Realizing that she wouldn’t be able to hold out much longer, she decided that the urinal would be her best option. The only question was which one to pick. Out of the three urinals, the one on the right, farthest from the door, was wrapped in plastic with an out of order sign hanging on top. That left the urinal on the left, closest to the door, and the one in the middle. There were no dividers to offer any privacy. She ultimately chose the middle one because if worse came to worse and somebody came in, she could at least shift her body to the right.

Seishirō walked over to the middle urinal, her entire body shaking. “Can I really do this?” she whispered to herself as she gazed at it. She began to fumble with her pants as she attempted to unbuckle them. Once her pants were unbuckled, she reached for her zipper. By this point her hands were trembling so badly that she missed the first couple times she tried to grab hold of it.

“Calm down Seishirō,” she said to herself, “you can do this.” She managed to grab her zipper on the third attempt and pulled it all the way down. Seishiro then reached down and began to slide her panties down through her pants while trying to keep her pants from falling down. While she had never done this before, it was either this or pull down both her pants and panties. It took her a few seconds of maneuvering, but eventually she got it to the point where her panties were just below her thighs.

With her panties out of the way, she pulled her pants down slightly so that they the opening of her pants would line up with her urethra. Reaching inside the front of her pants, she used both hands to spread her labia. Seishirō then leaned her pelvis forward and spread her legs a bit. She was ready as she could be. Suddenly the sound of footsteps shattered the silence of the room. Turning her head to the left, she watched as a boy entered the room. Much to her horror, it was none other than Raku Ichijo.

“Man do I have to go,” declared Raku as he walked over to the urinal to the left of Seishirō. He then unzipped his pants and whipped it out. Seishirō blushed at the sight of his dick.

“Why did it have to be you?” muttered Seishirō.

“What was that?” asked Raku, having not heard a word she said.

“Nothing,” replied Seishirō as she turned her attention to the wall in front of her. The two stood there for a minute or so, neither of them saying a word. The silence was broken by the hissing sound of flowing water slapping porcelain. Seishirō turned her head and looked down. Sure enough, Raku was urinating right next to her, his dick partially exposed. Despite knowing that she shouldn’t look, Seishirō found herself staring at it.

“Stop staring!” shouted Raku the moment he noticed that Seishirō was watching him. He quickly cut off his stream and leaned forward a little more in an attempt to give himself some more privacy.

“Don’t flatter yourself!” retorted Seishirō as she quickly looked back at the wall in front of her.

“Crap,” grumbled Raku less than a minute later. “Now I can’t get my stream started again.” He then turned his head towards Seishirō. “Hey man, is everything okay over there?”

“What’s it to you?” spat Seishirō.

“It’s just that I noticed that you’ve been standing there for a couple minutes and haven’t gone yet,” replied Raku.

“That’s really none of your business,” stuttered Seishirō, her face beginning to grow red.

“Hey Tsugumi, are you pee shy by any chance?”

“I am not!” she yelled back. “I’m just uncomfortable is all.”

“Why?” asked Raku.

Unable to take Raku’s prodding any longer, she blurted out, “I’m uncomfortable because this is my first time peeing in a urinal. Are you happy now?” Seishirō’s face was now completely red. Now that she had said it, she found herself unable to hold back. “I usually just use the stall. The thought of being so exposed and vulnerable terrifies me.” She paused for a moment as she tried to hold back tears. “Go ahead and laugh.”

“Why would I do that?” asked Raku. His question caught her off guard. As she turned her head, their eyes met. “Pee shyness is nothing to be ashamed of. A lot of guys struggle with it.”

“Even you?”

“Yes,” blushed Raku. “However, I’ve come to realize that I can either let it run my life, or I can face it head on.”

“And how do you do that?”

“You just stand tall and go no matter how long it takes to get started,” answered Raku.

“That doesn’t help at all,” said Seishirō.

“I’ll think of something else then,” replied Raku. He closed his eyes and began to think of ways to help Seishirō. “How about this? Just close your eyes and take a few deep breaths. Imagine that you are the only one in here.”

“I can’t do that!” shrieked Seishirō. “If I close my eyes, you’ll look.”

“Why the hell would I look?” screamed Raku, his cheeks turning a slight shade of red as he shifted his gaze away from her. “We’re both guys.” As he looked back at Seishirō, he saw a worried expression on her face. “I won’t look,” stated Raku calmly.

“Promise?” whimpered Seishirō. The shy expression on her face was extremely cute.

“Yeah,” blushed Raku, no longer able to look Seishirō in the eye. In Raku’s mind he thought, “What the hell is wrong with me? We’re both guys so why am I reacting this way?”

“Ok,” said Seishirō as she closed her eyes. She tried to imagine that she was the only one there. Half a minute passed, but nothing happened. Opening her eyes, she whined, “It’s not working.”

“When I can’t go, I find thinking about water helps,” advised Raku.

“I’ll try it,” said Seishirō as she once again closed her eyes. Seishirō began to imagine rivers and waterfalls, but it didn’t seem to help. By this point in time, her bladder was on the verge of exploding. It was taking everything she had not to double over in pain. Opening her eyes once more, she turned to Raku and asked, “Do you think you can make water sounds?”

“I guess,” blushed Raku. He then tried his best to imitate the sounds of rivers and oceans.

“Thank you,” whispered Seishirō as she shut her eyes one final time. She began to imagine rivers and waterfalls once more. A few seconds passed before the familiar sound of water splashing against porcelain filled the air. “I’m doing it!” she thought to herself. However, her relief was shattered the instant that she began to feel something wet dripping down her inner thighs. Her eyes flew open and she quickly stared downward. Sure enough, her stream wasn’t very strong. It was just barely making it past her pants and into the urinal and the stream’s distance was shrinking by the second. She quickly pinched off her stream. Realizing that she had only one option left, she grabbed hold of her pants and yanked them down to just above the knee. She then leaned herself forward until her vagina was practically touching the back wall of the urinal. She then used her legs to straddle the sides of the urinal.

“What are you doing?” shouted a surprised Raku as he turned his head. Luckily, he had not seen her pull her pants down nor could he see her vagina as the sides of the urinal were now obstructing his view.

“Don’t look!” cried Seishirō as she leaned forward even more. Seishirō was so far forward that her skin was touching the cold, wet porcelain, but she didn’t care. The dam was breaking. Unable to hold it back any longer, she whimpered, “It’s coming out.” Less than a second later, her golden spray spurted out, colliding with the wall of the urinal. Her body shivered as dozens of little piss droplets ricocheted off the back wall of the urinal and ran down her inner thighs. She moved back slightly and gave her stream a little push. Looking down, she watched as her spray stained the white porcelain yellow as it dripped down. “I can’t believe I’m actually peeing in a urinal,” she thought to herself as her piss turned the water below into a greenish yellow. Seishirō could feel her body begin to relax as a flood of relief enveloped her. “This feels good,” she thought to herself, “maybe peeing in a urinal isn’t so hard after all. I should probably practice more.”

Her thoughts were suddenly interrupted by the sound of snickering off to the left. Turning her head, she was horrified to see a couple boys from her class walk in. “Hey look,” snickered one of the boys, “the new guy is peeing with his pants around his knees.”

“Gross,” laughed the other boy. “What is he, five?” The two boys burst out in laughter. Seishirō’s face turned a deep shade of red. Her entire body was trembling as she tried to hold back the tears beginning to form in the corners of her eyes.

“KNOCK IT OFF!” yelled Raku, his sudden outburst silencing the two boys. “What gives you the right to pick on someone for the way they use the bathroom?” Before either of the boys could answer, Raku unbuckled his pants and yanked them, along with his underwear, down to his feet. He then took a step back from the urinal before launching a thick and powerful stream of his own. “If you want to laugh at something, laugh at this.” The two boys just stood there in stunned silence. “If you don’t have anything else to say, then get out,” barked Raku using an expression he had seen his yakuza family use to intimidate others. It was enough to send the two boys running. Once they were gone, Raku turned to Seishirō and said, “Don’t mind them, those guys are just idiots.”

“Why did you help me?” sniffled Seishirō as she rubbed a tear away using her shoulder. “You and I are supposed to be enemies remember.”

“Just because we are on opposing sides doesn’t mean that we can’t help each other out,” commented Raku. “Hell, I would rather be friends instead of enemies.”

“That’s stupid,” blushed Seishirō as her spray finally died out. “Hey beansprout, I need you to look away for a second while I pull up my pants.” Raku did as he was told. Seishirō leaned down and quickly pulled up her pants and underwear. She shuddered a bit as they touched her wet thighs, but there was nothing that could be done about it. As she buttoned up her pants, she noticed a couple small drops but nothing to noticeable. Out of the corner of her eye, she noticed that Raku had just finished peeing and was now pulling up his pants.

Seishirō flushed the urinal and began walking away. Just as she was getting ready to leave the bathroom, she shouted, “Don’t think that I’m going to go easy on you just because you helped me. If anything I’m going to crush you twice as hard.” After that, she left the bathroom and made her way back towards the classroom. As she made her way back, she happened to stumble upon the two boys who had made fun of her. Needless to say, neither of those two boys ever made it back to class that day nor did they remember anything that happened during that lunch period.

###

Not long after the duel ended, Raku left the faculty room after writing an apology for using the school’s pool without permission. As he was walking down the hallway, he found himself still reeling from the discovery that Seishirō was actually a girl. The more he thought about it, the more the whole bathroom incident made sense. Raku’s face went beet red as he realized that not only had he peed next to a girl but that said girl had seen everything. Not wanting to think about it any further, Raku rushed back to the classroom to grab his bag. As he leaned down to get his bag, he felt something cold and metallic press up against the back of his head. “Raku Ichijo,” said Seishirō as she cocked the gun, “you will not speak a word about what happened in the bathroom earlier today. Because you helped me out, I won’t kill you, but I promise you this. If you say anything about seeing me pee to anyone, I swear it will be the last thing you ever do.”

“I don’t know what you’re talking about,” cried Raku. “I was in the bathroom by myself. Nobody was with me.”

“Good,” replied Seishirō as she withdrew her gun from Raku’s head. A few seconds passed before Raku turned around, only Seishirō was no longer in the room.

“That was a close one,” he muttered to himself as he slung his bag over his shoulder. As he walked home, he couldn’t help but wonder why Seishirō had chosen to use the men’s room in the first place. Regardless of the reason, Raku felt that maybe the two of them had gotten just a little bit closer and that maybe, just maybe, Seishirō would stop vocalizing her desire to kill him.

