Locked in

Author: camila_gray

*000*2022-12-24 11:14

I was hanging out with my friend all night in his small house that is not much bigger than an apartment. We were smoking and drinking. His house has a restroom out the back. This was on a Wednesday night and it was Thursday morning when we woke up. We are just platonic friends and therefore I was asleep on a couch in the corner of the lounge room. He was so high when he woke up that he forgot I was there and locked the house on both sides - back and front - and headed off to work. Two hours later, as I was slowly waking up, I received a message from him frantically apologising saying he remembered that I was there locked inside the house, and said help yourself to tap water and food from the fridge, that he would be back in the evening after a full day shift at work.

I needed pretty badly to pee in the toilet when I saw his message but I didn't know where to go. I realised the options were the kitchen sink or the bin. An idea struck me, ill pee in the bin then tip it down the sink.

But I couldn't find the bin, so it must have been locked out the back of the house from cleaning up the beer bottles the previous night.

There was a chair in the lounge room and climbing onto the kitchen sink would have to do because by the time I'd spent 5 minutes moving around looking for the bin then realising it was outside, I was desperate and had to pee as soon as possible.

In my blind desperation, it didn't occur to me that I could simply sit in the sink like a toilet. I tried to kind of hover over it facing the sink instead of turning my back to the sink to sit in it. Once I let loose, I couldn't stop and it ran down my legs. Eventually I was just squatting down on the chair I had used to try to climb onto the sink, partly since the chair had a thin layer of fabric on it and I hoped it would absorb, but mostly because I couldn't control myself.

The end.

