Riveting Rivulets (An Omo Fanfic Collection)

Author: CoruptCoquette

*000*2018-12-07 22:38

Hello everyone! Here is a forum thread where I'll be compiling the many oneshots I've written already, as well as post new ones! It'll be a bit of a variety pack when it comes to fandoms, so if you're not into one topic I'm posting, there might be something else for you later! I write a lot of fics focusing on single characters (either Gen, or with a bit of focus on specific friendships), but sometimes I'll also do shippier content. Most are fairly SFW (so just desperation/wetting without any sexual scenarios), since I'm still picking through my NSFW to see which will be appropriate to drop here. I do F/M, F/F, and M/M (haven't written much of that last one yet though).

I don't do requests very often (only if I post elsewhere specifically asking, and my WIP pile is overflowing right now), and I'm unable to do commissions at the moment. You can feel free to toss an idea at me anyways if you just want to ramble about it, and if I really like it I might find an excuse to work it into something, just know that there aren't any guarantees!

With all of that said, here's the first fic I've added to the blog! It's fairly recent!

%https://www.omorashi.org/blogs/entry/1462-stuck-doctor-who/

Feedback is much appreciated!

*001*2018-12-09 01:13

$iframe data-embed-src="https://www.omorashi.org/blogs/entry/1463-holding-more-than-cards-kakegurui-ff/?do=embed"

Here is the next omo fanfic I've uploaded! Kakegurui this time, with Midari/Yumeko! Some slightly sexier themes in this one!

Please tell me I'm not the only one here who loves this messed up Gambling Gurlz anime, season 2 cannot come fast enough so that I have more material to work with

*002*2018-12-10 20:59

$iframe data-embed-src="https://www.omorashi.org/blogs/entry/1464-all-bottled-up-danganronpa/?do=embed"

Here's one of my longer fics, starring Kirigiri from DanganRonpa! Featuring some old fashioned bus desperation and bottle peeing! It's SFW and features Naegiri as a pairing.

