Blame It On Me - The Accident Anthology

Author: Caraxes

*000*2025-09-11 19:35

This is going to be a short anthology of pee stories. I’ll come back to update it whenever.

Chapter 1: The Best of Intentions

It was my fault that Sabs was about to piss herself in the lobby of the Grand Palace Hotel.

I didn’t mean to get her into this situation, but there was no denying that I was the direct cause. And honestly? That’s pretty on-brand for me. See, I’ve got this thing, a compulsion maybe, where I want everyone around me to be happy. My parents sweetly call it “being considerate,” my boss calls it “a gift for community relations,” and my ex once called it “exhausting.” I call it what it really is: being a people pleaser who sometimes digs holes too deep for herself and drags others down for company.

Anyways, that’s the struggle of being Vivian Brooks. Other than that, I’m boring as fuck. I’m a 28 year old cultural heritage project coordinator for the City of Redfield, and a closeted nerd who has way too many fandoms to keep up with. I grew up the mixed daughter of an Irish-American dad and a Korean mom who still calls me every Sunday to remind me about sunscreen. I inherited my father’s guilt complex and my mother’s tendency to over-prepare for absolutely everything, except the part where I’m supposed to be selfish once in a while. That gene skipped me. Instead, I learned how to say “yes” to everyone, how to smooth over conflicts, and how to be the friend people think of when they need a wingwoman, a ride, or a bad idea made worse with enthusiasm.

Which is how I managed to rope my best friend into sneaking into a hotel lobby she had absolutely no business being in.

Sabs - short for Sabina Hrytsenko, though only her mother uses the full name - is the brunette force of nature who has been my partner in crime since I moved to Redfield three years ago. We met at bar trivia night, which tells you everything you need to know: two nerds, one team, absolutely humiliating everyone else with our combined knowledge of 90s cartoons, obscure geography, and Tolkien’s appendices. She’s got Ukrainian roots, sharp cheekbones, and the kind of laugh that makes bartenders give you free fries “just because.” She’s also blunt as hell, the complete opposite of me in that she doesn’t bother with smoothing things over. She says what she thinks, sometimes to disastrous effect, but somehow it balances me out.

And right now? She was balancing on the edge of disaster, legs crossed, face scrunched, glaring at me like she was reconsidering every life choice that had led her to call me her best friend.

All because I wanted to cheer her up.

It had all started a week ago with a breakup text while we were painting at my apartment. It was a perfect day, the sky was bright blue and we were out on my balcony with easels and paints, enjoying each other’s company. I was painting an image of Boromir’s death in The Fellowship of the Ring, while Sabs was painting a duck pond. Sabs had teased me about it. “Wow, Viv, nothing screams relaxation like a guy getting impaled by ten arrows.” Neither of us had realized it was foreshadowing for the tone of the afternoon.

The text came in while Sabs was painting some cattails, and she immediately broke into tears. No one wants to receive a breakup text in the company of others, but alas, there we were. She made a sound somewhere between a sob and a snort, smudged the paint with her sleeve, and then shoved her phone in my face as if I’d personally sent the message.

Brad had been her boyfriend the entire time I’d known her, and they’d moved in together a year ago. They had been discussing finances, looking at houses, even wedding rings. The kind of “serious adulting” I’d only ever spectated from the sidelines with popcorn. So his empty text of “I don’t think this is working, I want a break” wasn’t just a shitty way to end things, it was also a sucker punch to the whole life she thought she was building.

It came as a massive blindside to Sabs. One second she was carefully dabbing in cattails, the next she was hunched over her phone, splotching paint on her jeans, while her world cracked open in front of me.

And here’s the thing about Sabs: she’s tough. Like, roll-your-eyes-at-your-boss tough, make-a-snarky-joke-at-a-funeral tough. She’s the person you call when your radiator explodes or your car dies in the Target parking lot, because she’ll show up, no questions asked, armed with jumper cables and positive energy. But that day? She was undone. Just sobbing and gasping and repeating, “I don’t understand,” over and over.

And me, being me, I couldn’t stand it. I wanted to pick her up off the floor, rebuild her self-worth, and hand-deliver her happiness back on a silver platter. Spoiler: turns out you can’t do that for someone else.

I did my best to comfort her. I handed her tissues. I made tea. I told her she was better off without a guy who thought “it’s not you, it’s me” counted as original writing. But I could feel her breaking in real time, and something inside me, the overactive fixer, the lifelong people-pleaser, snapped into action. I decided it was my mission to cheer her up, no matter what.

Big mistake.

Because when you’re me, “cheering someone up” doesn’t mean just letting them wallow with ice cream and a bad rom-com like a normal person. No. It means cooking up schemes, organizing “fun” distractions, and generally dragging your friend into situations she didn’t ask for.

And so, one questionable idea at a time, I steered Sabs directly into the mess that led to her bladder crisis in the Grand Palace Hotel lobby.

But I’m getting ahead of myself again.

See, Sabs isn’t like me. She doesn’t play along just to keep the peace. She’s fiery, blunt, and usually the first to call bullshit. But in the week after the breakup, she let me run the show because she was too gutted to argue. And I, like an idiot, took full advantage.

The “therapy” started small. A trivia night at The Sloshed Cactus where we came second, a coffee chat on our mutual lunch break at a shop near our offices and even a group outting to the farmer’s market on Thursday after work where Sabs broke down crying when she saw a cactus that reminded her of Greg. But an idea he been stewing for days, and it was an idea I should’ve known better than to suggest. The one that landed us in the Grand Palace Hotel, where Sabs was now clenching every muscle in her body and whispering death threats under her breath.

I had been sat on the toilet on Tuesday evening, phone in hand, squeezing out the last reluctant drops of a before-bed pee when the algorithm threw me a bone. A story ad flashed across my Instagram with bright neon fonts, overly excited stock-photo faces, and the words Trivia Scavenger Hunt: Gerald Way Arts District, This Friday. My thumb hovered as I watched the slideshow cycle through pictures of twenty-somethings in vintage jackets holding clipboards and beers, posing under murals, laughing like their lives depended on it. Corny as hell, yes. But also? Exactly the kind of thing that had mine and Sabs’s fingerprints all over it. Trivia had always been our thing, and the idea of coupling it with running around the city solving clues was the kind of chaotic distraction I knew she needed and I had been searching for all week.

By the time I flushed, washed my hands, and crawled into bed, the thought had cemented itself: this was fate. Sabs needed something to yank her out of her post-Brad funk, something that wasn’t just another bar night or Netflix binge. She needed silliness, competition, and enough noise to drown out the sound of her phone not buzzing with texts from him. And me? I needed to do something. That’s my fatal flaw. I can’t sit in stillness with someone else’s pain. I can’t just hold the tissue box and say, “Yeah, this sucks.” I have to fix, orchestrate, distract, entertain. It’s compulsive, and if I’m honest, it’s as much for me as it is for them.

So, by Wednesday morning, I’d signed us up. By Wednesday afternoon, I was mentally planning outfits. By Thursday, I’d already detoured after work and our farmers market trip to stock up on alcohol, because no truly successful night of distraction ever ran on soda water alone. And by Friday at five o’clock, while the rest of Redfield was shuffling home for quiet evenings, I was buzzing with the smug excitement of a woman who thought she had engineered the perfect heartache cure: trivia, tequila, and the promise of a night neither of us would forget.

We headed downtown after work, our Uber sliding past murals splashed across brick warehouses and string lights already beginning to glow in the Art District. I’d gone for a simple but effective black dress, the kind that skimmed rather than clung, with sleeves just long enough to feel chic but not so long that I couldn’t throw my hands up in victory when we inevitably crushed the competition. My hair was down and glossy, my eyeliner winged sharp enough to cut glass. A look that said “effortless,” though it had taken forty-five minutes. Sabs had rolled in wearing high-waisted jeans that hugged her hips, a cropped white tank, and an oversized plaid flannel that hung off one shoulder like she’d stepped out of a 90s catalog. She was makeup-light, just a bit of gloss and mascara, her brunette waves falling in an artful mess that she’d deny was intentional.

Physically, we’ve always made a funny pair. I’ve got my mother’s luminous skin, my father’s jawline, and almond-shaped eyes that make strangers tilt their heads as if trying to place me. Five-seven, long legs I usually try to downplay, and hair I wear straight and shiny because curls take too much energy. I’m the one people double-take at in line at the grocery store, the one whose “striking beauty” gets commented on by tipsy aunts at weddings. Yes, I’m cocky…

Sabs, on the other hand, is pure Ukrainian fire. She’s shorter, five-four at best, but never once has she come across as small. Her cheekbones are sharp enough to land a modeling contract, her hazel eyes change color in the light, and her mouth has this natural, slightly sardonic tilt that makes her look like she’s permanently on the verge of calling you out. She walks into a room and people instinctively brace themselves.

The Grand Palace Hotel was our base of operations. Don’t let the name fool you, it wasn’t a palace, and it wasn’t particularly grand. It was one of those slightly faded downtown hotels that leaned hard on chandeliers and velvet curtains to distract from the popcorn ceilings in the rooms. It’s more than likely to have a hockey team of thirteen year old boys running through the halls. Still, it had a lobby with a fountain, a bar with overpriced cocktails, and the air of a place where something fun could happen. I’d booked us a double queen room, because if I was going to drag Sabs through my harebrained grief therapy, I was at least going to do it with clean sheets and cable TV.

Sabs rolled her eyes when we checked in. “Viv, this is extravagant overkill” she said, trying to insist she pays for at least some, but I waved her off. Practicality had no place here. This was about atmosphere. And, okay, maybe also about the stash of contraband I pulled from my overnight bag the second we got upstairs: a bottle of tequila, two six-packs of hard seltzers, and a lone bottle of prosecco I’d optimistically deemed our “victory drink.” I lined them up on the desk like a general displaying her arsenal.

Sabs raised an eyebrow, and tried to put up her usual front. “I told you I wasn’t drinking this week,” she muttered, hands on her hips, looking at me like I’d just suggested we rob a gas station. But I’ve known her long enough to recognize that hesitation is not refusal. It’s just her way of asking me to push. So I cracked a seltzer, pressed it into her palm, and said, “One won’t kill you. Consider it medicinal.” She rolled her eyes but took a sip, muttering something under her breath that I pretended not to hear.

Within an hour, the room had shifted. Our voices were louder, our cheeks flushed, and the air was thick with that fizzy kind of laughter that comes after the third drink when everything suddenly feels like a private joke. We sprawled across the beds, shoes kicked off, hair undone, teasing each other about trivia categories we’d crush and the inevitable chaos of the scavenger hunt. The city lights blinked through the curtains, and for the first time in days, Sabs looked like herself again. She didn’t look like the girl gutted by a text message, but instead she was back to being my best friend, the one who laughed so hard she snorted and made the whole room brighter.

By the time we stumbled into the lobby, the buzz of tequila had smoothed into that sweet spot where everything feels like an inside joke. The scavenger hunt crowd was gathered by the fountain, a mismatched herd of twenty- and thirty-somethings clutching clipboards, pens, and beers from the hotel bar. The organizers wore matching shirts that said Redfield Trivia Crawl in neon font, like a rave and a library had a baby.

That’s when we clocked them… our rivals. Two women standing near the front, leaning against the check-in counter like they owned the place. One was tall and reed-slim, with a high ponytail so tight it looked like it gave her a facelift, and she had that bored, razor-sharp expression of someone who was used to being the smartest in the room. Her friend was shorter, curvier, with dark lipstick and the kind of chunky boots that said she’d trample you without a second thought. They glanced our way, gave each other a smirk, and I felt my competitive switch flip on like a light.

“Tell me you saw that,” I muttered.

“Oh, I saw it,” Sabs replied, her hazel eyes narrowing. “We’re crushing them.”

The host, a chipper guy in a neon green vest, clapped his hands for attention. “Alright, teams! Welcome to the Gerald Way Trivia Scavenger Hunt! Here’s how it works: you’ll get your first clue here, and each solved clue will lead you to the next location in the Arts District. At each stop, you’ll answer a trivia question or complete a task to get the next clue. First team to make it back here wins bragging rights, a hundred-dollar bar tab, and…” he flourished a gaudy plastic trophy. “immortality.”

The crowd laughed, cheered, and shuffled closer. I bounced on my heels, itching to start, while Sabs shifted uncomfortably beside me.

“Viv,” she hissed in my ear, “I need to pee.”

I glanced at the women’s room sign across the lobby. “You’ll be fine. We’re about to start.”

“No, like, I really need to go.” She crossed one leg over the other and gave me the look of a woman trying not to make a scene.

I felt a sympathetic twinge low in my own belly, but I pushed it aside. There would be time later, after we’d pulled ahead. If we ran to the bathroom now, our rivals in boots and ponytail would be halfway to the first clue before we even zipped up. “Just hold it. We’ll be quick,” I said, grabbing her wrist as the host lifted a stack of envelopes.

“You owe me for this,” Sabs muttered, but she let me drag her forward, grumbling under her breath.

Our team name, Team Boromir’s Ghost, was called, and we got our envelope. I ripped it open with drunken urgency, eyes scanning the printed text:

“Begin where the city’s heart beats in color, where walls are louder than voices and a woman in blue watches the street. Find her gaze and answer: what year was Redfield founded?”

Sabs and I locked eyes. We knew this one. The mural of the woman in blue, painted across the side of the old tram station, was practically the Arts District’s mascot. She had wide, sorrowful eyes, her shawl draped in a swirl of blues and purples, and tourists posed with her year-round.

“It’s the tram mural,” I said, already tugging Sabs toward the glass doors.

She groaned, crossing her arms tight across her stomach. “Fine. But if I pee on the sidewalk, it’s on you.”

The night air hit us as we burst out onto Gerald Way. The street was alive with music spilling from bars, food trucks frying up late-night snacks, and couples weaving hand-in-hand through the art-lined blocks. We half-walked, half-jogged past galleries and cafes until the mural came into view. It was four stories tall, lit by a floodlight, the woman’s eyes seeming to follow us.

“Redfield was founded in 1847,” Sabs said immediately, not even pausing. Her family had drilled local history into her like catechism.

I scribbled the answer on the sheet provided, my pulse buzzing with tequila and adrenaline. Then we took a selfie, posing in front of the mural. One clue down. Time slipping by faster than I realized. And somewhere behind us, our rivals were hot on our heels.

The second clue had sent us weaving through the Arts District toward the Redfield Jazz Walk, a stretch of sidewalk inlaid with bronze stars engraved with the names of local musicians. The riddle read: “Follow the soundless song where feet leave no mark. Find the star of the trumpet king.” Easy. Redfield’s “trumpet king” was Lionel James, whose star sat smack in the middle of Gerald Way, right by the taco stand. We snapped a picture of Sabs crouching over it, her smile a little strained but still there, and scribbled the answer before moving on.

The third clue led us down an alley painted from ground to rooftop with mosaics. “Count the doves in flight and tell us the number.” That one was trickier; it required craning our necks and drunkenly arguing about what counted as a dove versus “just some random pigeon-shaped tile.” But we finally agreed there were twenty-three, posed for our photo with the mosaic wings spread behind us like angels, and turned in the answer. Time was moving fast now—forty minutes gone in what felt like fifteen—and the tequila in our veins made the world spin warm and easy.

Then came clue four.

“Ascend where the hours have stood for a century. Snap a photo beneath the iron hands, and name the architect who built it.”

That meant the old Redfield clock tower, a brick beast looming at the edge of the Arts District. And, of course, by the time we got there, ponytail and boots were already climbing the narrow staircase inside.

“Hope you don’t trip on the way up,” ponytail sneered as we approached, voice echoing in the stone archway. “Wouldn’t want to… slow you down.” Her eyes flicked to Sabs, who was shifting from foot to foot, thighs pressed together, clearly desperate.

Boots smirked. “Or maybe you just need a bathroom break first?”

Sabs’s face flushed scarlet. She muttered something murderous under her breath, but followed me into the tower anyway, her steps stiff and clipped. The spiral staircase was brutal: narrow, steep, and endless, every step jostling her bladder. She cursed under her breath the entire way up, and I kept pretending not to notice the urgency in her movements.

When we reached the top, the city spread out beneath us, glittering with neon and headlights. The massive iron hands of the clock loomed above, their gears groaning faintly. Sabs glanced around, bit her lip, and whispered, “I can’t wait, Viv. I’m just… I have to.”

Before I could argue, she darted into the shadowy corner of the tower room, fumbling with the button on her high-waisted jeans. She moved quickly, like a woman trying to steal back a shred of dignity before her body betrayed her. My heart squeezed for her, this wasn’t the night I wanted for her, not after Brad.

And then… click.

The sharp little sound of a phone camera. Followed by a muffled giggle.

I spun around. Ponytail was standing in the doorway, with her phone up, smug grin plastered across her face. Boots covered her mouth, snickering. Sabs froze mid-motion, face blazing red, fumbling to yank her jeans back up.

“That’s enough,” I snapped, my voice sharper than I meant it to be. The alcohol burned in my chest as anger surged hot and fast. “Delete it. Now.”

Ponytail just arched an eyebrow, smug as a cat, before sliding her phone into her pocket. Sabs wouldn’t look at me, or them. She just shook her head, lips pressed tight, humiliation radiating off her.

“Let’s go,” I said, putting a hand on her shoulder, guiding her toward the stairs. My chest ached at how small she looked, folding into herself. “Come on. We’ll find a bathroom.”

“Please, Viv,” she whispered, voice low and urgent, “I can’t take much more of this. Just help me find a toilet.”

So I did the only thing I could: I led her down the stairs and away from the tower, my own twinge growing sharper with every step, my anger toward those girls boiling hotter than the tequila in my veins.

We grabbed clue five from the volunteer at the base of the tower, the paper nearly slipping out of my sweaty hands. My eyes darted over the words, praying for a miracle:

“Seek the fountain that never runs dry, where stone lions guard the water. Take your photo, then answer: what phrase is carved on the basin’s rim?”

A fountain. My brain translated that instantly to: public bathrooms nearby.

“Oh my God, Viv,” Sabs said, her face lighting up like a kid on Christmas morning. “The fountain by Halberd Square! There are bathrooms there!” She practically bounced, her desperation twisted into sudden hope.

Her shift in mood was contagious, lifting me out of my own tightening ache. “See?” I grinned, digging out the little flask I’d tucked into my bag. “Reward for keeping it together this long.”

She hesitated, lips pursed like she knew better, then rolled her eyes and took a swig. “Fine. If I wet myself before we get there, I’m blaming you.”

“Deal,” I said, stealing a sip myself. The burn spread down my throat, pooling hot in my stomach, and almost instantly I regretted it. My bladder gave a heavy, protesting throb, as if reminding me that tequila was not a replacement for self-preservation.

We set off down Gerald Way again, weaving through clusters of laughing scavenger hunters, neon lights reflecting in the puddles of last night’s rain. Sabs couldn’t walk normally anymore, and her steps were short and jerky, her thighs pressed tight together, hands stuffed into her jacket pockets like that could anchor her against the pressure. She muttered and cursed under her breath, pausing every so often to bend her knees, crossing one leg over the other in a frantic little shuffle before forcing herself onward.

And me? Out of sympathy or just biology catching up, I was feeling the squeeze too. Every bounce of the sidewalk under my boots sent a ripple through my own bladder, my nerves tightening like piano wires. Normally, I was the weak one. My bladder was a pathetic, over-sensitive thing. I’d spent most of my adult life strategizing my nights out around when I could sneak a bathroom break. But Sabs? She was a fortress. She could dance through hours of bottomless mimosas without so much as a wince. Seeing her like this, flushed, fidgety, reduced to little desperate wiggles with every step, was unnerving.

The only other time I’d seen her crack was two years ago at the club. The line for the women’s bathroom had been fifty girls deep, and Sabs had lasted an hour longer than me before she grabbed my hand and hissed, “Outside. Now.” We’d slipped into the alley, both of us squatting between dumpsters while Brad… fuck Brad… stood guard with all the enthusiasm of a man who thought chivalry meant scrolling Instagram with his back turned.

I shook my head, as if I could physically fling his name out of my skull. Not tonight. Tonight was about Sabs and me, tequila and clues, laughter and rivalry. Not Brad and his stupid text.

Ahead of me, Sabs stopped again, bent forward slightly, pressing her thighs together in a frantic little dance. “God, Viv, if this fountain doesn’t have a bathroom…”

“It will,” I said quickly, ignoring the throb in my own belly. “It has to.”

But as we rounded the corner, the sound of rushing water echoed through the square, and I realized we were about to find out just how cruel the universe could be.

The sound of the fountain hit us before we even stepped into the square, a steady gush and spray, the kind of sound that makes your brain automatically imagine cool water flowing over your hands. By the time the stone lions came into view, their jaws spilling streams into the basin, my bladder clenched so hard I nearly doubled over.

Sabs whimpered. Not a dramatic, exaggerated whine, but an honest-to-God whimper, the kind you would expect from a wounded animal. She froze on the edge of the square, her knees buckling inward, both hands jammed tight into the waistband of her jeans.

“Oh my God, oh my God, oh my God,” she muttered, bouncing on her toes like she could shake the urge away. “I can’t, Viv, the sound….”

“I know,” I gasped, shifting from foot to foot. My thighs pressed together, heat blooming in my cheeks. The rushing water was inescapable, each splash echoing in my bones. Instinct took over. I clutched myself through my jeans, subtle enough that passersby might think I was just adjusting, but the pressure relief was immediate.

We both stumbled toward the side of the fountain where a squat brick building housed the public bathrooms. The signs glowed faintly under the streetlights, those stick-figure man and woman icons practically a beacon from the heavens. I nearly cried with relief, until I saw the metal gates pulled down, padlocked tight. A paper notice flapped in the breeze: CLOSED UNTIL MARCH.

Sabs stared at the sign. Her jaw clenched. Then her whole body went still.

“Viv,” she whispered.

I turned to her, heart seizing. Her face was pale except for two furious red blotches high on her cheeks. She bit her lip hard, her eyes wide, frozen in horror.

“No, no, no,” she muttered, pressing both hands between her legs, bent forward slightly. “I just… I… oh, God.”

She went rigid. I knew before she said it. A small, hot leak had slipped past her control. She was panicking, her breath coming fast, the flush spreading across her neck.

My competitive streak, the part of me that had been racing the rivals and shoving aside our needs to keep us moving, collapsed in an instant. None of that mattered anymore. Not the trophy, not the clues, not those smug girls with their boots and ponytails.

“Come on,” I said, my voice sharp but steady, grabbing her hand. She resisted for a second, embarrassed, but I pulled gently until she let me lead her. “The hotel isn’t far. You can make it.”

“Viv,” she stammered, her eyes glossy, humiliation written across her face. “I can’t…”

“Yes, you can,” I insisted, my own bladder throbbing, each step a gamble. The fountain gurgled behind us, cruel and relentless, but I forced myself not to look back. “Forget the game. Forget them. We’re getting you to a bathroom.”

So we ran, hand in hand, back through the Arts District. Ten minutes later, we crossed through the threshold beneath the great old front doors.

It was my fault that Sabs was about to piss herself in the lobby of the Grand Palace Hotel. The scene is burned into me in full color, every detail replaying in my head with crystal clarity.

The Grand Palace lobby was all polished marble floors, chandeliers dripping light like glass rain, and bellhops in crisp burgundy jackets lined up like toy soldiers. I remember how Sabs looked as we burst through the revolving door. Her long brunette hair, usually sleek, had come undone, strands clinging to her flushed cheeks. Her hazel eyes were wide and frantic, her face tight with panic. She was still wearing her favorite leather jacket over a soft cream blouse, but the look was ruined by the way she had both hands pressed into the waistband of her high-waisted jeans, her movements jerky, desperate, uncharacteristically graceless.

I was hardly better. My black dress clung to me as I shuffled forward, thighs rubbing together, each step a reminder of how badly I needed relief myself.

“Please, please, please,” Sabs was whispering under her breath as she half-stumbled toward the front desk. Her voice cracked when she finally addressed the bellhop, a young man with freckles and neatly combed hair who looked about nineteen. “You have to let me use the lobby bathroom, please. I can’t…”

He blinked, startled, his polite training warring with his total lack of preparation for this kind of emergency. “Uh… I’m sorry, ma’am, the lobby restroom is closed for cleaning. But if you’ll just…”

That was when it happened. A thin rivulet slipped down the inside of Sabs’s thigh, darkening the denim as it traveled. I saw it glisten under the chandelier’s glow before it spattered onto the marble floor.

Gasps rippled across the lobby. A couple checking in turned sharply, the woman clutching her partner’s arm. The receptionist froze, mouth slightly open. Even the bellhop looked stricken, his eyes darting helplessly toward me as if I might know what to do.

Sabs whimpered, squeezing herself harder, trying to deny what was already happening. Her whole body trembled, her knees shaking.

“Come on,” I muttered, grabbing her hand and pulling her toward the elevators, my face burning with secondhand shame. But halfway there she wrenched free, her voice breaking.

“No, I can’t…” she gasped, darting behind one of the massive planters that held a fake palm tree near the elevators.

I followed, my heart hammering. And then I saw it.

Sabs bent slightly at the waist, her jeans already saturated at the thighs. A heavy stream poured down her legs, soaking into the denim and pattering onto the marble in a widening puddle. The yellow sheen spread beneath her boots, pooling until it lapped against the base of the planter. Her cheeks were scarlet, her hazel eyes glassy with humiliation. A gurgling sob escaped her throat as her body gave out completely, and she sank against the wall, sliding down until she was crouched, hands covering her face.

For a moment, no one in the lobby moved. It was as though the entire hotel inhaled and held its breath. I felt a crushing swell of love and sorrow for her, my best friend, undone and humiliated because I had insisted we keep going, insisted we race ahead.

I dropped beside her, my hand on her damp shoulder, my voice low. “It’s okay. You’re okay. Come on, Sabs. Let’s get out of here.”

She sniffled, still shaking, but let me pull her upright. Her soaked jeans clung dark and heavy to her legs, the fabric cold now. She wiped at her eyes quickly, trying to claw back a shred of composure. Together, we walked briskly toward the elevators, heads ducked, as though ignoring the stares would erase them.

At the elevator, a sweet old lady with a silver bun and pearls stepped aside. She looked at us kindly, eyes soft, and gestured. “You girls go ahead. I’ll wait for the next one.”

I pressed the button with trembling hands, and when the doors opened, I guided Sabs inside. As the elevator doors slid shut, the lobby vanished, and with it the collective gaze of everyone who had just witnessed my best friend break.

The elevator ride was silent except for the faint drip of pee off Sabs’s jeans onto the floor. Neither of us spoke. I just held her hand, feeling how small and trembling it was inside mine. When the doors slid open onto our floor, she kept her head down, moving fast, her wet jeans clinging to her legs like a second skin. I unlocked the room in a fumbling rush and shut the door quickly behind us, shutting out the rest of the world.

Only then did I let myself breathe. And only then did the guilt sink in fully.

I had done this. In my attempt to lift her out of heartbreak, to prove that life was still fun and competitive and worth chasing, I had dragged her through what would now be, without question, the most humiliating night of her life. She had lost Brad in the cruelest way possible, and then she had lost her dignity in front of a hotel lobby full of strangers. All because I wanted to keep her distracted, because I wanted to believe I knew best.

We stripped down without talking. She peeled her soaked jeans off her legs with a wet, sick sound, and I turned away, giving her privacy she was too proud to ask for. I tugged off my own clothes too, the dress, the bra that now felt suffocating, until I was down to just an old pair of white cotton underwear. She ended up nude, bare and vulnerable in the hotel lamplight, her hair falling around her flushed face in a dark, tangled curtain. She looked so breakable, and it ached to see her like that. I avoided glancing down and her bush, glistening with droplets of her shame.

Without showering, we climbed into the big hotel bed together, the white duvet swallowing us up. The city glowed faintly outside the window, but in here it was quiet, only the sound of our uneven breaths. Sabs buried her face in my shoulder and I held her as tightly as I could. At first she trembled, little gasps catching in her throat, and then the tears came. Mine followed soon after, hot and unrelenting, streaking down my face as the weight of it all hit me. Two grown women, stripped bare of everything but grief and exhaustion, clinging to each other like we might otherwise vanish.

Eventually, when our tears began to slow, I reached for the remote and clicked on the TV, searching for something light enough to cut through the heaviness. We settled on an old comedy, the kind with ridiculous slapstick and canned laughter. It was jarring at first, but then the absurdity started to work. I felt Sabs’ body shake against me, not with sobs this time, but with the beginnings of laughter. It wasn’t much, but it was something.

At some point, between scenes, with the glow of the screen painting her face in soft light, Sabs leaned close. Her voice was quiet, thick with sleep and emotion.

“I appreciate you, Viv,” she whispered. “Since the breakup… you’ve been there in every way. You’re the best friend I’ve ever had.”

My throat tightened. I blinked hard, staring at the ceiling so the tears would not fall again.

“Same,” I managed, my voice low. “Always.”

She drifted off not long after, her breath soft and steady against my shoulder. I lay awake longer, watching the movie play on without us, feeling the crushing weight of guilt mixed with the fragile glow of love. I had failed her in one way tonight, but in another, maybe I had succeeded. She wasn’t alone. Not in the heartbreak, not in the humiliation, not in the long road ahead.

And I would make damn sure she never felt alone again.

*002*2025-09-14 13:22

{{On 9/12/2025 at 8:30 AM, WetFairy said:

Wow vivian seems funny, is it always going to be about her?

}}

Yeah the frame for this story is that they will always be told from Vivian’s perspective. So far, I have 6 stories I want to write and I’m almost done the 4th!

*003*2025-09-18 15:40

Chapter 2: An Orgasmic Sensation

Okay, so here is the confession. The incident on the Trivia Crawl is not the only time in my life that it has been my fault that someone wet themselves. Somehow my overeager nature and my excitement over the smallest details of life have a way of distracting people from even their most basic needs. It is never intentional, but it happens often enough that I have started to notice a pattern.

I will be telling a story, or making someone laugh, or pulling someone into whatever little adventure I have decided is important in the moment, and only afterward do I realize they were shifting from foot to foot the entire time or glancing around for an escape. By then it is already too late.

Some of those incidents have been funny in hindsight, the kind of thing that turns into an inside joke. Others have not been funny at all. Sabs’ situation was particularly traumatic for both of us, and I still feel guilty when I think about it.

But the one that happened during my fourth year at Greatwestern University with my roommate Jordan stands out as the strangest. It began with a party, a careless comment, and the spark in her eyes that told me she was going to try something I should have warned her about.

———

Greatwestern University always looked like something carved out of an old novel. It had red-brick halls shouldering ivy, crooked elms arching over the quads, and the kind of stone library steps that carried the weight of a hundred different student bodies over decades. It wasn’t the most famous school in Massachusetts, but in my mind it had always felt like the center of the world. Four years of my life folded into these walkways, into dorm hall chatter echoing off painted cinderblock, into the quiet electric thrill of living on my own, both terrified and freer than ever.

But back then, in my fourth year, I could feel the edges of it thinning. Every tradition, whether it was late-night pizza in the lounge, open windows spilling music into the spring air, volleyball games pounding through the gym , felt at once ordinary and already nostalgic. I caught myself taking mental snapshots, as if I could freeze this version of my life before it slipped away.

Two weeks earlier than the story I am telling, at one of those small, chaotic dorm parties where the floor was sticky and the music half-broken, I’d said something I probably shouldn’t have. Drinks had blurred the filter on my mouth, and the conversation had drifted to sex, which for college girls is half-whispered confessional, half-performance. I’d laughed, tossed back the last of my drink, and admitted out loud that orgasms came easier if you did it with a full bladder.

It was an odd confession and the words hung in the air like smoke. A few people giggled, others looked scandalized. But across the couch, my roommate Jordan’s eyes lit in a way I’d never seen before.

Jordan was California sunshine bottled in a girl. Tall, blonde, legs like a metronome when she walked, the star of the volleyball team, and sweet as ice cream. Sweet, but always a little… locked. She’d once admitted to me, in the quiet of our room, that in her three-year relationship with Russellshe’d never once actually cum.

When I saw the spark in her eyes at that party, I knew she was going to try what I’d said. I knew, and I pretended not to.

⸻

Two weeks later, I was sitting in my geopolitics lecture, half-drifting, Gemma beside me. Gemma was the opposite of Jordan in most ways, but a decent friend nonetheless. She was slouched into her seat, linen pants wrinkled, no bra under her crop top, her hair still smelling faintly of whatever she’d smoked the night before. She was my first-year friend turned constant companion, a stoner philosopher who made boredom feel less heavy.

After class, like always, we headed to the football stadium. The bleachers were our spot every Thursday night, high up, away from prying eyes, the metal groaning beneath us as we climbed. Soon the joint burned slow between us, and the campus lights flickered on one by one, painting the field below in long shadows.

We talked about the future. I confessed my fear of moving to the city after graduation, of being swallowed whole by skyscrapers and noise. Gemma stretched, exhaled smoke, told me I was overthinking, that the city would be lucky to have me.

Somewhere in that haze, my phone buzzed. Jordan’s name lit the screen.

“Text me when you’re five minutes from home.”

I stared at it too long. My high made it feel like a riddle. Why five minutes? Why not just “when you’re on your way”? But I tucked it away. Jordan could be particular.

⸻

Half an hour later, the tug in my stomach had sharpened into something insistent. I had always had a small bladder, and all the water during my lecture was catching up to me. I shifted, laughed it off, but eventually told Gemma I needed to head home. She teased me to just go behind the bleachers. She always teased me about that, but I knew she’d only watch, staring at my bare golden ass, and the thought made my cheeks burn.

So I walked.

Campus at night was like a dream, with lamplight halos on the pavement, laughter echoing from far-off dorms, the distant thump of bass from another party. But I couldn’t stop fixating on my body, the urgency building with each step. I found myself pressing fingers against my thigh, then between my legs for just a moment every few dozen feet, quick and childish, praying no one saw.

⸻

The dorm lobby was busy, with students in and out, the elevator dinging, and doors slamming. My high made it all feel stage-lit, every movement sharper than it should be.

Two girls I vaguely knew were in the elevator when I stepped in. They were bubbly, mid-conversation, one of them asking me how my night was.

I opened my mouth, starting to answer. But halfway through, I lost the thread completely as the high overtook me again. My focus shrank to the throbbing urgency in my stomach. Words slowed, dragged. And before I could stop myself, my hand pressed between my thighs, blatant.

Silence. Their eyes flicked toward me, then quickly away.

I burned crimson, forced my hand back to my side, tried to laugh it off but the elevator ride stretched into eternity. When the doors finally slid open, I fled, sneakers squeaking down the hall.

At our door, my key fumbled twice. My hands wouldn’t obey me — the urgency in my stomach had spread up into my chest, buzzing in my fingers. I cursed under my breath, tried again. The third time, the tumblers finally clicked, and I shoved the door open with too much force. My bag swung off my shoulder and smacked the frame as I half-stumbled inside.

Then I froze.

The room looked normal at first. The blinds were drawn and the lamp was glowing dim gold the way it always did in the evenings, but then my eyes caught Jordan.

She was on her bed, butt-naked, earbuds glowing faint blue, completely lost in her own world. Her phone rested loose in one hand, screen tilted toward her, its shifting light cutting across her bare skin. Her other hand was working furiously between her legs, massaging her clit. Her pussy was clean-shaven, and her pink nipples were rising and falling in the cool air. She was laid open, knees bent high, thighs apart, body slack with concentration and her chest was heaving. Her head was tipped back into the pillow, lips parted, eyes fluttering and sweat ran down her brow.

For a split second, I couldn’t recognize her. It was like staring at a stranger who happened to wear my roommate’s face. Jordan was always immaculate, always curated. She was the girl who ironed her volleyball warm-ups and spritzed perfume before class. Seeing her this raw was like flipping a stone and finding the whole ecosystem teeming underneath.

The sound of my clumsy entrance shattered it. My bag hit the floor with a clap. The keys in my hand jingled against the doorframe.

Her eyes flew open.

“Vivian!” she gasped, her voice high-pitched and horrified.

Everything happened at once. She jerked upright, her phone slipping onto her chest. Her legs flailed higher before she tried to snap them closed, but the blanket had bunched under her knees, trapping her. Her face went crimson instantly, red racing up her throat and into her ears.

And then…

A sharp hiss.

At first, I didn’t understand what I was hearing. But my eyes followed it, helpless, and I saw it: a spray arcing from between her thighs, catching the lamplight in glistening fragments before splattering against the sheets.

Jordan’s body recoiled as though even she hadn’t expected it. The more she tried to clench her legs, the more the stream slipped free, splashing against her hands as she tried to cover herself. Her fingers glistened, liquid running down to her thighs, soaking into the blanket beneath her.

She made a strangled sound, a half-scream, half-groan, and collapsed backward, dropping her phone onto her bare chest. Her legs flailed higher for an instant before she twisted sideways, face diving into the pillow on her stomach, trying to bury herself from the world even as the hissing continued. Now it was muffled, spraying down into her mattress.

Time slowed until each second was unbearable. My brain couldn’t process it all at once; Jordan’s humiliation, my own stunned paralysis, the unmistakable connection to what I had told her two weeks ago at that stupid party. She had taken my words literally, filled herself to bursting, and now, caught off guard, she was undone by it.

Her whole body shook as her blush deepened. She curled tighter, pressing her face harder into the pillow, still trembling as the sound faded into silence.

My throat closed. “I… oh my god! I’m sorry!” I blurted, the words tumbling out uselessly.

I dropped my bag where it had fallen, scrambled backward, and pulled the door shut behind me. My pulse thundered so hard it hurt, my own embarrassment burning as hot as hers.

The hallway lights buzzed overhead, too bright, too merciless. I leaned against the wall, heart hammering, knowing with absolute certainty why she had wanted that “five minutes” of warning.

The moment the door clicked behind me, I was already half-running down the hall. My pulse was still thrumming from what I’d just seen, but the original problem, the one I’d been nursing since the bleachers, finally overtook me. My body gave me no choice.

I pushed into the communal bathroom, the fluorescent lights buzzing overhead like they were mocking me. My hands were shaking so badly I nearly dropped my key again as I set it on the sink.

When I finally sat down, the release came instantly, forceful and unstoppable. The sound echoed in the tiled room, louder than I could stand. My face burned hotter with every second, from relief, yes, but also from the memory of Jordan, from the whole humiliating sequence of events that had led me here.

The pressure drained out of me in waves, leaving me lightheaded, almost dizzy. I closed my eyes and let my forehead tip forward into my hand, trying to breathe, trying to quiet the jumble of shame and sympathy spinning in my head.

By the time it ended, I felt wrung out, emptied in more ways than one. I flushed quickly, too aware of how the sound might carry, and washed my hands longer than necessary just to steady myself.

When I finally lifted my head in the mirror, my reflection looked rattled. My eyes were red, cheeks blotchy, and my dark hair was tangled. I almost didn’t recognize myself, just as I almost hadn’t recognized Jordan.

⸻

When I came back ten minutes later, she was gone. Her bed was stripped, mattress cover bundled awkwardly, and the air was thick with the acrid smell of pee.

Half an hour passed before she returned from the shower down the hall, her hair damp and clinging to her shoulders. She couldn’t quite meet my eyes. She lingered by her desk, towel in her hands, twisting it tighter and tighter until the fabric squeaked.

“It wasn’t supposed to… happen like that,” she said finally, her voice fragile, almost a whisper. “I didn’t know how much was enough. You said it made things feel better, and I thought… I don’t know… I thought maybe that was the trick, the thing I’d been missing all this time.”

She laughed nervously, but it cracked halfway through. “So I kept waiting. I kept drinking water and telling myself, not yet, not yet. By the time I actually started, I was… god, Vivian, I was literally pacing the room like a little kid. Dancing around, holding myself, the whole thing. I hadn’t felt that desperate in years. Over a decade, maybe.” She flushed, pressing her towel against her face for a moment as if to hide.

“But I wanted to be sure. I thought maybe if I pushed it, if I made myself really feel it, then maybe it would finally work and I’d cum so hard.”

There was such rawness in her words, so unlike the confident, golden Jordan I knew. For once she wasn’t the polished athlete or the girl everyone watched across the quad, she was just human, fumbling and embarrassed, chasing something she’d never been given.

I sat cross-legged on my bed, watching her twist the towel tighter, and then I smiled, soft enough to make her look up. “Jordan, you don’t have to go that far,” I said. “It doesn’t have to be… unbearable. For me, it’s just about a little extra pressure. Enough to heighten things, not to make it painful. You overdid it a bit I think.”

She groaned, dropping into her desk chair and covering her face with both hands. “So basically, I humiliated myself for nothing.”

“Not for nothing,” I said gently. “Now you know.”

Her fingers parted just enough for one eye to peek through. “And you’re not… totally disgusted with me?”

“Disgusted? No. Mortified for you, sure. But we’re close. We can laugh about it.”

And we did, slowly at first, then harder, until the tension in the room cracked. Jordan’s laugh was still shaky but it was real.

As we giggled though, I couldn’t help but sit there and wonder how much of the events that night were my fault.

*005*2025-09-25 15:04

Chapter 3: I Swear I Do It To Myself Too

Okay, I feel like these stories are painting me in a bad light. As I’ve mentioned, I have a small bladder, which means sometimes my shenanigans get the better of me too. Not long after the incident with my best friend Sabs, karma caught up to me.

It was Halloween of that same year, and Sabs and I had been invited to a party with our friend Maeve. I had met Maeve at trivia, but she had known Sabs first. She was a ginger, and much like me she shared Irish descent, except she was fully white. She was also totally body goals; tall, toned, the kind of woman who made leggings look like designer wear. Anyways, she invited us to a party her boyfriend’s best friend Troy was throwing, at a house he had just bought with his girlfriend on the outskirts of town.

When you are twenty-eight, Halloween parties become a gamble. Some friend groups treat them like a networking mixer, all wine glasses and polite conversation, while others go full keg-stand-and-beer-pong college mode. I find it exhausting to prepare for both options only to find out which one you’ve walked into when it’s too late to change.

You will recall I said Maeve is a ginger. It is also worth noting that Maeve is an even bigger nerd than me. I lean toward Lord of the Rings, video games, and fantasy novels, while she is deep into comics, superhero lore, anime, and cosplay culture. Her boyfriend Ethan is the same way, and he and Troy had decided to dress up as Batman and Robin. That meant Maeve convinced Sabs and me to complete the trio as the Gotham City Sirens; Harley Quinn, Poison Ivy, and Catwoman.

Now, I had no idea what that meant when she first pitched it. But I learned quickly that it was comic-book shorthand for kinky and sapphic. To quote Mean Girls, “Halloween is the one night a year when girls can dress like a total slut and no other girls can say anything about it.” Maeve leaned into it hard. Sabs was Harley Quinn, and she looked like Harley Quinn. You have probably seen Margot Robbie in the movies, with the tiny shorts, fishnets, a cropped baseball tee with “Daddy’s Lil Monster” splashed across it, and the blonde pigtails tipped in blue and pink. Now picture Sabs in that outfit, except instead of blonde pigtails, she had her natural glossy Ukrainian brunette hair, high ponytails brushing her shoulders. The dark hair somehow made it hotter, almost subversive, and she had the curves to make the shorts look sinful.

Maeve, of course, claimed Poison Ivy. With her red hair, she had no choice, and she went full-throttle. A leaf-covered corset that doubled as a bathing suit, bare legs dusted with glitter, green stockings clinging to her calves, and even fake vines wound up her arms. She looked like she had crawled out of a garden designed by burlesque fairies.

And me? I got stuck as Catwoman. And honestly, I wasn’t mad about it. I mean, black leather clings in all the right places, and my body is… well, let’s just say the universe handed me some cheat codes. I’ve got long legs that look even longer in a catsuit, skin so smooth and pale it catches light in a way I don’t deserve, and dark almond eyes that tilt just enough to give me that mysterious “don’t mess with me” look. Throw on a whip and a pair of heels, and I stop looking like Vivian-who-works-in-heritage and start looking like someone you’d cross the street to get a better look at.

———

Without missing a beat, Sabs had offered to host a little pre for us girls before the party.

Sabs lived on the west side of Redfield, in one of those old brick apartment buildings that looked like it used to house nuns or seamstresses in the 1920s. The hallways always smelled faintly of curry and fresh laundry, and her unit had Christmas lights strung around the ceiling year-round. That night, a paper skeleton dangled on the door, his grin wide enough to look manic.

Inside, Sabs had gone all out. A tray of sugar cookies sat cooling on the counter, each one iced in orange or black with shaky little bats and pumpkins piped in frosting. Beside them was a massive mason jar filled with a neon-orange liquid, the rim dusted in black sugar, plastic spiders floating lazily at the surface.

“Witches’ Brew,” she announced proudly as I stepped in. She wore leggings and a baggy hoodie still spattered with flour. “Vodka, Fanta, triple sec, and just enough lime juice to make us think it’s classy.”

I laughed, kissed her on the cheek, and grabbed a cookie before she could stop me. The thing was still warm, the frosting half-melted, and it tasted like childhood and impending regret.

Maeve arrived twenty minutes later, the front door banging against the wall as she barreled in. She looked like a sitcom character mid-crisis: hair frizzed from the October drizzle, cheeks flushed, arms piled high with bags from JoAnn’s, Party City, and what looked like a liquor store.

“Sorry sorry sorry,” she panted, dropping everything in a heap on the rug. “The wig store line was insane, then my tights ripped, then I couldn’t find parking…” She looked up and grinned at us like none of it mattered. “But we’re here, babes. And we are about to be iconic.”

I smiled, but privately I worried. Maeve and Sabs had a rhythm, an ease with each other that made me feel like the guest star in their long-running show. I loved them both, but I braced myself for the usual third-wheel pangs.

Sabs poured shots into plastic pumpkin cups. We raised them in a messy little toast. “To Gotham City!” Maeve cried, already in character, and we slammed them back. The cheap tequila burned down my throat, and I could tell my friends felt it too because they both winced and laughed in the same breath.

“Okay, costumes!” Maeve declared, clapping her hands.

What followed was the usual female ritual of pre-party transformation, except cranked to eleven. Clothes hit the floor without ceremony, and I suddenly had front-row seats to the goddess gallery.

Sabs peeled off her hoodie and leggings, leaving herself in just a lacy red bra and thong. She was built like an athlete who had decided halfway through training to become a pin-up model instead. Her breasts were firm and high, her stomach flat, her hips soft enough to make you want to hug her. The tiny triangle of dark hair between her legs felt like an intentional accent, a wink of confidence.

Maeve, meanwhile, stripped with a flair that suggested she’d done this for comic cons and costume contests more than once. Naked, she was pure statuesque power, with long limbs, pale skin dotted with freckles, and even a lush red bush that matched her hair exactly. Her nipples stood out pink against the whiteness of her breasts, and she didn’t flinch at being on display.

My inner monologue was basically wolf-whistling. Hot damn, I have beautiful friends. It wasn’t jealousy. Instead it was awe, a reminder that we were all just girls hyping each other up, bodies different but equally worthy.

Maeve grabbed her Poison Ivy corset from one of the bags and paused. “Vivian,” she said, tilting her head, “come pee with me before we squeeze into these death traps. Seriously. Once I’m laced into this thing, I’m not undoing it till 2 a.m.”

Heat climbed up my neck. I laughed it off, stammered something polite. The truth was I didn’t know Maeve well enough yet to let her watch me pee, and the thought of sitting exposed while she chattered beside me turned my stomach in a shy sort of way. “I’m good,” I said quickly.

She shrugged, unconcerned, and padded into the bathroom. A moment later, the pattering sound of her relieving herself echoed out with zero modesty, punctuated by a theatrical moan. “Ohhh, sweet freedom,” she groaned.

Sabs and I locked eyes and burst into giggles.

I wriggled into my own Catwoman suit while she laced up her shorts and stockings. It was like fighting a snake made of latex. By the time I zipped it up, my chest was hoisted and my hips hugged so tightly it felt like armor. I turned toward the mirror and gasped. For once, I didn’t just look good, I looked dangerous. My almond eyes seemed sharper under the cat ears, my waist narrower, my legs endless.

Then the thought hit me like a bucket of cold water: Maeve was right. If I need to pee later, I’m screwed.For one brief second, I almost regretted not following her to the bathroom, but pride and embarrassment kept me from admitting it.

By the time Maeve returned, leaf-covered and glowing, the three of us looked like a fever dream of Gotham City.

We pre-gamed with drinking games: Kings, flip cup, “Never Have I Ever.” The room filled with laughter and half-confessions.

“Never have I ever… sexted the wrong person,” Maeve said, smirking.

Sabs groaned and drank. “Shut up, that was one time.”

“Never have I ever… kissed someone at trivia night,” I teased, making Maeve raise her glass with a blush.

The night blurred in the way good nights do, as the buzz in my veins turned the lights into a soft glow. Somewhere between “Most Likely To” and another shot, I felt the tiniest pang low in my belly. A whisper from my bladder reminding me it existed. I pushed it aside. The night was too fun, the laughter too warm, to stop for something so trivial.

An hour later, flushed and tipsy, we piled into an Uber, a trio of Sirens heading toward chaos.

——

The Uber ride was the beginning of the struggle for my bladder. By the time we pulled up to Troy and Jaime’s place, the bouncing over potholes had shaken something loose in my bladder. I told myself it was fine, that I’d go as soon as I got inside.

The house was lit up like a jack-o’-lantern, spilling people in every direction. Everywhere I looked were costumes; angels with crooked halos, zombies with fake blood that still looked a little too real, a group of guys dressed as Mario Kart drivers with cardboard cars bouncing against their hips. I laughed and pointed them out to Sabs, but the laugh pressed sharp into my lower belly, and I had to cross my legs for a second when she wasn’t looking.

Ethan, Maeve’s boyfriend, found us almost instantly. He was Batman, obviously… the broad chest, the smug grin that didn’t fit the mask. He swept Maeve into his arms like she was some kind of comic book damsel, and I felt a flicker of envy that wasn’t entirely about romance. If I had someone, I’d probably be asking him to stand guard outside the bathroom line right about now.

Troy and Jaime swooped in next. Troy’s Robin tights left… very little to the imagination, while Jaime looked like Batgirl as drawn by someone with a latex fetish. When I asked her where the bathroom was, she gestured vaguely toward the clogged hallway and laughed.

“Good luck getting in,” she said, tugging at the seams of her own bodysuit. “Honestly, if I do make it in there, I may never get back out. Trapped forever.”

We both laughed, but inside I winced. The zipper on my Catwoman suit felt suddenly tighter.

⸻

Half an hour later, the four of us had ended up in the backyard, where the noise dulled into a warm blur and the air smelled like grass and cheap beer. Sabs and I found the old swing set, our bodies rocking back and forth, while Maeve and Ethan sprawled on the grass like they were in their own private world.

“I’m sooo drunk,” Sabs said, hair dangling almost to the dirt.

“Yeah, same,” I admitted, but what I didn’t admit was that every sway of the swing sloshed my bladder like a water balloon.

Maeve groaned, sitting up against Ethan’s chest. “I’m gonna have to pee soon. But there’s no way I’m fighting that bathroom line.”

“I’ll help you out of your costume,” Ethan offered with the kind of grin that belonged in a bad sitcom.

Maeve swatted him, but seconds later they were kissing, and then kissing turned into writhing, and then writhing turned into… yeah, I had to look away. My thighs pressed tighter together.

Sabs caught my eye and rolled hers. “Gross,” she muttered, pretending to gag.

I laughed, but the laugh felt dangerous, like it might trigger something I couldn’t control. My need had gone from background noise to a steady, gnawing ache, creeping up minute by minute until it was the only thing I could think about.

⸻

When Ethan’s hand slid under Maeve’s corset of leaves and Maeve let out a little moan as it got closer to the underside of her breasts, I cleared my throat loud enough to make them jump. Sabs took the cue.

“Alright,” she announced, standing with a wobble. “That’s our signal. I gotta pee anyway.”

She wandered toward the dark back corner of the yard, and I followed automatically, one hand pressed casually… too casually against my hip, trying not to look like I was seconds from bursting.

“I swear,” Sabs said as we walked, “sometimes I’m so jealous of Maeve. She’s got Ethan pawing at her like that all the time. Meanwhile, I’m just out here horny and bitter.”

I snorted, though it made me wince. “You’re ridiculous.”

“No, seriously. Ever since Brad and I broke up, I’ve just been… wound up. And tonight? Forget it.”

I sighed, partly from sympathy, partly from the sharp little pang below my stomach. “It’s been over three years for me. Before I even moved to Redfield. I think I’ve forgotten what regular satisfaction even feels like.”

“Three years?” She looked at me like I’d confessed to murder. “That’s criminal.”

I laughed, but it was thin, distracted. The pressure inside me was stealing my focus.

⸻

The back corner of the yard was darker, quieter. Sabs didn’t even hesitate. She yanked her fishnets and Harley Quinn shorts down, crouched low, and let go with a loud hiss that made me blush just hearing it. The sound of her stream hitting the dirt was obscene in the silence. Steam curled in the cold air.

“Oh my god,” she groaned, “this feels amazing.”

I couldn’t stop staring, cheeks hot, thighs pressed together so tight they ached. My body was screaming at me to follow her lead.

I grabbed at my zipper. Pulled once. Nothing. Pulled harder. Stuck.

“No, no, no, no,” I whispered, panic rising with the pressure in my bladder. One hand darted down between my legs, pressing hard, fingers digging into the seam of the catsuit. My body jolted, desperate for relief.

Sabs looked up, still peeing, and burst into laughter. “Are you serious right now?”

“It’s jammed!” I hissed through clenched teeth. I bent forward, thighs trembling, one finger slipping against myself in a way that was more survival than anything else. “I can’t… oh god, I’m gonna…”

She shook her head, giggling as her stream tapered off. She pulled her shorts back up like nothing had happened, while I squirmed in place, my whole body shivering with urgency.

“Want me to try?” she asked, smirking like she’d already guessed the answer.

“Yes! Please!” I gasped, fumbling to turn my back toward her. My hands were still wedged between my thighs, pressing as if I could hold the dam shut with sheer force.

Sabs tugged, twisted, even yanked hard enough that I thought she’d rip the whole thing in half, but the zipper didn’t budge.

“Nope,” she said finally. “It’s stuck. You’re screwed.”

I groaned, bouncing on my heels, both hands buried between my legs now. My heart was pounding with stress and regret. Why hadn’t I gone with Maeve earlier? Why had I let embarrassment win?

Now I was trapped, literally trapped in my own costume, with no way out.

I could barely stand still. My knees kept knocking together, hips swaying, every muscle in my body fighting to hold back the inevitable. Sabs was crouched behind me, tugging at the zipper like she was trying to start a lawnmower.

“Stop moving,” she hissed.

“I can’t stop moving!” I snapped, bouncing from one foot to the other, thighs pressed so tight I thought they’d fuse. “Oh my god, I can’t believe this is happening.”

“Okay, okay, just wait here,” she said, standing abruptly. “Don’t pee in the bushes, I’m gonna get pliers from the kitchen.”

Through my haze of panic, my heart melted a little. What kind of friend goes hunting for tools at a Halloween party just to save your bladder? Sabs might be chaotic, but she was my ride-or-die.

The second she disappeared, I caved. I slid down against the fence until I was crouched in the shadows, jamming both hands between my legs, kneading myself shamelessly. It was the only thing stopping me from exploding. My breaths came shallow and quick. Every throb inside me was unbearable, waves of hot desperation I couldn’t ignore.

I glanced around, terrified someone would see me squirming like this. But the yard had thinned out. The only other people back there were Maeve and Ethan, and they weren’t looking at me. From the rustle of leaves and the low, breathy sounds coming from their corner, it was obvious what they were doing behind that bush. Great. They were getting laid, and I was about to wet myself.

The back door creaked, and Sabs jogged toward me, holding pliers like a knight with a sword. “Alright,” she said, crouching down. “Hold still. We got this.”

She tried to catch the tiny metal pull with the pliers, muttering encouragement the whole time. “Almost… almost… just a sec…”

Then, with a loud snap, the zipper tab ripped clean off in her hand.

“Oh my god,” I gasped, panic flooding through me. “Oh my god, no! No no no no. I haven’t had to go this bad in years, Sabs. I can’t… I can’t do this.”

Her eyes widened, then softened. She put a hand on my shoulder. “Viv, play it cool. Just go inside, find a bathroom. I’ll grab some oil from the kitchen, and we’ll grease it up. No one’s gonna know.”

Easy for her to say.

⸻

Walking back inside was torture. I couldn’t stop imagining every single person clocking me instantly. There she is, Catwoman, bladder about to explode. Look at her walk, she’s dying for a piss. I felt like I had a neon sign over my head flashing ABOUT TO BURST.

The bathroom line stretched down the hall. My stomach dropped. I tried to stand normal, but a little dance kept escaping; bending one knee, bouncing the other, my heel tapping the floor like a drumbeat.

A girl dressed as a witch, big hat and sparkly green makeup, noticed. She gave me a kind smile.

“Hey, I’m Nicole,” she said, with a sympathetic smile and a giggle. “You look like you’re gonna die. Just go ahead of me.”

Bless her soul. “Thank you! Seriously, thank you,” I whispered, nearly crying right there.

⸻

Five agonizing minutes later, I was finally at the door. I slipped inside, locked it, and practically collapsed onto the toilet lid. Both my hands clamped between my thighs, squeezing so hard my knuckles ached. I rocked back and forth, eyes stinging with tears. I’m not gonna make it. I can’t believe this is how it ends.

There was a knock. “Viv?”

“Sabs?”

The door cracked open, and she slid in with a bottle of olive oil. I wanted to laugh at the absurdity, but instead a choked sob slipped out.

“I can’t hold it,” I whispered, voice breaking. “I’m gonna have an accident.”

She knelt behind me again, drizzling oil along the zipper, working her fingers furiously. “Shh. Breathe. You’re okay. We’re so close.”

But the zipper didn’t budge. My tears spilled over, hot streaks on my cheeks.

Then my phone buzzed, ringing. It was Maeve. I fumbled, answered and croaked into it, “Please come upstairs. Please. We need you.”

Two minutes later, there was a sharp knock, and Maeve slipped in, hair mussed, leaves from her Poison Ivy corset tangled in her curls.

“People are pissed out there,” she whispered urgently. “They think you’re, like, puking or something. What’s going on?”

I turned toward her, eyes brimming, both hands still wedged desperately between my legs. “I’m stuck,” I admitted, voice breaking. “I have to pee so bad, and I can’t get this thing off.”

Maeve froze, her eyes widening as the situation registered. “Wait, you’re serious?”

“Dead serious,” Sabs muttered, still working at the zipper. “She’s seconds away from Niagara Falls in here.”

Maeve’s jaw dropped.

She leaned against the sink, arms crossed, eyes glittering like she’d just discovered a new trivia rabbit hole. “Okay but, like… has Catwoman ever dealt with this in the comics? I’m trying to remember if Selina Kyle ever got stuck in her own suit.”

I blinked at her, thighs clamped together so tight they hurt. “Maeve,” I hissed, “this is not the time.”

“No but think about it!” she pressed on, warming up. “She does all this acrobatic stuff, sneaking around rooftops in skin-tight leather. Like, statistically, she must have needed to pee while casing a museum, right? What does she do? Does she just—hold it for eight hours? Or does she have some kind of zipper upgrade from Batman’s tech lab? Maybe she has emergency breakaway seams!”

Sabs shot her a look so sharp it could’ve cut glass. “Maeve. Shut. Up.”

But Maeve was grinning, totally unfazed. “I’m just saying, this is canon material. I bet there’s a fan forum where someone’s already mapped out Catwoman’s bathroom strategy. Honestly, I could write a paper on this…”

“Maeve!” I snapped, rocking on the toilet lid, both hands buried in my crotch. “If you don’t stop, I’m going to add you to this puddle!”

She held up her hands in surrender, still smirking. “Fine, fine. But you have to admit, if Selina Kyle were here, she’d have escaped this catsuit already.”

Sabs groaned. “Viv, when we’re done, I’m banning her from Comic Con forever.”

Maeve raised her palms, that crooked grin spreading across her face. “Okay, okay, I know I’m being annoying. I’m just trying to distract you, Viv. Lighten the mood a little. If I keep you laughing, maybe you won’t notice how bad you have to go. Comic book bathroom logic is all I’ve got right now.”

I made a teary eyed grimace in response.

Maeve bit her lip, pacing in the cramped bathroom like a general planning a doomed battle. Then she froze, snapped her fingers, and said, “Wait. I have an idea.”

I was hunched on the toilet lid, hands still pressed hard into my crotch, thighs trembling. “What idea?” I croaked, already suspicious.

“I could bring in Ethan,” she said, a little too casually.

My head snapped up. “Absolutely not! I don’t want some boy to see me like this.”

Maeve threw up her hands. “He has lube in his utility belt. We just, uh, used it. Out in the bushes.” Her face flushed crimson as she said it.

Sabs groaned, rolling her eyes so hard I thought they might fall out. “Oh my god, yeah, we know. You weren’t exactly subtle.”

“Still!” I whined, nearly doubled over. “I’m not letting Batman in here to watch me wet myself.”

“Viv,” Maeve said gently, “this is the only shot. Do you want out of that catsuit, or not?”

I clenched my jaw, a sharp spasm rolling through my bladder. My body answered for me. “Fine,” I whispered. “Go get him. But fast.”

⸻

Two excruciating minutes later, there was another knock, and Ethan slipped inside. He looked awkward, hunched in the doorway, clearly not sure what he was walking into.

From his belt, he pulled out a small travel-sized tube, waving it with a smirk. “Batman always saves the day,” he quipped.

Both Sabs and Maeve punched him in the arm at the exact same time. “Shut up,” they snapped.

I whimpered suddenly. A hot spurt escaped me, soaking into the gusset of my black lace panties. I shoved my hands tighter against myself, cheeks blazing. “I can’t…” I gasped.

Sabs crouched in front of me, snatched the lube out of Ethan’s hand, and began working it carefully along the stubborn zipper. “We got you, Viv. Just hang on.”

The lube made the zipper teeth slick, and her fingers worked carefully, coaxing the metal teeth. But my body wasn’t waiting. Another leak pushed out, louder this time, a wet squelch against the inside of the bodysuit.

The sound made everyone freeze. Maeve’s mouth fell open, Ethan looked away quickly, and Sabs’s eyes flicked up to mine with deep concern.

“Viv…” she whispered.

I shook my head frantically, rocking back and forth. “I’m trying, I’m trying.”

But the zipper started to move. Slowly, mercifully, it eased down past my chest, splitting the tight black leather and exposing the lace of my bra. My cleavage spilled forward, the cool air kissing my damp skin. Then, at last, my belly button peeked out.

“Hurry,” I begged, tears streaking my cheeks. “Please, Sabs, I can’t hold it.”

Sabs glanced back at Ethan. “Get out,” she snapped.

I didn’t care about dignity anymore. “No!” I shouted. “Leave him, I don’t care if he sees everything! I just need OUT.”

I clawed at the latex myself, tugging and wriggling, until the whole suit was bunched painfully around my hips. My thighs were shaking, my knees knocking. I looked insane; half-nude, bra on display, latex rolled to my waist as I pee-danced like a five-year-old about to burst.

Maeve, flustered, finally pushed Ethan toward the door. He cracked it open to slip out, and in that split second, the entire hallway got a glimpse. Nicole, the witch who had let me cut the line, was right there, her eyes widening in horror and sympathy. Behind her, other partygoers craned their necks to see Catwoman in full meltdown.

That was the exact moment my body gave up.

It started as a hiss, then a rush. Hot liquid poured into my panties, flooding them instantly, before spilling down the insides of my thighs. The latex clung and funneled the flow until it burst free in glistening rivulets, splattering onto the tile. The sound was deafening in the small bathroom, like someone had upended a pitcher of water right there.

I gasped, mortified, tears welling, as the puddle spread across the floor. It felt unbearable: the release, the heat, the shame, all colliding at once. Every nerve screamed with humiliation, even as my body sighed in relief.

The hallway erupted in whispers and muffled laughter. My worst nightmare had just been broadcast live.

Sabs, bless her heart, didn’t flinch. She didn’t laugh, didn’t scold. She slammed the bathroom door shut, cutting off the gawking faces outside. Then she knelt beside me, one arm wrapping tight around my shoulders as I sobbed.

“Hey,” she murmured. “It’s okay. You’re okay. Accidents happen. You’ll laugh about this one day, like we do about the Scavenger Hunt after my breakup with Brad.”

I shook my head, still shaking, still peeing helplessly into the puddle at our feet. “No I won’t,” I whispered.

“Yes you will,” she said firmly. “Because I’ll remind you. And because I’ll be right here with you until it’s just another ridiculous Vivian story.”

And in that moment, soaked, humiliated, and ruined in front of half the party, I believed her.

So yeah. That was the Halloween party. I’d like to tell you I escaped with my dignity intact, but the truth is I left Jaime’s bathroom barefoot, with Sabs half-carrying me and Maeve loudly promising that next year she’d make us dress as Jedi so we could “pee freely, robes and all.” Nicole even gave me a sympathetic pat on the back when I passed her in the hall, which was somehow worse than laughter.

The irony isn’t lost on me. After all my moments leading friends to accidents, karma circled right back and smacked me square in the bladder. Maybe that’s what friendship really is, taking turns embarrassing yourself so the universe keeps things balanced.

And if these stories do paint me in a bad light, fine. They’re not wrong. I’m Vivian Brooks. I have a small bladder, a taste for chaos, and apparently a knack for turning every night out into a mess that my friends will never let me live down.

*007*2025-10-09 21:22

This chapter grew in the telling. There is a lot of non-omo setup before the story begins. If you like that stuff, woohoo!

If not, you have been warned.

Chapter 4: Blinded by a Crush

You may remember my friend Gemma, the one I used to smoke weed with on the bleachers, back when I accidentally walked in on my roommate Jordan that one time. Gemma had been in my life since first year, and by senior year we had carved out a sacred little Thursday ritual: meet behind the football field, spark up, and watch the world spin slower for a while.

Now, I’ve always been someone who struggles with conflict. My therapist calls it “avoidant tendencies,” but I just call it “choosing peace.” Which is why, for two full years, I completely ignored the fact that Gemma very obviously had a crush on me. And in a cocky way, I didn’t even blame her. I mean, look at me. I’m a gorgeous girl of mixed Irish-American and Korean descent; my dad’s jawline, my mom’s perfect skin, long legs I pretend to downplay but secretly adore. Sometimes I love the attention. Anyone who says otherwise is lying.

Here’s the thing though: I’m straight. Straight as fuck. No wiggle room, no “curious” phase, no “it just happened that one time at camp.” And that made Gemma’s crush this… awkward little elephant in the room. Sometimes it annoyed the hell out of me, like when I’d squat behind the bleachers to pee after too many iced coffees, and I’d catch her sneaking glances at my ass. But other times? Well, I’d be lying if I said it didn’t feel good when she replied to my Instagram stories, telling me my eyeliner was flawless or that my post-gym mirror selfie made me look like a Marvel heroine.

That was Gemma. Annoying and flattering in equal measure. And this story is about the one night when that balance tipped, when her crush collided head-on with my chaos, and, surprise surprise, badders got involved too.

Gemma has always been a fairly consistent person. Three years ago, she had consistently been slouched into her lecture hall seat, linen pants wrinkled, crop top hanging loose without a bra, hair radiating the unmistakable smell of last night’s smoke. She’d had this slacker energy that should’ve been off-putting, but instead came off… magnetic. She was a stoner philosopher, forever tossing out strange little half-truths like “Time’s just capitalism’s leash” or “Hot Cheetos taste better when you don’t own anything valuable.” She made boredom feel less heavy.

Fast forward to now, and honestly, not much had changed, except she’d somehow grown into that messiness in a way that looked intentional, curated even. Her clothes were still wrinkled, but now they were thrift-store chic. Band tees with ironic holes. Cardigans that smelled faintly of weed and sandalwood. Her crop tops still braless, though now she leaned into it like a brand. She was a full-on walking vibe, and she knew it.

Her body was wiry, but not frail. She had soft muscle under pale skin, with that kind of stoner posture where she was never fully standing up straight, like the world was too heavy to carry on her spine. Her hair was long, dark auburn, wilder than she let on, always tumbling out of a loose bun or claw clip halfway through the night. Her face was sharp, with this crooked smile that made her look perpetually high even when she wasn’t.

And those eyes. Hazel, sometimes green, sometimes brown, depending on the light. They had this way of locking onto you like you were the most fascinating thing in the world. I’ll admit, it made me squirm sometimes, especially when I caught her looking at me like that while I was doing something mundane, like rolling up my sleeves or tying my shoes.

She wasn’t glamorous like Maeve, or magnetic in the obvious way that Sabs could be. Gemma was subtler. She had this energy that sucked you in, a mix of lazy charm and sharp wit, like she was constantly testing whether you were sharp enough to keep up. And honestly? Sometimes, I wasn’t sure I was.

That was Gemma now, three years later. Still wrinkled, still smoky, still weirdly captivating. And still, always, watching me a little too closely.

I didn’t see Gemma often anymore, not like back in school when we’d get high on the bleachers every Thursday like clockwork. Now, she only drifted through Redfield when her band was touring. They called themselves Raccoon City, a name that always made me laugh, though I never told her I associated it more with the video game than with indie credibility. Still, they had something real going. They weren’t mainstream, but they had a cult following: sticky-floor bars in Boston, dingy basements in Providence, tiny but sold-out venues in Philly. Enough to keep the van full of gas and the fridge stocked with cheap beer. Enough for her to live off of, which was more than I could say about my sensible city salary and my slowly accruing 401k.

Every time they came through town, I made an event out of it. I dragged Sabs, sometimes Maeve, and once even poor Jordan before she transferred, to sweaty, crowded bars with bad ventilation. And every time, no matter who she was dating at the time, no matter how many tattoos her girlfriends had, or how many girls in the crowd practically melted when she looked their way, Gemma still eye-fucked me from the stage. It was unshakable, the way her gaze always slid over the crowd and landed on me like I was her anchor. It was flattering. It was maddening. And it was dangerous.

This time was different though. Two weeks after the Halloween party, when I’d humiliated myself so badly I could barely walk past the bathroom mirror without cringing, I got a text from Gemma. She asked if she could crash on my couch for the weekend. Her band was playing Friday and Saturday night, and the promoter hadn’t booked them a hotel.

Never one to leave a friend in need, I said yes immediately. But I also knew the subtext. She and Allie, her girlfriend, the fiery redhead who could shred a bassline like she was born with calluses, had broken up about a month prior. Apparently, they’d both cheated within the last year. Sad, sure. Predictable? Even more so. Gemma had always been disastrous in relationships, like her heart couldn’t sit still long enough to be owned.

Friday afternoon, I was at my desk, finishing up the last report of the week, when my shy colleague Lucy appeared at my cubicle. She was one of those wholesome girls who still lived in the bubble she grew up in, high school sweetheart, engagement-ring Pinterest boards, banana bread on the weekends. She was short, blonde, perpetually tucked into cardigans, and looked like she could faint if someone told a dirty joke too loud.

She leaned against the partition and asked, timidly, “So… any fun weekend plans?”

I told her about the show, about Gemma and Raccoon City, expecting polite nodding. Instead, to my surprise, Lucy’s eyes lit up. “That actually sounds fun,” she said. When I told her she should come, I didn’t think she’d take me seriously. But five minutes later, I was walking her through the janky online ticket portal, and she promised she’d meet me at the bar by eight.

By the time I got home at six, I was still buzzing from that little surprise. I threw together a quick dinner. It was nothing fancy, just pasta and a jarred sauce and I was still rinsing the pan when the doorbell rang.

I opened it to find Gemma on my stoop, exactly the picture of her own brand of chaos. Tonight’s fit was classic stage-Gemma: ripped fishnets under cutoff denim shorts, black combat boots scuffed to hell, and a threadbare Joy Division tee tied in a knot above her navel. A leather jacket with safety pins clung to her shoulders, and a single thick eyeliner wing dragged her hazel eyes into something feral. Her hair was down, a mass of auburn waves that looked half-brushed at best. She smelled faintly of clove cigarettes and patchouli, a combination that would’ve been unbearable on anyone else but felt so her it made me want to roll my eyes.

She grinned when she saw me. “Viv, you look way too clean to be going to a dive bar.”

And then she hugged me. Long. Too long. Her arms looped tight, her chest pressing against mine, her hair tickling my cheek. And then, just for a second, just long enough for me to register it, her hand slid lower than it should have. A grazing touch near my ass.

I don’t know what came over me. Maybe it was the dry spell (nine months, not that I was counting), maybe it was the guilt I still carried from Halloween, maybe it was just that cruel little streak that liked to poke at people’s weaknesses. But instead of pulling away, I did the opposite. I let my own hand wander, fingertips brushing over the curve of her ass before I pulled back.

The surprise in her eyes was delicious. Wide, flickering between hunger and disbelief, like I’d just kicked the legs out from under her.

I wasn’t proud of myself. I’d told you, I am not always a good person. But sometimes it felt too easy, too tempting, to take advantage of Gemma’s obvious weakness for me. And tonight, I was in the mood to be a little bit of a bother.

I tossed her bag by the door, Gemma still watching me with that sly little half-smile she got whenever she thought she had me off-balance. I wasn’t about to give her the satisfaction. So instead of shuffling nervously off to my room to change, I decided to flip the script.

“Make yourself at home,” I called over my shoulder, already peeling off my work blouse. I left my bedroom door wide open, the faint reflection from my mirror letting me track her from the couch. Sure enough, she didn’t even try to be subtle. Every time she thought I wasn’t looking, her eyes slid toward me, tracing down my back, pausing at my waist as I shimmied out of my skirt.

I stood there in nothing but a lace bra and panties, catching a glimpse of myself in the mirror. And God, I’ll say it, I looked good. Long legs smooth and toned, the faint curve of my hips dipping into a waist that I knew how to emphasize, my breasts cupped neatly in black lace that was more “practical pretty” than outright lingerie but still did the job. My skin had that glow my mom’s Korean genes always gave me, warm and luminous under even the worst lighting. I tilted a little, admiring the slope of my ass and the way it caught the light.

From the living room came the sound of Gemma pretending to scroll on her phone. She wasn’t fooling anyone. Her gaze burned through the reflection every time I bent or adjusted. I felt a wicked little thrill knowing I was winding her up, then, just as the tension stretched thin, I slammed the bedroom door shut with a soft laugh under my breath. Push, pull. Always.

For the show, I pulled on a cropped leather jacket, a fitted red tank that hugged just enough without looking try-hard, and high-waisted black jeans that made my legs look a mile long. Black ankle boots, hoops, and a slash of red lipstick, because if I was going to stand in a crowded bar surrounded by twenty-something scenesters, I wanted to remind them I wasn’t there to blend in.

By the time I stepped back out, Gemma had sprawled on my couch like she owned it, one leg thrown over the other, boots still on, smirk already in place. She gave me a slow once-over. “You’re trying too hard.”

“Funny,” I shot back, grabbing my purse. “That’s exactly what I was about to say to you.”

She laughed, low and sharp, but I could see the way her eyes lingered. That was the pull.

Sabs, of course, couldn’t make it. She’d texted earlier with about twelve crying emojis, explaining she’d been roped into a double date with Maeve, Ethan, and one of Ethan’s college buddies who was “definitely not” a setup. I told her she was a coward. She told me I was going to regret leaving her to miss the chaos. She was probably right.

Gemma and I pregamed with the dregs of a bottle of tequila I had stashed away, pouring quick shots into mismatched glasses. It didn’t take long for the old rhythm to come back; the teasing, the side comments, the heat that always buzzed between us like a live wire we pretended not to touch.

By the time we made it to the bar, the place was packed. Lucy was already waiting by the entrance, blonde hair tucked behind her ears, wrapped in a simple black turtleneck dress that skimmed just above her knees. It wasn’t flashy, but it made her look polished, like the kind of girl you take home to meet your parents, not the kind you drag out of a mosh pit.

Her eyes lit up when she saw me. “Vivian!” she beamed, and then her gaze slid toward Gemma. “Oh my God. You’re Gemma Blake. I can’t believe I’m actually meeting you.”

Gemma arched an eyebrow, clearly amused. “Blake, huh? You a fan?”

Lucy flushed, stumbling over her words. “I’ve listened to Raccoon City since sophomore year. Your lyrics… like, they got me through so much.” She tucked a strand of hair behind her ear, practically glowing.

Gemma softened just a little, the edge of her smirk turning genuine. “That’s sweet,” she said, voice lower than it needed to be. She always did that when she wanted to pull someone in.

I stood between them, watching Lucy fan-girl, watching Gemma bask in it, and I couldn’t help but laugh. The push-pull wasn’t just mine anymore.

But then, right as Lucy was mid-sentence about her favorite track, one of the venue managers hustled up, calling Gemma’s name. She groaned under her breath, muttering, “Shit. I forgot to pee before soundcheck. Now I don’t have time.”

Lucy leaned closer to me, whispering like it was a scandal. “Honestly… I need to go too.”

The opening chords of the band’s intro music vibrated through the walls. I gave her hand a light squeeze and whispered back, “Wait. Just hold it. The show’s starting.”

And with that, the lights dimmed, the crowd roared, and I felt the whole night teetering on the edge of trouble.

The lights cut, a rush of bass thudded through the floorboards, and then Gemma stepped into the glow.

God, she had stage presence. Not in the glamorous pop-star sense, but in that raw, magnetic way that made people lean forward without realizing they were doing it. She slung her guitar over her shoulder, hair tumbling into her face, linen-shirt sleeves rolled to her elbows. The first chord ripped from her amp and the whole room seemed to bend toward her.

That was Gemma. Slouched and smirking off-stage, larger than life once the spotlight hit. She wasn’t just performing; she was commanding. Even the kids who probably only came for the cheap beer suddenly had their eyes locked on her, like she’d flicked a switch inside them.

But because I knew her, I noticed the cracks. The subtle stiff way she shifted her weight between songs. The extra-tight way she pressed her thighs together while tuning. The little grimace she tried to pass off as a grin whenever the crowd shouted her name. She was playing her heart out but underneath the reverb and the raw vocals, I could see it: she had to pee. Bad.

Beside me, Lucy was having the time of her life. She was pure, undiluted joy in that snug black turtleneck dress, her blonde hair bouncing as she danced. She wasn’t trying to look hot or angling for attention, she just felt the music and let it move her. A kind of innocence I hadn’t seen in years.

She tugged on my arm during the second song, half-laughing, half-wincing. “Viv, I swear I’m not gonna make it to the end of the set. I really have to pee.”

I rolled my eyes, leaning down so she could hear me over the amps. “It’s been like twenty minutes. You’re fine. Hold it.”

She pouted before spinning back into the music, twirling like the floor was hers alone. Cute, but god, a little too whiny for someone who’d barely been holding it an hour.

Two songs later, same story. She clutched my arm again, whispered urgently, “Vivian. Seriously. I need to go so bad.”

I gave her a flat look, sipping my beer. “Then go. But if you miss the bridge on this one, that’s on you. It’s their best song.”

Lucy groaned, bouncing lightly on her toes, but stayed put.

Meanwhile, Gemma was tearing through her solo like the guitar was an extension of her spine, sweat glistening on her forehead. The crowd was eating it up, screaming her name. She gave them her trademark half-smile but even then, I saw the way her knees rubbed together when she thought no one was watching.

One of my oldest friends, holding it in front of a hundred people. One of my newest, whining at my side in her little black dress.

And me? Nursing a beer, half-thrilled, half-exasperated, and slightly… the tiniest amount… wondering what it would be like to kiss a girl.

——-

An hour later, the finale was electric. Gemma shredded her guitar like she was ripping her heart right out of her chest, every note bending the crowd into chaos. Sweat plastered her hair to her face, her jaw clenched tight as she leaned into the mic for one last growl of a lyric. The bar practically shook with applause when she struck her final chord, letting it reverberate through the amps.

And then, she bolted. No banter, no bow. Just a quick half-wave before sprinting offstage, thighs pressed close, leaving the band to soak up the cheers. If the crowd noticed how fast she ran, they only chalked it up to rockstar mystique. But I knew better. She was seconds away from bursting.

Beside me, Lucy was practically in the same state only she wasn’t hiding it behind an electric guitar. For the last twenty minutes, she’d been grabbing herself when she thought I wasn’t watching, bouncing on her toes in that little black turtleneck dress, her blonde hair falling into her flushed face. It was innocent, almost childish, how little control she had over her body. And a bit adorable, in a weird way.

The second the lights came up, Lucy gasped, “Okay, I have to pee, like right now.” and turned toward the crowd to make a break for the bathrooms.

I snagged her wrist. “Hold up. The bathroom line’s gonna be insane right now. But if we go backstage? You’ll skip it. Plus, you can meet the band.”

Her eyes widened, torn between her bladder and her inner fangirl. She whimpered, “Viv… I’m not kidding, I’m about to pee myself” She lowered her voice. “This is why I normally wear diapers to concerts. My bladder’s tiny.”

I barked out a laugh, covering my mouth with my hand. “Wait, what?”

She giggled nervously, cheeks red, and I couldn’t stop laughing either. “Lucy, oh my god. You can’t just drop that on me.”

We were still cracking up when we slipped past security into the back hallway, laughter mixing with her little squeaky gasps every time she shifted her weight wrong.

Backstage was its own world: amps unplugged, cables snaking across the floor, band members milling around with beers in hand. And there was Gemma, cornered by a wiry man with a notepad; a reporter, rapid-firing questions while Gemma bounced subtly from foot to foot, jaw tight, thighs glued together under her ripped jeans. She looked like she was living her worst nightmare, forced into an interview when her body was screaming for a toilet.

Lucy squealed softly when she spotted the drummer, Phil, then the bassist, Todd. She darted ahead, gushing over every member of Raccoon City like she’d been waiting her whole life for this. They humored her sweetly, and she absolutely glowed.

I didn’t even bother with small talk. I made a beeline for Gemma. She saw me coming and tried to smile, but her shoulders stiffened when I wrapped her in a hug. The reporter backed away.

“Careful,” she hissed in my ear, tensing against me. “I seriously have to pee, Viv. Don’t squeeze me.”

I pulled back with a grin. “Same here. Come on, let’s go before one of us makes a scene.”

We made sure Lucy was too distracted to notice us slipping away, then ducked into the dim hallway leading to the bathrooms. Gemma leaned against the wall, exhaling hard, her hand hovering near the waistband of her jeans like she was seconds from grabbing herself.

I smirked. “You were staring at me all night from the stage. Thought I wouldn’t notice?”

She shot me a look, sharp and hungry, and then softened. “You’ve been looking… really good lately, Viv. Like, ridiculously good.”

Something reckless took over me then. Maybe it was the beer, maybe the adrenaline of the show, maybe the way her voice dropped when she said it. Either way, the second we pushed into the bathroom, I shoved her back against the door and kissed her.

She stumbled, her head thunking the wood with an “Ow,” but then her mouth was on mine, furious, desperate, her hands fisting in my hair.

Between kisses, she gasped, “Do you know… how long I’ve wanted this?”

I grinned against her lips. “Probably too long. This is a one-time thing, Gem. Curiosity got to me. Had to know.”

Her laugh was ragged, breathless. “That’s fine by me.” She fumbled for the buttons of my black high-waisted jeans, but I caught her wrist, pressing it against the door.

“Not here. Not now. Save it for later. Let’s see how the night goes.”

I laced my fingers with hers and tugged her back out into the hall.

It wasn’t until we rejoined Lucy, who was still glowing and starry-eyed with the bassist, that I realized it. Neither of us had peed.

I glanced sideways at Gemma. She was trying so hard to look cool, sipping a beer like her bladder wasn’t on the edge of catastrophe. But I could tell. She was still dying for the toilet, probably even more now that I’d kissed her.

Lucy practically bounced when she saw us. “You guys!” she squealed. “We’ve been invited to the afterparty!”

Phil appeared behind her, jangling his keys. “But we gotta roll. Ubers are out front right now.”

I caught Gemma’s eye. She gave me a tight smile, her leg twitching as she shifted her weight. If she was going to survive a ride to the afterparty in her state, it was going to be one hell of a gamble.

Five minutes later, we were crammed into the back of an Uber, squeezed in like sardines, knees knocking. I was wedged in the middle between Gemma on my left and Lucy on my right. Both of them radiated desperation. You didn’t need to be psychic to feel it; you could practically hear it in the way they shifted and squirmed, the subtle rustling of fabric and the hitch in their breathing.

Gemma was trying her damnedest to keep it together. She leaned her elbow on the door, chin in her hand, staring out the window like she was chill, like she wasn’t about to explode. But the slight jiggle of her leg gave her away, a restless tremor that never stopped. Every once in a while, her fingers pressed against her thigh like she wanted so badly to just grab herself, but couldn’t, not with me right there.

Lucy, though? She didn’t have Gemma’s pride. She was a full-on pee dance in miniature. Her short little legs crossed and uncrossed, she fidgeted with the hem of her dress, and every few minutes she’d just straight-up hold herself. She tried to be discreet, but it was obvious, her face pink with embarrassment. When the car hit a bump, she gasped and buried her face in her hands for a second before whispering, “Ohmygodohmygod.”

I had Todd in the front seat for distraction. The bassist leaned back, easygoing, chatting like we weren’t a disaster brewing in the back.

“So what’s this afterparty gonna be like?” I asked him, forcing myself to sound casual, my eyes flicking between my two friends squirming on either side.

He grinned, his voice smooth with that post-show buzz. “Pretty standard. It’s at this loft some friends of ours are renting. Music, booze, couches, too many people crammed in one space. Honestly? It’s chaos. But fun chaos. You’ll like it.”

I nodded along, trying to keep the conversation alive. Lucy half-smiled but didn’t answer, too busy pressing her thighs together. Gemma gave a low “Cool,” like she was still cool, like her bladder wasn’t screaming at her with every passing block.

And in the middle of it, I started to feel bad. Really bad.

I was the reason Gemma hadn’t gone before the show, hell, I’d distracted her in the bathroom, kissing her instead of letting her pee. She’d been my friend for years, through college and after, and now she was sitting here suffering because of me. Would she still like me after this? Would she look at me and see someone who just made her night harder?

And Lucy, sweet, innocent Lucy. She should’ve been safe in the bathroom before the show, but no, I had dragged her backstage with promises of meeting the band. I’d stolen her chance to go, and now she was clutching her thighs like a little kid. She was my one shot at having a real friend at work, someone to make the days feel less isolating. Had I ruined that too?

The Uber dragged on, fifteen long minutes. Each red light felt like an hour. Gemma shifted beside me, finally letting her hand slip between her knees, pretending like it was nothing. Lucy was worse; she was whispering little pep talks to herself, eyes closed, rocking slightly like she could will herself dry. My thighs were burning just being next to them, soaking in their anxious energy.

When the driver finally pulled up outside the loft, it was like a dam breaking. Gemma yanked the door open, muttering “Thanks” to the driver, and Lucy nearly tripped over her in her rush to get out. Both of them stumbled onto the sidewalk, legs pressed together, trying not to show just how close to disaster they were.

Gemma leaned against the wall, fists balled, her jaw tight. Her eyeliner was smudged from sweat, hair wild from the show, and she still looked effortlessly cool even while desperate. Lucy, though, was a mess: bent knees, hands hovering dangerously close to her crotch, biting her lip so hard I thought it might bleed.

Gemma was every inch the version of her I’d seen under colored lights and sweaty spotlights. Ripped fishnets mapped the length of her legs under frayed denim shorts, her combat boots stomping against the pavement like she was trying to keep a rhythm going just to distract herself. The old Joy Division tee, knotted above her navel, teased a pale strip of stomach, and the leather jacket with its safety pins hung stubbornly to her shoulders. Her eyeliner wings dragged her hazel eyes sharp but the longer I looked, the more I saw the edges fraying. Her thighs pressed closer together than she meant them to, her foot tapped like a metronome gone haywire, and her auburn waves clung damp to her temples. She wanted to smolder, but her bladder was winning.

Lucy was just as striking in a completely different way. Her little black turtleneck dress hugged her curves in that wholesome-but-deadly kind of way, simple lines making her look like she’d stepped out of some art student’s sketchbook. She’d started the night so put-together, her blonde hair curled soft around her shoulders, but now it was loosening, tumbling messier every time she bent at the waist with a panicked gasp. Her short frame was all tension: thighs pressed, knees knocking, hands betraying her as they hovered near her hemline, sometimes outright grabbing when she thought no one could see. The dress, sleek and modest at first, was now riding high from her squirming, making her look both innocent and exposed at once. Her little whimpers only sealed it; sweet, flustered Lucy was looking like a girl about to burst.

She darted toward the side alley like she’d just decided she couldn’t wait another second, then stopped dead, seeing the cloud of cigarette smoke and half a dozen strangers lingering in the shadows. She spun back, panicked.

“I can’t do it! I’ve never…” she stammered, rushing back to me. “I’ve never peed outside.”

I almost laughed, but her wide eyes were too earnest, her voice too shaky. She was serious. She really couldn’t.

So we all hurried inside, Todd leading the way through the door and up a set of creaky stairs. The loft was already thumping with bass, crowded with bodies, the air sticky with heat and booze. Someone shoved a beer in my hand as we passed, and people swarmed Gemma, calling her name, congratulating her on the set. She smiled thinly, nodded, but I could tell it was costing her everything just to stand there.

Todd pointed us toward the bathroom, and my stomach dropped. The line snaked down the hall. At least twenty people deep. No way they’d make it.

Gemma’s eyes met mine, and without a word, we both decided. We slipped away, down another hall, away from the crowd. Lucy trailed behind, whimpering.

Once we were alone in the quieter corner, Lucy leaned close to me, voice tiny. “Viv… are you and Gemma… like… lesbian lovers?”

I froze. My face burned, my chest squeezed. I stammered, “What? No! I mean, we’re not… I…”

She giggled nervously, bouncing on her toes, her hands shoved tight between her thighs. “You just seem… really close.”

I turned away, flustered, heat crawling up my neck. Maybe she wasn’t entirely wrong. But the thought clawed at me: should I even let my curiosity win out with Gemma tonight? Should I give in to that tension we’d been playing with, knowing how badly it could end?

Around us, the afterparty was hitting full swing. Music blared, voices rose, laughter echoed through the loft. And there I was. stuck in the middle of it all, Gemma still trying to play it cool but clearly seconds away from bursting, Lucy getting clingier and tipsier by the second, and me caught between guilt, temptation, and the chaos of my own bad decisions.

I had been flirting with Gemma without really meaning to, though part of me wanted to see what would happen. She noticed every brush of my hand, every glance, every half-smile. She was tough and cool, but I could feel the tension under her skin. She was desperate for the bathroom, I could tell, but she would not go. Not now. Not when she thought slipping away might mean losing my attention. That fear radiated off her. It made me guilty and a little powerful at the same time.

Lucy was the opposite. She was childish about her need, fidgeting beside us, pulling at her little black dress, asking in a tiny voice if we could go with her to the bathroom. She wanted to stand in line together, as if waiting would be easier if it was a group project.

“Lucy, just go on your own,” I told her, not unkindly but firm.

She shook her head instantly. “No. I can wait until you’re ready.” Her big eyes blinked at me, and I realized she really meant it.

I asked Gemma quietly if she wanted to go. She shook her head and said she could wait five more minutes. “I want to talk to you first,” she added, her voice lower, more serious.

She grabbed my wrist and tugged me down the hall, Lucy trailing like a shadow, and pulled us into an empty bedroom. It smelled faintly of incense and dust. A queen-sized bed sagged under the weight of too many parties, and a dresser leaned against the far wall with its bottom drawer cracked slightly open. Strands of fairy lights framed a crooked poster, making the whole room glow with a kind of hushed intimacy.

Gemma stood in the center, hands shoved in the pockets of her leather jacket, shoulders hunched like she was bracing herself. She began to talk. Her confession came in waves. She told me she had a crush on me from first year in residence. She reminded me of our Thursday night smoke sessions, how they had gotten her through the boredom of university. She listed the times she had driven into town over the last three years, how each visit felt incomplete if she did not see me.

I blushed hard, my whole face heating up. Lucy stood at the dresser, wide-eyed, clearly not expecting any of this.

When Gemma finally said, outright, that she had wanted me for years, I panicked. “I do not feel the same way,” I said. “I am straight.” I was trying to keep it measured, but it came out clipped and defensive, as if I was saving face with Lucy watching.

Gemma flinched. Her mouth trembled. She leaned forward, eyes wet, and tried to kiss me. I pulled back and shook my head. “This is wrong, Gem,” I said quickly.

Lucy let out a tiny gasp, frozen in place.

Gemma’s eyes filled with tears. “You’ve been stringing me along. The looks, the teasing. You let me believe something was there.” Her voice cracked.

“I like the attention,” I admitted before I could stop myself. The words tasted bitter as soon as they left my mouth.

Lucy gasped again, louder this time, like a shocked schoolgirl.

“You’re a bitch,” Gemma whispered, and her whole body shook. I looked down instinctively and saw it: a dark bloom beginning at the crotch of her cut-off shorts. She was starting to pee herself. At first she did not even seem to notice. She kept talking, kept accusing me of playing with her feelings, of wasting years of her life, of not giving her the one night she had hoped for.

My heart broke for her. I started to cry too. “I’m sorry,” I said. “I liked the idea of being with you, but it won’t go anywhere. I’m not into girls, I was just curious today, and stupid, and horny, and it got the better of me.”

From beside us, Lucy stared at me like I had just confessed to murder. “Horny?” she repeated, as if the word itself offended her sensibilities. It might have been the funniest part of the night if it was not all so tragic.

I do not know what took over me, but I stepped forward and kissed Gemma. She kissed me back with years of pent-up longing. It was messy, needy, almost painful in its intensity. Lucy, flustered, tiptoed to the door, then thought better of it and closed it, staying in the room but turning her back shyly.

Gemma clung to me like she might fall apart. Her body shook against mine, and then she gasped. “Oh god,” she whimpered. A hot rush spread across her shorts, darkening the denim, spilling down the laddered fishnets. Pee streamed into her combat boots, soaking her socks, splattering onto the floorboards beneath us. Her face crumpled as tears slid down. She tried to hide, pressing her forehead to my shoulder, but her body betrayed her completely.

Lucy spun around, yelping. She had both hands jammed between her legs, white duck-print panties visible beneath her black dress. A wet spot the size of a coin had already appeared. “I can’t hold it,” she whimpered, hopping in place.

Then, in her desperation, she yanked her dress up, hooked her thumbs under her white cotton underwear, and pulled them down to her knees. Her bum was pale, round and soft, wobbling as she shuffled. As she turned, I could make out a blonde bush puffed out between her thighs, untrimmed and startling.

She looked around wildly, then yanked the bottom dresser drawer open and perched on it. The moment she sat, her body gave way. A torrent of pee crashed into the wood, splattering loudly, filling the room with the sharp hiss of her stream. It went on and on, the sound echoing obscenely in the small bedroom.

Gemma was still whimpering into my shoulder, wet and shaking, while Lucy sighed in pure relief, cheeks red with embarrassment. But her hands were wandering voraciously too, craving my very essence, uncaring of the fact that Lucy was still in the room with us.

When Lucy finally looked up again, still sitting on the dripping drawer, she muttered breathlessly, “I knew you two were into each other.”

“Look away,” I told her sharply, because my top was half-off and Gemma’s trembling hands were still on me, a finger fondling my erect nipple. I could only imagine what we looked like: me flushed and wild-eyed, my black lace bra slipping, my hair sticking to my damp cheeks. A half-Korean goddess in the ruins of a party bedroom, caught between desire, guilt, and the chaos of two friends who had both just lost control.

Gemma’s mouth was frantic against mine, all teeth and salt, and for once I didn’t care about the mess she was making. The front of her cutoff shorts was soaked, the dark patch spreading through her ripped fishnets, but all I wanted was the weight of her pressing into me. She kissed like someone who had been waiting years, starved for it, and I let her take what she wanted even though I knew it was reckless.

Behind us, Lucy perched on the pulled-out dresser drawer, her bare thighs pale under her little black dress. She had yanked her duck-print panties back up after her accident, but they clung damply to her hips, the fabric bunched from her fidgeting. Her legs swung nervously, knocking against the wood, but she stayed silent. Wide-eyed. Watching. She wasn’t mocking us. She wasn’t judging. She was just absorbing it all, like a kid staring at fireworks for the very first time, both terrified and enchanted.

Gemma pushed me hard enough that I toppled onto the unmade bed, fairy lights strung across the wall above us buzzing faintly. My head hit the pillow, hair spilling across the case like black silk. She straddled me, her denim shorts clinging to her thighs, her jacket sliding off one shoulder so the safety pins glinted in the light. She kissed me again, harder this time, before fumbling with the button of my jeans. Her fingers shook. She nearly gave up twice, and I thought about stopping her, saying something, pulling the brakes. But the words never left my throat.

Finally, she slipped the button free and tugged my zipper down with a sound that made my chest clench. Her hands slid under the waistband, brushing the thin lace of my underwear. She hesitated only a second before hooking her fingers into both and tugging them down together, slow and clumsy. My jeans caught at my knees, bunched and heavy, but she didn’t stop. I kicked them lower until they hung awkwardly off my ankles.

She moved down my body, leaving damp streaks on my stomach where her wet auburn hair dragged across my skin. Her lips parted against me, hot and unrelenting, and then there was nothing but the shocking, dizzy heat of her tongue. My breath hitched so violently it hurt. My back arched against the mattress, the sound that escaped me shameful and raw. Every noise I made only spurred her on, her desperation tuned perfectly to mine.

I had been with men, plenty. I knew what casual hook-ups felt like, what perfunctory fumbling in the dark meant. This was nothing like that. This was focused. Intentional. Like she had rehearsed it all in her head a hundred times, memorized every shiver and gasp in advance. It was the best head I had ever had in my life, and I hated how much I loved it.

Lucy still hadn’t moved. She sat with her hands folded in her lap, a doll in a thrift-store dress, her cheeks flushed crimson. Her gaze didn’t waver. It was unnerving, but I could tell something was breaking open inside her as she watched, something she hadn’t even known was there.

Twenty minutes later, the room was humid with sweat, incense, and the sour edge of piss. My jeans were shoved halfway down my calves, my lace underwear balled on the floor. Gemma’s Joy Division tee was gone, discarded near the dresser, leaving her in nothing but her wet fishnets and scuffed boots. Lucy still hadn’t budged from her perch.

It should have been funny, the tableau we made. The rocker girl with wet shorts, the half-undressed half-Korean mess on the bed, and the innocent blonde sitting primly in damp duck-print panties. If I hadn’t been so dazed and hollowed out, I might have laughed.

———-

When we finally stumbled outside, the night air hit me like a shock. We leaned against the brick wall of the loft, waiting for our Uber. Lucy hugged her arms around herself, her face still red but glowing.

“This was the most fun I’ve ever had out in my whole life,” she said softly, as if confessing it to the streetlight.

Gemma pulled her into a hug, brief and one-armed, then muttered, “You’re a perv,” the second Lucy stepped into her Uber.

“Hey,” I said, swatting Gemma’s shoulder. “She’s innocent. Sheltered. She didn’t even know what she was seeing. Don’t be cruel.”

We caught each other’s eyes, and both burst out laughing, the tension cracking open.

Gemma shifted, grimacing as she tugged at the back of her shorts. “My ass is still damp. I can feel it sticking.”

“You’re the one who pissed yourself,” I teased, still flushed and buzzing.

She glanced at me sideways, suddenly serious. “Can I sleep in your bed tonight?”

I raised an eyebrow and cracked a joke. “Careful. My bicuriosity ends in the morning. It’s just like Cinderella’s whole princess gimmick ending at midnight.”

“Then we’d better make the most of the night,” she shot back, her grin sly and soft all at once.

The Uber pulled up, headlights washing us in pale blue. We climbed inside, silent for a moment as the city blurred by outside the windows.

And I sat there, grinning to myself, realizing what I already knew: I was a menace. An out-of-control menace. Not just for kissing Gemma, not just for pulling Lucy into this mess, but for the way I made the people around me dance on the edge of their bladders. It was always me, pushing, teasing, waiting. Tonight had proved it beyond doubt.

That thought made me laugh, low and breathless, as the car carried us away.

*008*2025-10-19 19:32

Chapter 5: The Strip-Tease

The next accident that one of my friends had was my fault. Well, it was my fault for puking.

It was six months after I had hooked up with Gemma, and I was definitely in a phase of trying to prove to myself that I really liked dick; I’d had a lot of it lately. The truth is, I could get dick whenever I wanted; I was still twenty-eight, and my half-Korean and half-Irish genetics blessed me with the kind of bone structure that men swoon for. My hair was jet black and glossy, usually ironed pin-straight unless I was too hungover to bother. I had a body that came from years of gym memberships I rarely canceled even when I skipped weeks at a time and I liked to think I cut the figure of a Wasian goddess, even if that goddess was usually holding a tequila soda and making bad decisions.

At the time, my favorite bad decision was Drake. No, not the artist, although he would have wished that he was half as famous. He was a total himbo. Think: six feet of muscle with a jawline sharp enough to slice a branch in two, and a brain cell count just low enough to make counting the pieces challenging afterwards. He was good at one thing, but oh my god, was he good at it. I screamed, I confessed sins to the ceiling, I probably frightened my neighbors. It was glorious! But unfortunately I knew he and I were destined to only he friends with benefits.

Meanwhile, my good friend Maeve had gotten engaged. Her boyfriend Ethan had pulled off a full-on Paris proposal while the Eiffel Tower was sparkling, just like in a modern fairytale. My best friend Sabs and I screamed ourselves hoarse when Maeve called us after, shoving the ring in our faces through FaceTime. Our ginger goddess of a friend was about to be someone’s wife, and we were all feral with excitement.

Naturally, Maeve wasn’t about to let her engagement slide by without fanfare. Her younger sister Shannon had insisted on throwing her a blowout bachelorette, and since Shannon was twenty-six, ginger too, and a self-declared party animal, we knew it would be unhinged in the best way. Sabs and I had offered to “nerdify” things a bit. You’ll remember that Maeve’s a superhero stan through and through, and our additions made sure this wouldn’t just be a night of cheap penis straws and pink tiaras.

So there we were, the five of us - me, Sabs, Maeve, Shannon, and Maeve’s childhood best friend Margaret - crammed into Maeve’s car and winding our way to a beachside town in late May. The weather was warm, the windows were down, and the salt air was so thick you could taste it on your lips.

The town itself looked like it had been plucked off a postcard. It had a cobbled main street lined with pastel shops, ice cream parlors with striped awnings, and surfboards stacked outside rental huts. Everything smelled faintly of fried dough and ocean. It was magical.

And then there was the villa. “Villa” feels almost unfair. It was a two-story, whitewashed mansion perched on a bluff, with wraparound decks and a hot tub steaming in the back. Shannon had gotten it through some friend-of-a-friend deal, which I refused to question. The second we stepped inside, our jaws hit the floor.

She had transformed the place into a comic-con fantasy ahead of our arrival, using the props that Sabs and I had mailed her. Bright streamers hung from the ceiling in red, blue, and gold. “POW!” and “KAPOW!” cutouts were taped to the walls. Life-size cardboard cutouts of Thor (sexy Chris Hemsworth) and Wonder Woman (Linda Carter, fuck Gal Gadot) stood guard by the bar. The kitchen island was stacked with themed snacks like “Kryptonite Krispies,” “Mjölnir Mozzarella Sticks,” and a cake shaped like the Infinity Gauntlet.

“Holy shit,” Maeve gasped, her green eyes glowing as she spun in a slow circle. “This is insane. I feel like I’m about to get jumped by the Avengers.”

“That’s the dream,” Shannon quipped, fanning herself jokingly. “Bachelor party in Paris? Pfft. Bachelorette in the MCU? That’s what matters.”

Sabs, petite and curvaceous with her espresso-brown hair tumbling in waves over her shoulders, made a beeline for the bar. She wore her trademark crop top and high-waisted jeans, her eyeliner sharp enough to kill a man. “You know what this needs?” she announced, already yanking bottles out of the mini-fridge. “Superhero cocktails. I’m talking Hulk Smash mojitos. Scarlet Witch sangria. Maybe a Thor Hammer shot with actual sparks.”

“Actual sparks?” Margaret raised a brow, her blonde bob glinting under the fairy lights.

“She’s Eastern European,” I said dryly, collapsing onto the couch. “I think fireworks are part of her cultural DNA.”

“Better than whatever you’d make,” Sabs shot back, already muddling mint like her life depended on it. “What would yours be, Viv? The… Iron Hangover?”

Everyone laughed, and I tossed a pillow at her. “Excuse me, I could easily do a Captain Morgan America.”

“Lame,” Maeve groaned, but she was grinning ear to ear, already popping champagne. “God, this is so perfect. I love you all. Seriously. I feel like a kid at Disneyland, but sluttier.”

Shannon clinked her glass against Maeve’s. “Then let’s get this party started, sister. One night only. Tomorrow you’re back to spreadsheets and fiancé stuff. Tonight?” She gestured to the villa, the capes and comics everywhere. “You’re goddamn Wonder Woman.”

————

The first hour passed in a blur. The villa glowed like a comic book panel brought to life, and the five of us dove straight into the chaos with champagne flutes in hand. Shannon suggested a drinking-game version of truth or dare to “break the ice,” though the real truth was that most of us already knew each other. It wasn’t about breaking the ice, it was about cracking it until someone fell through. Secrets were bound to be spilled.

Shannon was the first one everyone got a good look at: tall, fiery-haired, twenty-six and reckless. True to their family genetics, she had Maeve’s bone structure but wore it sharper, dressed in a slinky black bodysuit with slashed cutouts and boots that clicked ominously on the hardwood. Her lipstick was a deep red, her freckles dusted across her cleavage where she hadn’t bothered with more than a shrug of foundation. She oozed chaos, and her dares reflected it: body shots off the countertop, three-second twerks on the coffee table, messy things that turned the villa into a warzone within thirty minutes.

Margaret, on the other hand, was polished. Blonde bob sleek, toned in a way that suggested hours of barre class and Pilates, and forever in dresses that cost more than my rent. She wore white tonight, because of course she did, a little wrap number that showed off her tan thighs. Her dares were more refined but more dangerous: call your ex, say who you’ve always been jealous of in this room. She and Shannon clashed instantly, as they supposedly had been doing for years. I guess the relationship between a girl’s best friend and little sister can be filled with plenty of jealousy from both sides.

“Margaret, lighten up,” Shannon snapped after Margaret vetoed a particularly messy dare.

“I’m just saying,” Margaret countered coolly, sipping her gin and tonic, “this night is about celebrating Maeve, not seeing who can be the loudest disaster.”

“Oh my god,” Maeve laughed, cheeks already flushed pink. “It can be both!”

And Maeve herself was radiant. My ginger goddess of a friend was in a silk romper the shade of champagne, her thick red hair tumbling in waves. Her body was pure earth-mother meets pin-up: big breasts that strained against fabric, thick thighs made for thigh-high boots, curves that moved like honey. She glowed, and every time she giggled, the whole villa seemed brighter.

Sabs didn’t last long before she was tipsy. Soon enough, her thick lashes were already half-drooped and she was downing vodka cranberries like they were water. Her cheeks were flushed, and her top was slipping off one shoulder as she dissolved into giggles mid-truth. Boldly, she asked Shannon if she’d ever faked an orgasm and spat half her drink when Shannon said “every time I dated a guy under six feet.”

I wasn’t much better. Drunk, yes, but trying to keep pace because the vibe demanded it. And drunk Vivian always leaned into her own mythos: gorgeous Wasian, eyeliner perfect even as mascara threatened to smudge, curves wrapped in high-waisted shorts and a crop top I had chosen specifically for its easy-to-slip-off properties.

The night hit a turning point when Maeve opened her gift. Shannon brought it out in a glossy black bag: pink tissue paper rustling, the reveal timed like theater.

Inside was an Atom Eve costume from Invincible, tailored perfectly to Maeve’s measurements. Alongside it was a matching set of pink lingerie - lacey, strappy, the kind of thing that looked like it should be airbrushed into a comic panel.

Maeve squealed, clapping her hands. “Oh my god! Ethan is going to lose his mind.”

And without hesitation, because champagne had erased any limitations her mind once had, she stripped right there in the middle of the villa. The romper puddled around her ankles, and she kicked it aside. Her breasts, full and heavy, spilled free, her nipples flushed a dusky rose. Her belly was soft but strong, waist tapering into hips wide enough to cradle the world. And lower, the trim of her red bush cropped neat against the folds of her full lips, unapologetically visible as she stepped into the lingerie.

“Maeve, damn,” Shannon whistled, clapping.

“Body positivity, bitches,” Maeve declared, snapping the waistband of her costume into place.

“Honestly, goddess vibes,” I said, sipping my drink to hide how pink my own cheeks had gone.

Of course, then she demanded we all put on the costumes Shannon had stashed in her suitcase.

The bathroom became a rotating door. Margaret emerged first, poured into her Infinity War Black Widow catsuit, the zipper low enough to tease cleavage. Shannon came next as Scarlet Witch, her crimson corset and crown making her look like trouble incarnate. Sabs stumbled out in Wonder Woman armor that clung to her petite but curvaceous frame, bracelets jingling as she posed dramatically.

When it was my turn, I ducked into the bathroom, already squirming from the drinks. I sat down to pee, sighing with pure relief as the champagne and cocktails finally escaped me. It was blissful, the kind of release that made my shoulders unclench. Then came the struggle: wrangling myself into Big Barda’s blue-and-gold bodysuit. It pinched at the thighs, hugged my stomach too tightly, and the cape got tangled in my hair. By the time I emerged, flushed and laughing, the others were mid-photo-shoot, posing with superhero fists.

But one thing I noticed, just faintly, was that Maeve had never slipped away to pee. She’d been the first one in costume, too busy twirling and sipping champagne.

The villa turned into Comic-Con drunk tank. We played a superhero video game on the giant flatscreen, shouting and smacking each other with controllers. Shannon’s Scarlet Witch moves annihilated Margaret’s Black Widow, and their rivalry only intensified.

Maeve, flushed and tipsy in her pink spandex, looked like she was glowing from the inside. She kept clutching our arms, telling us how much she loved us, how this was the best night of her life. Watching her was pure joy; our girl on cloud nine, drunk on champagne and sisterhood and simply fidgeting with energy. It was adorable to see her so happy that she couldn’t stand still.

At some point, Sabs tugged me away to the kitchen, both of us wobbling. My phone was face-down on the counter. She picked it up, squinting. “Check stripper. Check. Stripper.”

I grabbed it, eyes spinning at the screen. “Fifteen minutes out.”

Sabs squealed, clapping like a child.

See, Maeve had always wanted a stripper at her bachelorette. Not because she cared about the cliché, but because she wanted the story. She wanted the spectacle, the awkwardness, the wild “I can’t believe that happened” memory. She’d said it for years, and now Sabs and I were about to deliver.

When we rejoined the group, Maeve was already lining up shot glasses. “To love, to Ethan, and to almost being a wife!” she shouted.

I hesitated. My stomach swirled. But I couldn’t dampen the mood. I downed the shot.

The burn hit me like a truck. My mouth watered, my chest convulsed, and before I could even swallow, I felt it rising.

“Oh no,” I croaked, clapping a hand over my mouth.

Then I bolted for the bathroom, heels slipping on the hardwood.

I threw up into the toilet like my body had decided to purge every bad decision I had ever made. Acid burned my throat, my eyes streamed, and I clutched the toilet like it was the only thing tethering me to earth.

Seconds later, Sabs crouched beside me, small and sturdy in her Wonder Woman armor, rubbing circles on my back. “You’re okay, Viv. Just get it out,” she kept whispering, though she was swaying so much she looked ready to puke herself.

Behind her, Maeve lingered in the doorway, Atom Eve spandex glowing pink under the bathroom light. She was shifting from foot to foot, cape fluttering with each movement. At first I thought it was nerves about seeing me hurl. Then she pressed a hand to her crotch and slurred, “Viv… how long do you think you’ll be? ‘Cause I really, really gotta piss.”

It clicked then. All her squirming during the video game, the way she had perched on the edge of the couch. Maeve hadn’t peed since we got here, and the champagne had finally caught up.

I tried to talk but gagged instead. My stomach clenched, and I hurled again, loud and violent. “Two more minutes, maybe,” I croaked between heaves.

Maeve whimpered, squeezing her thighs together. Her big boobs spilled against the low neckline of the Atom Eve suit as she bent forward, red curls sticking to her flushed cheeks. She looked absurd and gorgeous all at once, like a goddess who had wandered into a cartoon parody of herself.

Then the doorbell rang.

Margaret’s voice floated through the villa: “Oh my god. He’s here!”

Sabs and I exchanged a look, then groaned in unison.

Shannon squealed, her Scarlet Witch crown clattering as she ran for the door.

Within a minute, the stripper stepped inside.

He was dressed as Invincible. He had blue-and-yellow spandex clinging to every ridge of muscle, black curls slicked back, and a perfect jawline glinting with a cocky grin. He looked like he’d been peeled straight out of a comic panel and injected with protein powder.

“Ladies!” he boomed, peeling off his sunglasses. “Who’s ready for the ride of your life?”

Shannon and Margaret screamed and clapped, already tugging Maeve toward the living room.

“I’ll stay with Viv,” Sabs told Maeve, holding up her hand in solidarity.

Maeve glanced at me, concern flickering in her eyes. But then Shannon’s voice cut across: “Maeve! Bachelorette! Get your butt over here!”

Maeve bit her lip, still shifting from foot to foot, then reluctantly spun away from the bathroom, cape fluttering as she went.

Five minutes later, I staggered out, mouth sour, hair damp from where Sabs had tried to smooth it down. We drifted back to the living room together, still woozy.

The music hit me first; throbbing bass from a Bluetooth speaker. The stripper was already straddling Maeve on the couch, her pink Atom Eve skirt riding up to show lace panties that shimmered under the fairy lights.

Maeve looked up as we came in, eyes wide with desperate relief. “Can I just run to the bathroom real quick?” she begged, twisting under him.

But the crowd wasn’t having it. Margaret waved her drink. Shannon shouted, “No breaks! This is your moment!”

The stripper leaned in, voice low but commanding. “Stay right there, princess.” He pushed her gently back against the couch.

Maeve whimpered, thighs glued together. He ground against her, chest rolling, hands sliding up her curves to squeeze her breasts through the spandex. The cheering drowned out her faint gasps as she clutched his arms, nails digging in.

Then he spun, twerking against her lap. Each smack of his ass bounced directly onto her overfull bladder. Maeve let out a sharp gasp, half-arousal, half-panic, gripping him tighter.

“Damn!” Shannon whooped, shaking a champagne bottle and spraying foam across the room. Margaret groaned but was laughing anyway. Sabs shrieked when the spray hit her chestplate and trickled into her cleavage.

The stripper turned around, grinning, and let Maeve unzip the top half of his Invincible suit. His abs were cut like stone, glistening with a sheen of baby oil. He guided her hands over his chest, down his stomach, flexing for her as her eyes widened. She was flushed, panting, desperate but still caught between wanting him and wanting a toilet.

Finally, he stripped the spandex down to his waist, leaving only a blue speedo barely containing him. The room roared.

Then, in one sudden move, he scooped Maeve up and spun her around. She gasped, her skirt flipping above her waist, pink lace panties fully on display. He pressed his bulge against her ass, humping her in exaggerated thrusts that sent the room into hysterics.

And that’s when it happened.

Maeve’s body jolted like she’d been shocked. For an instant, her thighs snapped together, but a thin arc of yellow liquid still slipped free, spraying right through the sheer pink lace of her panties. It glittered under the fairy lights as it spattered onto the hardwood, a sharp hiss accompanying the droplets that scattered across the floorboards.

Margaret shrieked, hand flying to her mouth. “Oh my god!” It came out half-horrified, half-hysterical.

Maeve’s freckled cheeks flamed crimson. Her wide blue eyes darted around, pleading for the earth to swallow her whole. She pressed her legs together so tightly her muscles trembled, but the stripper’s grinding weight pressed down on her, unrelenting. For a moment she managed it, holding herself, until her knees buckled. Her heeled boot slipped in the wet patch, and she yelped as she went down, collapsing sideways against the couch.

The fall shattered her last thread of control.

Her whole body convulsed as her bladder gave way. A violent gush exploded into her panties, soaking the delicate lace in seconds. The fabric darkened to a deep rose, plastered wetly against her sex as hot liquid surged through it. The hiss was unmistakable, a hard rush that drowned out even the bass-heavy music.

The piss streamed out in forceful jets, spraying through the overstretched lace, arcing forward before crashing down in wide splashes. Droplets sprayed across her thighs and calves, painting the pale freckled skin with rivulets that raced down to her ankles. Her big, soft ass was framed shamelessly as her skirt rode up past her waist, leaving the audience a clear view of her accident as it unfolded.

The flood pooled beneath her instantly, soaking into her Atom Eve cape where it bunched under her hip, but spreading far faster than the fabric could absorb. The hardwood gleamed gold, rivulets trickling outward in shimmering little rivers.

Maeve gasped, clutching at her stomach as though she could stop it, her breasts heaving against the plunging neckline of her costume. Her red curls clung damp to her flushed face, her whole body shaking as the torrent just kept pouring out of her. Every sound she made was a broken whimper between humiliation and relief.

For a long, suspended moment, the room went dead silent.

Then it erupted.

Shannon doubled over so hard her crown tumbled from her head. “No way! Maeve, oh my god, you pissed yourself!” she screamed, wheezing with laughter.

Margaret’s hands clamped over her mouth, her bob swaying as she tried not to laugh but failed miserably. “Stop, stop, she’s humiliated!” she scolded, though her voice cracked with suppressed giggles.

Sabs’s big brown eyes were wide, her lips parted. “Holy shit, Maeve,” she whispered, hovering between awe and concern. “You’re… you’re actually going.”

The stripper froze mid-thrust, blinking down at the mess spreading under him. His grin returned slow and wolfish. He flexed, rolling his shoulders like this was just another part of the performance. “Well, damn,” he said smoothly, smirking as Maeve’s stream hissed on. “Guess I really knocked it out of you.”

Maeve’s eyes brimmed with tears, her face blotchy red as the hot liquid kept streaming, unstoppable. Her voice cracked as she tried to salvage some dignity. “I… I couldn’t hold it,” she whimpered, trembling with both shame and relief.

And still she peed, a steady golden torrent spreading beneath her, puddling wide across the floor, the hiss softening only as her bladder slowly, mercilessly emptied. The piss spread warm and golden across the floorboards while we all stood around, unsure whether to laugh, cry, or help.

When Maeve finally ran dry and the chaos ebbed into awkward silence, I stumbled forward, cheeks burning hotter than hers. “Maeve, I’m so, so sorry,” I blurted. “If I hadn’t been puking and hogging the bathroom…”

She shook her head furiously, curls bouncing, still damp with sweat. Her eyes were glassy but kind. “Viv, no. It wasn’t your fault. At all. Don’t you dare carry that.”

Before I could argue, she pulled me into a hug, wet costume and all, and the others piled on, with Margaret muttering consolations, Shannon still hiccupping laughter, and Sabs patting Maeve’s back with genuine tenderness. Even Maeve managed a shaky laugh through her tears, the tension breaking like a fever.

The stripper took the cue, grinning, flexing once more before tossing a wink and bowing out. “Y’all have had enough show for tonight,” he quipped, tugging his costume back together and letting himself out to a round of weak applause from Maeve.

Thankfully, somehow, impossibly, the night wasn’t ruined. We mopped up what we could, poured more drinks, and ended up spilling into a seaside bar down the road, still in our superhero costumes. People stared, but we laughed louder, danced harder, spun until the world tilted.

———

Much later, long after the music had ended and the drinks had worn thin, I found myself in bed back at the villa. Naked now, Big Barda costume discarded on the floor, a man I’d reeled in from the bar snored softly beside me, dead to the world. My body still hummed, restless, and without thinking, my hand drifted down to my vagina. I came quick and hard, muffling myself in the sheets, the release both sweet and hollow.

Afterward, with that sharp sting of post-nut clarity, the thought sank in, the same one that always seemed to haunt me.

I didn’t mean to. I never meant to.

Yet somehow, some way, I kept ending up in the wrong place at the wrong time, and people kept pissing themselves around me.

I couldn’t, for the life of me, figure out why.

*010*2025-10-23 07:26

{{On 10/21/2025 at 11:11 AM, WetFairy said:

Can we make suggestions for scenarios?

}}

Of course! I always love suggestions about where the story can go, and this one definitely needs input.

