Rush for the Valley (Fullmetal Alchemist)

Author: Captain L

*000*2016-06-11 03:10

Rush Valley, Amestris' premiere hub for automail prosthetics. Any engineer who worked on those mechanics would be privileged to even set foot in the town. That's why Winry Rockbell jumped off the train excitedly, eyes sparkling with anticipation as she landed on the station platform. “Come on guys, hurry up,” she shouted back to the car.

Not nearly as energetic, out stepped her accompaniment; a short golden-hair boy in a red coat and a giant suit of armor squeezing his way through the relatively tiny door. These were Edward and Alphonse Elric, respectively, Winry's childhood friends that were like family. Edward specifically was the reason she got so good at designing automail, she built his arm and leg at a young age after he lost them, the same time Al was confined to the armor. So it was up to her to stay on top of all the building techniques so Ed would have the best. And there was no doubt she'd find something of value in Rush Valley.

“Remind me again why we're making a detour in this desert craphole?” Ed was not a tactful man, and he didn't appreciate his journey to Dublith being hijacked by Winry's little vacation.

Al tried to silently tell his brother to be quiet about it, but it was too late, Winry's good mood had vanished as she grabbed the wrench on her belt. “AND WHAT'S SO WRONG WITH ME WANTING TO IMPROVE MY CRAFT?!” Just as expected and as always, that wrench was swung at Ed's skull with intent to harm. And even if he knew somewhere that it would end poorly from the beginning, he screamed in fear as Winry came at him. Al stepped forward as if to interfere, but thought better of it. Maybe this time, it would smack the lesson not to be rude into Ed. Doubtful.

While he was fending off the assault with his metal arm, Ed frantically analyzed his surroundings for a way out, and found one in the crowd warily approaching them. Winry stopped too as they got closer, and they could hear them whispering, “that short kid has automail”, “that looks incredible”, “I wonder who his mechanic is”, and other things like that. Once they were sure the violence had ended, the gatherers approached Edward, or more specifically his arm.

The people of Rush Valley did not understand personal space, because as many as could fit were pressed against Ed, pulling his right sleeve up and looking all over his automail arm. And the alchemist was not happy at a bunch of strangers getting so close. “Hey, hey! Get the hell away from me! Al, Winry, stop them!”

“Just let them look, Ed,” Winry called back. “They just want to admire some expert craftsmanship!” She was even holding Al back, not that he was trying to reach his brother with all his strength if he wasn't in real harm.

“What kind of friend are you?!” He could feel their hands all over his body and was not enjoying it, so once there was a chance for him to reach the ground, he clapped his hands together and hit the pavement, sending waves through the stone and knocking everyone away. He landed on his stomach, Al running to help him to his feet. “Nice of you to come to help, Al,” he mumbled as he stood up, patting his body down.

“You didn't have to throw them all away, Ed,” Winry complained. “But if you're going to be so anti-social, let's go look at the shops.” Though she was incredibly excited to see what kinds of automail would be on display, she had another reason to visit the stores; long train rides did not bode well for her bladder. A cross-country train, there were toilets available in the car, but she'd rather avoid them because their upkeep was not regular. She had to use it once, but now she really, really needed to pee again just as they arrived. Any of the stores would have a public restroom, she'd just use one of them before browsing.

“Fine,” Ed grumbled as he stepped to follow her. “As long as you don't expect me to pay for any of it.” He reached into one of his coat pockets, and stopped dead in his tracks. He put his hand into his other coat pocket, then all his pants pockets, and patted his clothing down. “Son of a...”

“What is it, Brother,” Al asked.

“Someone stole my pocket watch! The one that proves I'm a State Alchemist!” Ed madly checked every person anywhere close to him, for any suspicious characters that might be the culprit.

That wasn't good, Winry knew. Ed needed that watch to prove his rank, really important if he wanted to continue his “research”. But she was not up to chasing some two-bit thief in her current condition, so it'd be better to leave the Elrics on the hunt while she did her business.

Ed spotted someone, a dark-skinned girl looking at them, who ran away when she was seen. “There she is,” Ed called. “Get her!”

Ed and Al would chase her down and retrieve the watch, and Winry could stay behind, of course. There's no way they'd drag someone like her, who was not an alchemist and couldn't fight, into this mess. That is, until Al picked her up and slung her over his shoulder, the jolt from being lifted causing a couple drops of pee to leak into her panties. Clearly, her predicament was even worse than she thought, and going on a run was not going to help it in the slightest. “Hey, what do you think you're doing?!”

“It's not safe to leave you alone in a strange town,” Al explained. “Especially one with thieves.”

“Good thinking, Al,” his brother praised. “We'll keep you safe, Winry, don't worry!”

“I'm fine on my own! Put me down!” Winry already didn't appreciate being treated like a child, but when she was in serious danger, she really didn't want to be pulled along for a ride. But Al wasn't listening and there was no way to break free of his grasp, so the mechanic stopped struggling and focused her efforts on keeping her liquids in check. Maybe there wouldn't be a problem if she just concentrated on that.

It wasn't like she had a weak bladder or anything, she was actually pretty capable. All-nighters meant a lot of coffee with no breaks (and an empty bottle or two), she had the practice and strength for long holds. That meant, if she was desperate now and starting to worry about an accident, she had to really be holding a lot, there would be a mess if she wet herself now. Even if he was nice and polite, there was no way Al would appreciate Winry peeing on his shoulder and down his back. She had to be strong, just enough to catch this girl and return to the stores of Rush Valley.

Another thing about the younger Elric brother, his run was not very steady, so Winry was bouncing on the metal. Not enough to give her whiplash, but the rhythmic impacts just above her stomach was not making anything easier. A little lower and she surely would have lost it by now. Even then, every couple ripples brought her one step closer to bursting, usually accompanied by a dribble escaping to her underwear. It was a good thing her skirt had gravity covering at least that much, not that there was anyone behind her who could see.

“There she is,” Ed called from the front of the pack, and sure enough, that girl could be seen in the distance, still running. Ed clapped and slid to a halt with both hands hitting the rock floor, stone spiring on a straight path away from him, straight for the crook. But then, as the spikes reached her, she jumped inhumanly high, perfectly balancing on a point. Not that any of them were close enough to see it, but she smirked at their attempt and ran off further.

“She's fast, Brother.” Now that they were at a standstill, Al put Winry back on her feet. And while attention wasn't on her, she still resisted the urge to bounce on her heels, cross her legs, even grab under her skirt.

“Yeah, we don't stand a chance in speed, we need another way to catch her.” Ed looked at everything around them, all the mountains, canyons, and carved paths. A few seconds later, he had a devious smile plastered across his face, a sign this was a plan only an Elric would have. “I'm the fastest of us three, so I'll keep chasing her that way. You take that path and head her off, and we'll transmute a trap. And take Winry with you.”

“When did I become a piece of carry-along luggage?!” Once again, without being asked, Al picked her up and slung her over his shoulder before running off the way his brother asked. Winry wasn't leaking anymore, but that's because there was nothing more to leak. Anything else came out, it'd be the full contents of her bladder, and she could only beg it would wait. No one could see her bottom half now, so she at least tempered the pressure by rubbing her thighs together. It didn't help the aching much, but if it kept the dam walls up, it was necessary. Al couldn't feel her, so he wouldn't notice her shaking as long as she kept quiet.

Even that silence was too much to ask for. She was careful not to let her feet kick Al's armor and make an echo ring, but her heavier breathing and grunts kept in her mouth added up. “Are you alright, Winry?”

She was hitting her limit, the waves of desperation ebbing at her strength, growing in frequency and intensity with each passing minute. And now Al was starting to catch on, Winry's condition would only get worse if she stayed the course, something different had to happen. At least it was only the more understanding brother she was stuck with. “Al, put me down now.” She sounded demanding, but she didn't have the luxury to be polite.

“O-okay.” He stopped suddenly and gently placed his friend on her feet again, at which point her body immediately contorted, knees together, bent over, and hands under her skirt. Screw modesty, this was necessity. “But we can't rest for long, Brother needs us ahe-” Al stopped as he saw Winry dancing in place in a lot of pain, and even if it was due to a sensation he hadn't felt in years, he still recognized it. “You need to...go?”

“D-don't worry about it,” she stammered. “You go catch up with Ed and catch that girl, just come back for me and I'll be fine.” That's all she needed, a few minutes of privacy and she'd be good. She knew the basic idea of how to do her business outdoors, even if the skill must be rusty when she never had reason to use it.

Al looked around at the homogeneous, red stone composition of every piece of scenery. If he left, it was actually pretty possible he wouldn't be able to find her again. It was not safe to leave his closest friend alone anywhere, but especially in this hot weather, where she'd be in danger of heatstroke. He couldn't feel the temperature, but Winry was sweating profusely. He hoped, for her sake, that bead of liquid falling down her inner leg was, in fact, sweat. “I really don't like the idea of leaving you alone in a strange place like this. There's a lot of demented people in the world,” he sadly added, recalling a painful experience from very recently.

Winry had always expected that helping attitude the Elrics shared would cause trouble, getting involved in danger, but she never expected it would keep Winry in a bathroom emergency. She didn't have the strength to argue further, if Al didn't want to leave, then so be it. “Then turn around, at least!” It seemed like he was panicking, but he looked away and kept his massive body still, providing as much cover as a girl could ever need. She'd take what she could get now, if she wasn't able to be alone during this, Al was probably the best one to be with her, she trusted him to make it acceptable. Not that Ed would be unworkable, but he didn't have that light emotional touch.

Without even the remote possibility of making it back, this was the moment, Winry needed to do this. “Okay, how do I do this again,” she whispered. She hadn't done this in so long, she didn't even remember why she would have before, and being at the point where it was mandatory was not helping recollection. Luckily undressing was simple with her clothing, that part of the process was obvious. Slowly and embarrassed, she slipped her left hand into her underwear to keep her bladder in check, while her right hand pulled the pink panties halfway down her thighs, the crotch stained and wet. While bouncing in place, she looked back up at Al, dutifully watching out for anything approaching.

This was the most privacy Winry was going to get, so she lifted her skirt up, tucking the hem into the waistband so she wouldn't have to deal with it falling as she squatted down, probably too far as her ankles almost touched the back of her thighs. In that makeshift toilet position, the mechanic simply couldn't hold it anymore, her bladder losing its grip and shooting out all its contents just as she moved her hand out of the way.

The stream, in its short distance to the ground, was incredibly powerful and violent, the nearly-clear urine hitting fast and only letting the sound of it crashing on rock last for a second before being replaced with water noises, like a faucet running hard in a filling sink. The mechanic moaned at the relief, she had held that one for way too long, and she had technically made it decently dry. That fact was somewhat impressive, considering she had held it through a good percentage of a long train ride, and the colorless pee rushing from her body indicating she had remained well-hydrated. The puddle was rapidly expanding, from under her rear to beneath her boots, starting to creep forward to Al's feet.

Winry wasn't even able to keep her eyes open as she lost herself in the bliss of release, as she gasped for breath and sighed. Mostly odorless, the only sense it was stimulating was the loud noise it was unendingly creating. And of course, that had to be a sense that Al had kept in the armor, so he was fully aware of every sound wave emanating from behind him. No one could see, not that his face could express it, but he was really nervous that such a private act from someone so close was going on right behind him. She didn't even care about her physical positioning now, it felt too good.

Over a minute later, Winry had nothing more to give, her body finally emptied all its contents on the rock below. With nothing to wipe with, she shook a little to loosen anything clinging, and stood straight again. She noticed her legs were sore from the weight put on them, something she should have considered before, automail engineering always calculating the stress put on limbs, and only considered a more efficient posture now. The benefit to having a clear thought process, she concluded, and pulled her panties back to where they belonged, the wet fabric making her a little uncomfortable. Finally, she readjusted her skirt, and her whole body was straightened out.

That's when Al spoke up and asked, “Are you done now, Winry?”

“Yeah, I'm done.” But it hit her that there was still a puddle of evidence at her feet she'd rather remain unseen. “But don't turn around! Let's just start walking.”

“Um...okay.” His metal body starting clanging as he moved again, Winry catching up soon. “But we should probably run if we want to meet up with Brother, we lost a lot of time.”

Honestly, for that brief moment, she had forgotten that's why Ed wasn't there, that they had split to do a job. “Fine then, I guess you'll have to carry me.” But with her body being flung in Al's grasp, her short bottoms might not be enough to cover her panties from a rogue skirt flip, already undesirable, but deathly important now. She'd need something larger on her waist, and she had been ready to remove her dark jacket due to the heat. “Just let me take my jacket off.” She pulled her arms through the sleeves and opened the front to slip it off, tying the long sleeves around her abdomen and turning the coat into a longer skirt, leaving a white tank top as her shirt. “And thanks for stopping for me, I don't know what I would have done otherwise,” she confessed as Al picked her up for the third time.

“W-well, of course,” he stuttered as he rubbed the back of his helmet with his left gauntlet. “It wouldn't have been good for me either if I didn't help. Let's go, and hope that didn't take too long.” Ed was probably improvising something now if they weren't in any position, so Al really needed to hurry as he bolted in the direction his brother ran, holding Winry tighter so she wouldn't bounce vigorously in his hold

