Thoughts on me perhaps making a fantasy adventure/omo comic on here?

Author: CloudedArcTrpr

*000*2025-03-17 20:23

This is mainly just a question I'm posting, because even though I'm also writing a (mostly) sfw webcomic to get its first pages published soon, I've lately been wondering about perhaps reviving the comic idea that originally never made it past three pages back in 2018 (the one that the Aries-prime/proto-Aries design as recently uploaded to the gallery is from)

The idea being that I lean fully into the decisions of that original concept, but I put a slight twist on things, and add a healthy amount of wetting fan service, heh.

For upload on here alone, ofc.

I just wanted to hear people's thoughts on something like that, and if anyone would be interested in something like it, just either reply/write or react to this post with your thoughts and I'll count it as a vote.

I just want to make sure that there would be an audience for this sort of thing, lol.

*002*2025-03-17 21:30

{{4 minutes ago, Furrashi said:

Do it!! I love comics on omo org and there will never be enough of them here!

}}

Well, while even just one person's support is certainly already enticing to my adhd brain, I still think it might be wise to wait for more positive responses/votes to this post before I commit to anything.

But please, feel free to bump/share this thread to other people to help get the idea out there and potentially some traction!

IK I sound like a content creator with asking you to share and all, but honestly, it's only because sharing and commenting works to get more interaction/engagement.

And again, I just want to make sure that the engagement with the comic will be enough to actually keep the steam flowing for it.

*007*2025-03-28 09:33

{{On 3/24/2025 at 4:46 PM, The Dark Wolf said:

I'd love that. As much as I love stories specifically about wetting, it's also fun to have it be a part of an adventure. Make sure I don't miss it if you do.

}}

{{On 3/19/2025 at 2:39 PM, DarthMillenial said:

Go for it. Sounds cool.

}}

{{On 3/19/2025 at 12:27 AM, NoahEdar0483 said:

Oh, please do! I love omo comics! 😄

}}

{{On 3/18/2025 at 11:34 PM, heygirlhey said:

Yesssssssss

}}

Holy crap, so many new comments, how did I not get the notifications for all of you??

But hey, message received!

I'm doing my best to work on the first page, slow as it may be.

....

Just please remember that there likely won't be any immediate omo stuff off the bat, at least for a couple pages I think!

Writing can be difficult, especially when going at it without a true plan behind things.

I'm glad to be able to go ahead and make something fun for the community like this, I just hope you all like it when I start posting pages here! (Both in a new topic here on the Omorashi Fiction forum branch, and the doujin/manga branch of the gallery)

