Double desperation in Rio

Author: cudi

*000*2025-06-23 20:44

In the bustling, vibrant streets of Rio de Janeiro, two young locals, Marco and Sofia, were navigating the narrow alleys of the city's slums. The sun beat down mercilessly, and the humidity was oppressive. They had been exploring the city all day, playing the Volleyball, drinking, making out, and drinking more, and both were now desperately in need of a restroom. Unfortunately, the slums offered little in the way of privacy or facilities.

Marco: "Sofia, I can't hold it much longer. There's nowhere to go!"

Sofia: "I know, I know! I'm about to burst too. Let's keep moving; maybe we'll find something."

As they hurried through the crowded streets, the desperation grew. Marco, unable to hold it any longer, spotted a small, secluded area between two buildings. He quickly darted into the narrow space, unzipped his pants, whipped out his penis and let out a stream of relief. The sound of his urine hitting the ground was loud and clear, echoing off the walls.

Sofia, watching from a distance, had a good view. On his penis, on his pee stream, straight and she felt a scent of urine. She felt a mix of jealousy and even more desperation. She squirmed, trying to hold it in, but the sight of Marco's ease only made her situation more urgent.

Sofia: (under her breath) "Damn it, why is it so easy for him?"

Just as Marco finished, shaked last drops and zipped up, Sofia felt a warm, wet sensation between her legs. She felt that she couldn't control her pussy anymore. Legs Just couldn't be more right, Just couldn't.

She jumped, her eyes widening in shock and embarrassment. The stream was strong and relentless, soaking her pants and running down her legs, watering her feet. Smell was quite intensive too.

Sofia: "Fuck! Fuck! Fuck!"

Marco, hearing her expletives, rushed over to her side. He felt a pang of sympathy and remembered his own embarrassing moment.

Marco: "Sofia, it's okay. I've been there. Remember when I peed my pants in front of You and few girls in primary school? They laughed, but it was just an accident. Here, take my shirt to cover up."

He quickly took off his shirt and handed it to her. Sofia, still swearing under her breath, took the shirt and wrapped it around her waist, trying to hide the wetness.

Sofia: "Thanks, Marco. But it's not fair! Girls have to squat, pee, wipe, and worry about the stream. It's so much more complicated."

Marco nodded, understanding her frustration. "I know. But sometimes, you just gotta let go and deal with the consequences. Come on, let's get you to that pool over there. You can jump in and get completely wet; it'll be easier to hide."

Sofia, still holding her legs tightly, followed Marco to the nearby pool. Without hesitation, she jumped in, fully clothed. The cool water enveloped her, and she let out a sigh of relief.

Sofia: "Ah, that feels better. At least now I'm just wet from the pool, not from peeing myself."

Marco laughed, feeling a bit more at ease. "See? Sometimes, the best solution is the simplest one. Now, let's get you some dry clothes and head back. I think we've had enough adventure for one day."

As they walked back, Sofia felt a newfound appreciation for the simple things, like a dry pair of pants and the freedom to pee without worry. She looked at Marco with a mix of gratitude and amusement, knowing that their shared embarrassment would become a good story one day.

