Destroy All Toilets (Khimera: Destroy All Monster Girls)

Author: Captain L

*000*2018-10-06 15:58

Chelshia the Chimera knocked on the flimsy wooden door of the town outhouse, threatening to bust the door off its hinges with her powerful golem arm. Even purposefully holding back, or as much as she could manage while holding herself, the thin boards bending inwards with each strike. "Hey, the door's locked!"

"Yeah, occupied," a voice from inside shouted back. "Um, I'm sorry, but I'm going to be a while longer."

Chelshia groaned, using her normal left hand to grip the front of her blue skirt as she bounced on her toes in plain view of everyone in Ragazza Town's central square. It wasn't her fault, being the island's closest thing to a protector after it was plundered by a crew of monster pirates, with oni and hastily-added golem DNA, the chimera was immediately drafted into chasing after the thieves right off the birth table. That was two days ago, two days absolutely filled with exploring every corner of Morgana Island, chasing after the villainous pirates.

Those two days gave her time to discover the intricacies of her newly-awakened body. Of course, she wasn't like an infant upon being activated, she had knowledge, a sassy personality, a love of pizza, anime, and video games programmed into her brain. Yet, her mom, the professor who built her, had left her unique physiology a mystery for her to discover. This was when Chelshia discovered she was left-handed, how uncomfortable to the touch her broken right horn was, and, right now, how awful the sensation of a full bladder was.

While she had never been a human before, there was some nagging voice in her mind telling her that needing the bathroom for the first time after two days was excessive. Whatever DNA splice governed that part of her digestive tract (she was guessing dragon), it was clearly done so as to give her the strongest, largest capacity. It had its conveniences, no denying that, but all she could do was curse the decision for the enormous amount of pee it meant she'd be flooding into her clothes if she couldn't get into a bathroom now.

One thing was clear, however. "I'm not gonna get anywhere just standing here." Whoever was denying her sweet relief, they looked like they'd be continuing that for as long as necessary. If Chelshia wanted to whiz, she'd need to go somewhere else. Easier said than done, when she really had to go already, time was of the utmost essence. And being nearly-wholly unfamiliar with the restrooms of Ragazzo Town certainly wasn't helping matters. All she could do was guess as she held onto her skirt for dear life and ran for...somewhere else.

The town was not exactly very large, but in her partially-incapacitated state, Chelshia had a lot of time to think and reflect on her current predicament, or more specifically, how long she had been putting it off. Technically, she had the first urge quite some time ago, but it was easy enough to overlook in the face of the mission. And it wasn't ironic enough. No, she only became truly desperate when she set foot on the flying airship Albatross, the instant it became impossible to retreat to use the toilet. "I still should have gone then..."

###

As she reached the bow of the Albatross, Chelshia could hardly stand still as pressure mounted in her abdomen. "I really shouldn't have drank all those sodas the pirates dropped..." She couldn't help it that she had a bottomless stomach and an insatiable thirst for the carbonated beverage, if only she had realized beforehand what road that gluttony would lead her down. What a time to be having her first bathroom emergency.

She waddled through the doorway separating the hallway from the bow, ready for the big boss pirate and the fast-paced fight that would follow. And, well, she found the pirate, all right. Amelia the Harpy, standing precariously on the barrier rail, toe claws gripping the pole to keep balance, as her wings were occupied with...aiming. Amelia's black pants were dropped all the way to her ankles, exposing her bare butt in all its glory to Chelshia, and around the front, visible between her spread legs, was a healthy stream of pee flowing right off the ship to the land below.

The sight instantly had an effect on Chelshia. Watching someone else take their pee, and a well-needed one by the looks of it, was making the chimera's need at least ten times worse. Her bladder spasmed, and she gripped her panties hard to prevent a leak. "W-what are you doing?!"

Upon hearing a voice, Amelia's muscles all tensed together, though she couldn't stop peeing. Her head turned around, just before she could be accused of being an owl, a bright red blush on her face contrasting nicely with her green hair and feathers. She'd probably look terrified, if her eyes weren't hidden beneath tinted goggles. "Um...I wanted to wait until after I had defeated you, but I just couldn't wait any longer, and I figured I still had a few minutes. So...could you please turn around until I finish?"

Chelshia, using her golem arm to block her eyes, staggered away. "B-but did you have to do that here?!"

"Well...I may have considered a proper toilet to be an unnecessary amenity while designing the Albatross. Hey, we should both count ourselves lucky that I wasn't in the middle of doing the other thing."

Even without looking, and with the wind rushing past hiding the noise, it was so hard for Chelshia to avoid wetting herself just knowing what was happening within the same room as her. A part of her even wanted to run to Amelia and join her in the relief, but taking her underwear off right next to a pirate? Not happening. Instead, she steeled herself for the pressure, hoping she could outlast her bladder screaming at her to let go.

For now, it worked. She didn't quite feel like she was on the verge of an accident anymore, and Amelia pulled her pants up as soon as she was finished doing her own business. And, at the flip of a switch, it was like nothing happened. Amelia landed on the opposite end of the room from Chelshia, wings outstretched in an action pose, ready to fight properly. Though she wouldn't get a real full fight, with Chelshia distracted and suffering.

###

Somehow, the chimera had made it through that battle, and brought Amelia into custody. And as soon as the harpy was handed over to Bernadette the police chief, Chelshia wasted no time rushing to find a bathroom. Now that the one outhouse was ruled out, she walked further into town to the next possible stop that might have a toilet: the maid cafe. A stop that was quickly turning just as tragic as the last. "What do you mean I can't use it?!"

"Just as I said, the restrooms are for customers," the arachne maid reiterated. "If you want to use it, you're free to buy a drink first."

"I don't have any cash on me!" To prove a point, Chelshia reached into her right skirt pocket and emptied it out, revealing only a single receipt from a bank transaction. "Come on, from one girl to another, just make an exception this once!" Chelshia, with both hands pressing against her crotch, was stepping in place rapidly, biting her lip as her demon tail flicked around behind her, thankfully too thin and wiry to possibly lift her skirt more than an inch.

"Well...tell you what, I've got a proposal for you. You can use the bathroom, if you agree to start working her. We're short-staffed, so it's a win-win!"

"Are you kidding?! I have pirates to catch, I don't have the time for a job! I'm just trying to pee!"

"Don't be so quick to dismiss it," the owner rebutted, reaching behind her back to pull out a spare maid outfit that she just happened to be carrying with her. "I think you've got the perfect body to rock an outfit like this!"

"I-I don't care if I'd look good! I'd look a lot worse if that thing were soaking wet! Just please, please let me use the bathroom!" Chelshia squeezed herself tighter, to the point that it was starting to hurt.

The maid shrugged. "Then there's nothing I can do. You can find another bathroom somewhere else. Now, if you're not going to do anything for me, then leave me alone."

"Hey, waitress, where's my hot pepper tea," one of the other patrons called.

"Coming!" The maid ran off towards the customer, tray in hand, leaving Chelshia alone and potty dancing.

Her mental faculties slowed and sluggish, it took the chimera a few seconds to even realize that she had been abandoned, staying completely silent and still save for a few rapid blinks. But when the revelation hit her, it flushed her brain free of all thoughts, outside the constant, rolling and repeating desire to pee. "U-uh...I still gotta go over here..."

"Good for you," the maid praised, entering through the swinging double doors of the cafe, to fulfill another customer's order, having already dismissed Chelshia from her attention.

This now marked the second toilet Chelshia was denied, the constant rejection while in such close proximity was doing her constitution no favors. "So what am I supposed to do now," she cried, bending down as her legs rubbed against one another, twisting her tall socks into a spiral. Thinking of even a second bathroom already racked her brains, the mere idea of needing to remember the existence of a third now seemed an impossible task.

Of course, there was one little pit stop she was aware of, the first one that popped in her head as soon as Amelia was dispatched, in fact: the bathroom in the professor's house. The house belonged to Chelshia and her mom alone, so the chances of being restricted from its usage for any reason were slim. If she could just get there, her problems would all be washed away.

The problem was the "if" part of the sentence. Their house was on the outskirts of town, too far to walk to in her current condition, and since her path had taken her into town thanks to the need to deliver Amelia to the authorities, Ragazzo Town was the only place she could find her toilet. Plus, if she went home, the professor would likely take the opportunity to painfully splice new DNA into her to give her new abilities, a stress she couldn't handle right now. "'No need to use the bathroom', I said. 'I don't need to go right now', I said." She'd hit herself for her stupidity, but she was in enough pain.

As was demonstrated by a surge of torment straight from her bladder to her crotch, one that threatened to overtake her if she didn't double down and grip her privates with everything she had, with her normal hand on the inside, its bones almost broken by the stone grip of her golem hand. "Ngghgooohhhh..." Her teeth ground against each other, the same way her knees did, as her chest heaved with deep breaths and her eyes closed, tears beginning to form at the corners of her eyelids under the strain.

Even that force wasn't enough to satisfy her body, her bladder just needed some release. So, out came a short jet of pee, dampening Chelshia's panties. "Ah!" She added crossed legs to her holding medley, every single motion and action she could possibly think of, all mashed together in the hopes that their sum would be enough to overpower her own bladder. As she trembled under the pressure, more leaks spurted out, starting to seep through her underwear into her socks.

But then, her bladder was abated. Still screaming, of course, but it could just barely contain its contents right now. For the next minute or so. It took Chelshia a solid ten seconds of continuing to hold with all her might before she was sure all hell would not break loose should she relax her holding, just a tiny bit. It allowed her the muscular slack to move, incredibly stiffly and slowly. "I gotta PEEEEEEEE," she shouted, hobbling away with as much speed as her lower half could handle without destroying her razor's edge equilibrium.

###

"Come on...come on..." Chelshia was currently dancing at the counter of Mouthface's shop, hoping this vendor would be more sympathetic to her plight. However, as of now, she had yet to receive a response of any kind, neither acceptance nor rejection. That's because Mouthface was sweating profusely, darting her nonexistent eyes around nervously, silently begging for Chelshia to leave. She wasn't so good with people, locked into silence out of shyness.

In truth, Chelshia had realized that staying here was a fruitless endeavor. She just ran in here in a blind panic, not really thinking about her destination. And, as she was now discovering, the store didn't even seem to have a door besides the entryway, no back room to store goods or a possible toilet. What did Mouthface do when she needed to pee? She was missing everything from her face besides a mouth, was she missing other parts across her body?

Just as she was worrying if she had pushed herself into another dead end, another squirt dribbled out, offering not even the slightest relief, her bladder stretched way too far to get any relief from such small escapes. Not that it was unexpected, the leaks had been coming rhythmically ever since they started, but it was never welcome. By now, her panties had been thoroughly soaked, keeping her crotch damp and warm while also crawling up her butt, they couldn't get any wetter without some serious acrobatics. So instead, the trickle snaked down her thighs, gliding down her smooth dark skin until they could begin permeating her black stockings, bringing another item of her clothing into their vengeful assault. The color hid the damage to an extent, but her short skirt removed that little safety net entirely. The idea of hiding her emergency now was absurd.

And another leak jetted out, far quicker than before, with almost no break in between. And another shortly after that. "Ah, no! Nonononono!" Chelshia realized that her only hope was to hold harder, but with a golem arm, that was an impossibility without crushing...a part of hers. As it stood now, she just couldn't hold it any longer, she absolutely needed to pee right now, maybe a minute at most before the floodgates opened. Without a toilet in sight, there was only one option open to the chimera. "AAAAAAAHHHHHHH!" Screaming her lungs and gills out, Chelshia ran out of the store, and Mouthface breathed a sigh of relief of her own.

Unable to even spare the strength to open her eyes, Chelshia just charged through the plaza, bumping into everyone in her path and bowling straight through them with her dash. No matter how many crashes she caused, nothing could stop her sprint, either they took a spill or she would. Right through the food court, right past the weapon shop, nothing could stop this poor, bursting chimera. She even ran straight past the outhouse, still locked and in use, confirming that being patient and waiting would have done her no good.

Even with the burst of adrenaline, unfortunately, Chelshia could only make it so far before she slowed to a crawl, and even that didn't last for long. She hadn't made it very far, and her muscles had already turned to stone. "Mmpf ahhh....AGH!" A few drips fell into the soil between her feet, and her eyes shot open, pupils shrunken and mouth agape.

Wherever she had planted her feet at this exact moment, this is where she would be peeing, clothes be damned. And she hadn't really gotten too far from any witnesses in her hurry. Yes, she had made it closer to the outskirts of town, but there were still residents out here. Yes, there were buildings and air conditioning units she could hide behind, but she wasn't behind them right now, which meant she'd never make it behind one. If she wanted to pee without doing it through her underwear, she'd need to do it right out in the open.

"I'll do it!" She wasn't programmed without shame, but right now, in a dire desperate state like this, she couldn't care less about modesty. Even with the townsfolk looking right at her, how could they not, with the panicked way she was running around, dancing, and screaming, Chelshia only had one thought on her mind: "I'm gonna PEEEEEE!" Taking a huge risk by taking both hands off her crotch, she reached up beneath her skirt, grabbing the waistband of her underwear and yanking down with all her might.

Rrrrrrrip!

Aside from flowing water, no sound could have ignited her senses more than that. Whatever ripped, it couldn't be good. It couldn't be anything other than bad, as she discovered when she lifted her golem arm up to her face. Hidden in its stone grasp, peeking out from the sides of her clenched fist, was a tattered piece of wet cloth that was once a pair of black panties. "...I pulled too hard!" Thus was the risk of using her super strength for such mundane tasks like taking her clothes off.

However, as much of a failure as her undressing was, she did still remove her underwear, her privates were now exposed to the open air. On one hand, that was a blessing, not having to feel that disgusting warm wetness against her, but there was a negative side attached: nothing was covering her crotch. Programmed into her was the instinct, that having nothing over her crotch meant it was time to go. Or maybe she had just simply run out of time, with her legs apart and muscles loosened.

Within a second, the soft pitter-patter sound of falling urine permeated the air. It wasn't the loudest sound in the world, but as water hitting soil turned to liquid hitting liquid, the volume was cranked up significantly. A chimera charging into a populated area screaming about her emergency was more than enough to bring attention onto herself, but actually having the accident ensured that they would never take their eyes off her, not as long as she was here.

And Chelshia was well-aware of that fact. It was the only thing she could think about, how everyone was looking at her, staring at her, judging her, getting ready to spread rumors as soon as she was out of earshot, maybe not even waiting that long. She began quaking and shivering, disrupting the pee stream and breaking it into many smaller pieces, changing nothing about the ferocity of her relief, just making it all the more unusual listening.

Actually, there was one more sound, inaudible underneath the crashing pee between her legs. "Aah...mmph...nnh...haaahh..." No matter how many attempts she made, Chelshia couldn't form any real words, every single attempt instead exited her mouth as nothing more intricate than a moan. No matter how many times she tried to defend her actions, offer an explanation for her accident, but silence prevailed. Because there was no defense, what Chelshia had done, was doing, could never be excused. She was a failure, and that was unequivocal truth.

She had begrudgingly accepted that, so why did she need to continue suffering? If it ended, she could run and hide her face before everyone watching got a good look at her for the tenth time. But no, she had drank far too much, any chance of her being able to finish in any reasonable amount of time had been flushed down the toilet long ago. As the minutes passed, and the people watching began to grow bored, Chelshia just kept whizzing, and whizzing, and whizzing. Her earlier theory had been confirmed, beyond a shadow of a doubt; her bladder capacity was unreal.

She kept peeing for so long, she had to admit one thing: peeing did feel pretty good. She had been holding it for so long, doing such strenuous activities while keeping a hold on her bladder, something incredibly difficult to do successfully. It was so hard, so exhausting, and she was finally allowed to stop and just let it all loose. For the first pee of her life, it was satisfying, to say the least. Her tense face relaxed, and her eyelids grew heavy as they began to fall. Her hands, balled into fists tight enough that they threatened to draw blood, loosened their iron grip, allowing the shredded underwear she was keeping a grasp on to fall into the rapidly expanding pool beneath her, floating away on the fluid's surface.

Of course, as soon as she started enjoying the relief, her massive bladder emptied itself at long last. What was one a raging waterfall calmed to a simple pouring glass, which continued at its own pace for a surprisingly long time, until it finally wound down to drops...and then followed itself up with another short, steady stream of her hidden reserves. And that was the end, with a gigantic puddle ten times the length of her feet spreading out in all directions as the warm reminder to all what had transpired here.

"Hah...hah...phew..." Panting, catching her breath, Chelshia fully opened her eyes, able to see the world with non-waterlogged eyes for the first time in a full day. And what she saw was exactly as bad as she had worried in her desperation-addled state just a few minutes prior: everyone staring, their eyes opened wide, taking in as much of the sight of a soaked chimera as they possibly could. After all, it wasn't like they'd ever get the chance to see this again. The air was filled with nothing but silence, even the wind seemed to take a break to observe Chelshia's failing.

She wasn't about to just stand by and give them the free view. "Kyaaaahh!" Sprouting wings from her back, Chelshia wrapped the feathers around her body in a snug embrace, hiding everything from neck to thighs behind the dark blue plumage, the greater contrast between light and dark only making her water-reflective bottom half even more evident, not that she could see that far down, past her own appendages. Screaming, she ran off, in the direction she believed her house to be. Even if the pirates were to attack the town again, her only mission was getting a change of clothes.

Still, as she dashed through town, parading her shame for everyone to see, there was one fact that she couldn't deny, the one bright spot in the sea of humiliation: her first pee felt amazing. Yes, she had suffered immensely, but the payoff did wonders in making all that torture worth it. Next time Chelshia needed to answer nature's call, she knew the sensation would be pleasant. She just needed to do her business in a better place next time.

Her run brought her past the outhouse, where her endless line of humiliation had begun. Hearing the footsteps trample the path outside, the occupant called out, not realizing that Chelshia was already long gone. "Excuse me? Does anyone out there have any paper? I'm kind of stuck in here without any of my own."

*002*2021-02-01 16:10

The uncharted Hanjie Isle. Actually, the island was on every map, it was just that nobody cared enough to come out here. Which made it a perfect place to supposedly hide a secret treasure. And that's the reason two monster girls were climbing the island's lone mountain: to find a tablet. Their local gold-plated skeleton told them to. He promised them a month's worth of pizza for it.

"C-Chel, can we p-please go back to the boat and g-get some warmer clothes?" One of those monster girls was the harpy, Amelia. She had done the research, Hanjie was supposed to be tropical, so all she packed was her usual white tank top and a pair of tight black shorts. All she could do for warmth was keep tightly wrapped in her green wings, occasionally breaking her plumed blanket to wipe fog and frost from her glasses with a feather.

"Huh? But it's not even that cold." Heading the duo was Chelshia the chimera, who was not dressed any warmer in a sleeveless shirt and a skirt. But she had a new hat. Her cold resistance was simply a genetic quirk, like underwater breathing, or air conditioning, or box. "Oh, but birds fly south for the winter, don't they?"

"Harpies don't do that! I was smart enough to build heating into my lovely Albatross!" Amelia and Chelshia had been friends for a year, after Chelshia had foiled the plot of the Sea Spider pirates Amelia belonged to, and part of the aforementioned foiling involved grounding Amelia's homemade airship. Despite their continued friendship, the harpy had not forgiven her pal for that. "As well as a game room, state-of-the-art internet relay, and the biggest figure collection this side of Morgana Island! And now it's all been impounded!"

"Really? You had all that, but not a bathroom?" True, the first time the two had met was under...revealing circumstances of that nature. Amelia was never going to live down greeting Chelshia with her tail feathers out instead of meeting her opponent face-to-face.

But that only fueled her emotional retort. "At least it was better than the boat we took here! At least the Albatross could land somewhere should the crew need a break! You know, if it's an open field or something..."

"Yeah..." Hanjie Isle was not a leisurely afternoon cruise from Morgana Island, so a boat of monster girls sailed the open seas for three straight days. And it was not a luxury ship, only as big as it needed to be, meaning one thing in particular: no onboard toilet. It quickly became a common occurrence aboard the vessel for one of the women to be hanging their butt over the edge, taking care of business, praying that another boat wouldn't suddenly pass by in the middle of it. Chelshia was lucky, her freakish biology meant she only had to do that once the whole trip, but the other girls did not have the same endurance.

###

"Chel, I promise you, episode 4 is an outlier. It gets way better after that, I swear. I mean, unless you see the censored version of episode 6, but there's no way you're watching the censored one under my watch." Having finished a short anime session together, Amelia and Chelshia took off their earbuds and closed the laptop lid, seeing the sun for the first time today.

It was no sooner that the computer clicked shut that a voice frantically called out from the helm. "AMELIA, TAKE THE WHEEL!" While these two got to mess around on their way to a treasure hunt, they had an adult chaperone, one who had taken the job of guiding the craft: the Morgana Island sheriff, the blue-skinned dullahan, Bernadette. And she was currently a blue streak on its way to the hull's waist-high barricade.

As soon as the police chief arrived at the wall, she spun around, almost letting momentum carry her into a full circle rotation until she stamped a foot down to brake, facing away from the endless expanse so as not to see what was about to transpire. Reaching up under her skirt, pushing the hem upwards with her wrists, Bernadette shoved her black lace panties to her knees. And, stretched out by the separation of her legs, in plain view of the sun, one so inclined to look would be clearly able to see the dripping wetness from the crotch of the underwear.

That was only the beginning. Once her plump blue butt was hovering overboard, Chelshia and Amelia's ears were assaulted by the splashing of a breaking dam. It should have been harder to hear over the many small waves rolling and crashing against the boat, but that was not at all the case. Their imagination was more than enough to perfectly picture the volume and force gushing from Bernadette's privates, cascading down the outer hull like a waterfall.

It wasn't long after the flood started that Bernadette moaned sensually, her lips quivering and eyelids fluttering. "Ooooohhhhhhhhh....thank you..." Her chest shakily heaved as her deep, tired breathing was frequently interrupted by sighs and squeals, all underscored by enough golden water to drown a mermaid.

Maybe the only thing more overwhelming was the awkwardness weighing down the air. Amelia, once she had realized why Bernadette had run off so crazily and exactly how close she had toed that line, silently and sheepishly did as she was told and took over the ship's steering, looking straight ahead past the bow in an attempt to ignore what was so obviously happening mere feet from her. She couldn't completely shut it out from her mind, not in a million years, meaning her face was illuminated with a bright red blush, appearing extra vibrant in contrast to her green hair.

Chelshia, meanwhile, had a polar opposite reaction, by not taking her eyes off her police chief mom. It was just so much pee, clearly held inside that poor dullahan's bladder far longer than she was comfortable with. There was a certain part of the chimera that remembered what had happened to herself a year prior, and could sympathize with that pain and that struggle. "Wow, with that kind of hose, maybe you should be the island's fire chief instead!" Or maybe she just needed time to think of a joke. Maybe she really didn't remember how embarrassing her own extreme desperation was.

Bernadette had seemingly forgotten that she had no semblance of privacy from anybody, because Chelshia's little quip caused her to jump in her seat, painting the outer hull with her urine over a wider radius in the jolt, even a few splashes hit the deck at the peak of her hop. "N-no, don't look, Chelshia! I couldn't wait any longer!" Pulling her hands off the wall, the dullahan covered her face with her elbows, shaking her head wildly as she squealed.

"You've really got no sense of personal boundaries, do you, Chel?" Amelia had noticed her friend leaning a little too close when watching something, even with the excuse of both squeezing together to use a single laptop screen. And all Chelshia could do as an explanation was stick her tongue out in a cutesy way.

In the background, Bernadette began falling backwards as her arms windmilled at her sides. She gripped the barricade again to hold herself in place, though the jerking was a little too harsh, and her head rolled off her neck, falling into the ocean alone. All the while, her body kept peeing.

###

"Well, we're not on the boat anymore, so there's no problem. Nature can be your bathroom now!" Ever the optimist, Chelshia.

"I'd really rather wait for somewhere a bit less...exposed." Amelia wasn't exactly a shy girl, even if she preferred to keep to herself, but she needed somewhere a little better than this. Though the two were climbing a mountain, it was a very bare mountain, nothing to hide behind. Not even the weather would be her shield; despite the layer of snow deep enough to bury their feet, none fell from the sky. Visibility was perfect, making it impossible to mistake if a certain someone had indeed dropped their pants.

"Mmgh..." And Amelia had reason to be scanning the environment in that way, because she was on the lookout. Her and Chelshia had been on the island for some time now, walking all over the place to pick up clues on the whereabouts of the tablet pieces. The chimera seemed to have a bottomless well of energy and motivation, she never needed a break, and Amelia was therefore dragged along every step of the way. Except Amelia didn't have a bottomless bladder, and she really needed a break.

For the time being, it wasn't an emergency. Just the feeling of no small quantity of warm urine in stark contrast with her chilling skin, drawing further body heat to keep her bladder strong and remaining full. There was, admittedly, a thought to just get this over with, pee in some manner, be rid of the discomfort and retain her much-needed heat. Only problem being, answering nature's call would mean just pulling her pants down in front of her friend; a friend she had no guarantee would give her privacy. Or she could wet herself. Neither was ideal. "Guess I'll just hold it," she groaned, resolving herself to just keep walking.

But even walking couldn't be easy. Her steps were short, yet the separation of her legs for even that brief moment emboldened her bladder in its cries for release. And it wasn't like she could just start flying to keep her thighs pressed together, not just because she'd have to unwrap her warm wings from around her petite body, but the bobbing with each flap of her arms would jolt her bladder left, right, and sideways every couple seconds. No, her best option was to just trudge forward as she was, keeping her mind off the private need.

Inadvertently, Chelshia came in, carrying just what Amelia had ordered. "Hey, what about that girl we're supposed to be racing? The one that was also looking for the tablet? What did she call herself? A 'leaker'?"

"S-streamer, Chel. Did you have to phrase it like that?" Now Amelia couldn't help but think of the liquid connotation of the word "stream", a word she wouldn't think twice about under any normal circumstances. "Yeah, I'm pretty sure I've seen her on my homepage a few times. Let me take a look..." Reluctantly, she unfurled her right wing and reached into her pocket, pulling out her phone and turning it on. She got cell service on the island.

It didn't take much swiping and scrolling before the harpy happened upon the face the two had stumbled across at the bottom on the mountain: the dark-skinned vulpin with youthful gray hair, smiling from within a clickbait thumbnail. "Yeah, here it is. K1tsudon Channel." Tapping on the channel icon, Amelia started scanning K1tsudon's recent uploads. "She played a VTuber hack of Needlemouse 1? Wouldn't that be confusing, commentating a game already emulating a commentator? Hm? Oh, she's live now!"

As Amelia tapped on the current livestream and rotated her phone into the landscape orientation, Chelshia scooted in close to also get a good view of the small screen. Too close, in fact, but Amelia wouldn't argue if she got to share in the chimera's body heat, so she stayed silent as the phone speakers blared. "Brr...maybe I should have packed some warmer clothes..." She wore a black sweatshirt and tight jeans, so most of her skin was covered, but it still wasn't climbing gear. Even the thick, fluffy tail hanging behind her seemed to be shivering. "So, I think we're halfway up, and we're almost to the tablet. For anyone just joining us, there's supposed to be a tablet on this island, and if I can find it, selling it will smash my donation goal! Of course, I still welcome all the donations you've been giving me."

"Oh, I think we're ahead of her," Chelshia excitedly exclaimed right in Amelia's ear. "We passed that spot already!"

The harpy squinted, tried to look closer, but even with her high-resolution screen, she couldn't make out any detail behind K1tsudon that would differentiate one part of the mountain from any other. Granted, her glasses weren't clean at the moment, so maybe Chelshia really could see something with her superior eyesight. Or maybe Chelshia was just an idiot.

Though, looking closer, Amelia could swear she saw something else of note: K1tsudon shifting her weight around on her buried heels, her calves crossed just the smallest amount, bouncing just an inch or two. Unusual reactions to being cold. Still, they were subtle, and a quick glance at the onscreen chat log showed that none of the other viewers had noticed. Amelia had to wonder if her eyes, interpreted by a desperate mind, weren't playing tricks on her.

That's when a message appeared under the $10K donation goal meter, accompanied by a small ding, and K1tsudon jumped in surprise. "Oh! T-thank you for the fifteen dollar donation... 'A Tall Glass of Iced Tea'? Oh, that's like the last thing I need right now..." Her legs crossed tighter and she bounced more overtly, all but confirming Amelia's theory.

And now she wasn't the only one who had noticed. The chat soon exploded with reactions of all shapes and sizes; some even included words and sentences, instead of just emojis. "woah, looks like someone has been searching a bit too long"

"are we gonna have to turn off the stream to give you some alone time"

"I might have to sub for stuff like this"

"ooh, is this a repeat of the cutscene incident?"

"Hey, that wasn't my fault! The cutscene went on for over an hour, and I didn't know if pressing Start would pause it or skip it! Speaking of, of course I love you all for watching and subbing, but could you please stop clipping that moment?" With every second this conversation continued, she seemed to grow more and more agitated. "B-but that's not what this is! It's just cold up here, you know!"

"Why's she so antsy about it," Chelshia questioned. "She can go wherever and whenever she wants. Or is she just too afraid we're gonna beat her to slow down?"

"She's got a camera on, Chel. She can't just pull down her pants and show everyone."

"She can turn the camera off! It's gotta be better than holding that much pee."

"Most girls have a bit more shame about this sort of thing than you, Chel. Plus, she's probably an indoors girl, making her living playing video games, so she might not even know how to pee outside." Amelia wisely kept her own past on this matter to herself, where she only researched how to pop a squat outdoors online after an embarrassing incident in her early teen years.

Finally pulling herself away from the screen and giving Amelia back her personal space, Chelshia transitioned right back to mountain climbing. "Well, if she isn't going to take a break, then we have to keep moving! Or she might beat us to the top, and then we don't get that pizza!" And with that, the chimera sprinted off, almost like she didn't have a heavy golem arm to weigh her down.

Perhaps Amelia just had something heavier to carry. After all, her bladder felt as weighty as rock, and as her wings coiled around her torso once more, it seemed to jut out from her belly ever-so-slightly with the unyielding firmness of stone as well. It wasn't unbearable just yet, but Amelia still walked with a slight waddle more befitting of a penguin.

"Ugh...gimme a break here, Chel..." Groaning, the harpy did what she could to follow in her friend's footsteps. Quite literally, as she didn't want to trod her talons through the snow and slow herself down. Not exactly an easy task, when she could hardly stand to take the same far steps as Chelshia, meaning each foot forward was a brief open path from her bladder out to the frigid air. For now, it meant nothing, but she could see the eventual repercussions inherent in pushing her luck in just this fashion.

But what was she going to do? Despite her unquenchable drive to climb, Chelshia wouldn't say no if Amelia asked for a potty break. That was always an option, but...Amelia was hesitant. The Sea Spiders had been like a family, which was nice, but it also meant years of familial teasing. Aside from being the butt of several remarks regarding the harpy's "female bodily inequities", there had been some mocking regarding her being the one most often needing the little monster girl's room. It wasn't her fault, when Pacifica could just go in the water, Anchovi didn't need to pee, and Mimi...well, no one knew how Mimi did it. The only one she could compete with on an even playing field was Serpantina, and she'd lose that battle. Bottom line, Amelia's bladder had been gently ridiculed for some time.

Now that the pirates had a new captain in Chelshia, Amelia has sworn to be a new bird. No longer would her fluid retention rate cause her grief! If only Chelshia hadn't proven to be an unbeatable metric on that front. Truthfully, it was a little humiliating to have to go over the side of the boat more than five times as often as her friend, but it was softened by Bernadette being no better. Here, where a chimera with an ocean of a bladder was her only comparison? A chimera who had not once made even the slightest hint of being even the tiniest bit desperate since they made landfall? When she had last done her business a day before? Amelia felt inadequate.

So that meant it was simply impossible to wait for Chelshia to pee and tag along then. What else? There wasn't going to be a civilized rest stop up here for her to rush inside and "clean her feathers", that's for sure. Maybe the opportunity for the two to split up for some reason would arise. Maybe desperation would hit Chelshia out of nowhere like a punch from her own arm, and she'd have little choice but to drop trou then and there.

"Guess I have no choice but to wait it out. I'm sure I'll think of something sooner or later."

###

One hour later, the two monster girls had significantly increased their altitude. Amelia had since grown numb to the cold, she wouldn't be able to effectively fly with the air so thin, yet she had a white-hot furnace burning within that kept her engine running.

She had thought of nothing, nothing that would permit her to relieve herself. And they were still nowhere close to the summit, where they assumed the tablet would be. Amelia had to face facts: "There's no way I'm getting up there and back down." She was going to have to pee soon. Shame there was still no place to duck behind for a little much-needed privacy.

Unfortunate as it was, that meant the mountain would soon be graced by a half-nude harpy out in the open, because not having a wall for concealment now meant she wasn't getting any for the deed she'd be performing. Chancing it for something better later could just as easily, almost guaranteed, lead to a pair of very wet shorts. In this climate, that almost definitely meant frostbite, a fate far worse than a little embarrassment.

"Squawk!" A squeal like that could have only been caused by one thing: a sudden spurt of pee in her pants, a hundred times warmer than every other inch of skin on her body. If she thought she had even a little time left, that hope was now gone. Drastic measures were necessary. "Hey, Chel..."

The gap between the two had widened, but as soon as she heard her name, Chelshia came to a halt and turned back. "Yeah, what is it?"

"I-I think I finally need to stop. You know...to pee..." Despite knowing this was the best option available to her, Amelia still had trouble actually saying it.

Chelshia said nothing. She just silently looked over Amelia, mostly hidden under her wings, with piercing, curious eyes. She stared so long that Amelia swore she felt her not-so-little bladder bulge protrude even further by the time it was over. Yet, even though she anxiously anticipated the response, it was still a surprise when the chimera spoke, a shock big enough that Amelia spurted in her shorts again. "Wow, that sprung up out of nowhere, didn't it?"

Were it anyone else, Amelia would have assumed Chelshia was being sarcastic. After all, while she had said nothing up until now, she had not been subtle about her need, anyone who looked at her with even a hint of a critical eye would be able to tell she was on the verge of wetting herself, and she had been like that for a while now. The only reason Amelia didn't assume that interpretation was because she knew Chelshia to be a precious, good-natured idiot.

She could tell this, because Chelshia kept looking at her with a blank stare and empty smile. "Er...I really can't hold it any longer, so...I'm gonna have to go right here."

"Well, I'm not gonna stop you! Trust me, it's really awful waiting too long to pee. Don't worry, I'm pretty sure we're still gonna win the race."

That's exactly what she expected to hear. "Yeah, but...could you turn around, at least? It's a lot easier for me to go when I'm not being watched."

"Huh? But you went on the boat just fine."

"When I had to! Just...please don't look, okay? It'll be a lot quicker that way." At this point, Amelia had given up on using her wings to keep herself warm, and she had instead shoved the solid appendages at their tips hard against her crotch, stepping in place as she bit the corner of her bottom lip.

"Okay then. I still don't get why you're so nervous." Chelshia turned back around, looking up the mountain like there was anything to look at.

Well, she had privacy. Some, at least, yet Amelia still felt uneasy. Even as her frantic potty dance continued so pitifully, she couldn't bring herself to remove her wings from between her legs. Granted, part of that was a fear that the tsunami would come as soon as she took them off, but she couldn't say shyness wasn't also a factor.

"Eep!" Then her feathers were showered with something hot soaking through her tight shorts, reminding her that now was not the time to dawdle. It was a bit difficult to be precise with a lack of individual digits at the ends of her wings, but Amelia shot her hands onto the shorts' constricting waistband, pushing with all the muscle she had built up to fly with those arms to get the pants off. It'd be easier if she had more than a single digit on each hand to hook around the shorts, because as she was now, she kept applying too much force with no leverage and slipping off. "Ah! C-come on, you stupid-"

That's when she succeeded, popping the waistband past her big butt with a jiggle, suddenly exposing all her lower bits into open view. And, while her shorts provided little protection from the elements already, especially with a rapidly-freezing wet spot in the worst possible place, the temperature shock once she had stripped was jarring. All of a sudden, a below-freezing wind could blow over her avian unmentionables, something so appallingly unpleasant that she almost pulled her pants back up for some semblance of warm cover.

The only reason she didn't follow through was her preexisting mission, one that had not let up on its urgency. Tensing her talons, Amelia spread her knees shoulder-width and squatted low, low enough that her butt indented the snow blanket that reached up past her ankles. Ordinarily, this proximity to something literally freezing cold would have caused her to recoil. But she was just too desperate to back off now.

As such, it wasn't long before the spout was activated, and a faucet of dark yellow fluids began spraying from the harpy's monster girlhood. She had been holding it in for so long, the mass of urine had ample time to ripen, making it all the thicker and heavier when it gushed out. The temperature also shot up in there, meaning the instant it reached open air, steam began rising off of it, wafting straight up Amelia's face. It wasn't long before her vision was severely impaired by the steam fogging up her glasses.

In this climate, a rising cloud wasn't the only effect her pee had, either. Naturally, the process quickly turned the snow yellow, a big dye job in a wide circle a full foot in front of her, the spot where her highly pressurized pee shot to. Then, not only did the weight of the water compress the snow, but the heat melted the collected flakes with more wisps of steam, transforming the snow into a gross, dark, slushy mixture of snow and urine. It sunk deeper by the second, like a black hole of shame. And even outside that pit, a small yellow line of droplets split from the main stream traced the path from her to the massive puddle, connecting it to a small circle directly below her, comprised of pee that just couldn't find the strength to fly. Put simply, Amelia had a lot of tinkle to give.

Most of her senses were either overloaded or numb. Her touch was still half-dead from the cold, her sight was equally as marred whether with her glasses or without, and her smell (and taste by extension) was slammed by the putrid scent of a long-awaited whiz. The only reprieve she had was her ears; peeing into a soft cushion of snow, the golden rain gently pattered in the white expanse. Even as the liquids collected into a puddle and continued to be peed in, the splash was more hollow, the acoustics being mostly absorbed by the snow.

That may have been the only reprieve, but it was far from the only relief. The second her piddle began, Amelia's eyes shot open and her jaw dropped as her lungs were emptied with a loud "pah", further adding to the ascending cloud with her visible exhale. She continued to breathe heavily, her svelte chest heaving especially violently, having no choice but to inhale some of her "vapors". Then, her eyelids lowered halfway down and her upper body drooped forward, limp and relaxed.

That's when the moaning started. In a pitch higher than her usual tone, Amelia chirped out a one-note song of indescribable pleasure. Her voice was shaky, like a bird flying on a gusty day, but the emotion was unmistakable. Each time she returned with another moan after stopping to take a needed breath, it went down another few intervals, yet it was all the same bliss. "Haaahhh... Naaaaaah... Ooohhhhhhh..." As a jolt ran up her spine, she shuddered, more intense than the usual cold shivers, throwing her whole aim out of whack. She didn't even notice. Since there was nothing she needed to aim for, nothing to get dirty, she paid it no mind and just kept going. And going. And going.

Though, when a sudden rustling of clothes began so close to Amelia's left side, she couldn't ignore that. Finally, she gathered her wits about her again, shooting her eyes open and twisting her head to her side. She remembered that being where Chelshia was before she had begun doing her business, so she wasn't surprised seeing her chimera friend. What surprised her was seeing Chelshia suddenly way closer, as in two feet away, knees bent at a 60-degree angle and torso leaning forward. Her skirt was lifted and cradled between her wrists and waist, and in the grip of her normal left hand was a pair of plain black panties, pulled down at the front just barely past her groin. And, given that Chelshia was facing her just so, without any clothing down there, Amelia could see...well, everything of her friend. "H-huh?!"

Chelshia wasn't even the slightest bit surprised at Amelia's outburst. "Well, hearing you pee so much kinda made me have to go too." And she didn't stop, her underwear was down to her knees and stretched between her spread legs, and she squatted. Then, just as she promised, she began to pee. It had a similar distance and thickness to Amelia's; regardless of the percentage to which her bladder was filled, a day's worth of urine was still a day's worth of urine. The only thing that prevented it from looking as desperate as the volume would imply was the uniformity, being condensed and controlled. The snow still melted in a yellow circle, but it looked more casual as it flowed from her chimera junk. And she smiled the whole way through, regardless of the very real fact that her privates were on full display.

Amelia tried not to look. She didn't even want to see those parts of her friend, but there was still some part of her that couldn't quite pull her eyes away. There was something about Chelshia's brazen exposure that she just found incomprehensible, and the only way she could understand was studying it. Was this gap in modesty between them the reason Chelshia had her curious watching habit? Watching her own pee, the chimera hadn't even noticed Amelia's fixed gaze. Eventually, the harpy finally realized there was something wrong with her peeping, and rectified that issue by raising a wing as a shield between the two. That way, she wouldn't be tempted to look at Chelshia, and Chelshia wouldn't be able to look at her.

This turned out to be a pretty unnecessary precaution, because by the time she had done so, her own distended bladder had shrunk down, and was just about empty. Her hose sputtered several times like an engine choking on fuel, making the offshoot drops fly even further from the source, expanding the line between her and the puddle she had been building, a puddle so big and hot that it had since melted through inches of snow, pooled on the exposed ground, and begun expanding to melt the surrounding snow from the bottom-up. At least making a thicker line on its way back meant she was peeing on snow again, so it was quiet once more. Save for Chelshia just breaking through to her own rock below, of course.

Finally, there was nothing but drops trickling down, getting caught on her folds and snaking down her butt, and even that didn't last forever. The final throes of the emergency pit stop lasted a while, but not forever. Eventually, a harpy had to run dry, and so she did. "Phew... It's over, at least..." But, of course, she had nothing to wipe with. And using her feathers for that task, while they would get the job done in a pinch, would just be gross.

"Well, guess I'm already pretty wet." Shaking her rear to dislodge whatever she could, Amelia stood up and gripped her shorts (after a few tries), pulling them back into place. "Gah!" That's when she realized exactly what she was in for. Now that there was no longer rising steam to warm her, the part of her pants that she had wet that had time to freeze, down to having frost on the crotch, was downright a shock to the system to feel. The existing streaks down her legs and the cooling condensation from the steam was also icing over, so even with her body able to distribute energy better without a heavy bladder to maintain, Amelia was colder than ever. "P-please, body h-heat, b-be enough..." Right back to cocooning herself with her wings.

"Hah, that's a lot better." Shaking herself dry as well, Chelshia jumped to her feet, again circling one hand to pull her panties back up, and dropping her skirt and patting it down. Looking down to do so, she got a good look at her yellow snow creation. And, looking a bit more to the side, Amelia's yellow snow. For a harpy's bladder to compare at all to a chimera's made-to-be-genetically-superior bladder, even when only the harpy was bursting, was quite a feat. "Wow, Amelia! Bet you feel better now!"

At this venture, there wasn't a point in being all embarrassed. "I guess," Amelia sighed. "Just promise me this: once we get this tablet piece, we get off this mountain and I get to warm up and bathe." Though the two were talking, still, she found herself unable to look Chelshia in the eyes, and the discussion died, leaving them with nothing to do but get right back to climbing. Yet, Amelia couldn't ignore the cold. Even with her plumed wings as a coat, the wetness still touching her bare skin, impossible to get rid of up here, kept her wildly uncomfortable. Even with the awkwardness still blowing in the wind, she needed conversation for distraction. "How do you do it? Just be so...okay with your bathroom needs, not a care in the world who knows it?"

"Hm? I don't know. I've always been like that. Guess the professor thought being shy was counter-productive for an assistant that would probably need to answer the door, sign for packages and all that boring, not-punching stuff."

"Yeah, I understand why you're not shy. In normal situations. Why does that extend to your bathroom habits? What good does letting everyone know when you have to pee do, totally able to take your pants off in front of others to do it?" As she was asking, a thought occurred to Amelia, and she stopped dead in her tracks, reeling back in disgust. "The Professor doesn't have those kind of interests, does he?"

"What do you mean?" Amelia didn't have the heart to corrupt poor, innocent Chelshia with an explanation. "Well, I told you that story about the first time I had to pee, I'm sure. I couldn't find a bathroom, I felt like I was really going to explode, and nothing I could do about it. And then I accidentally ripped my panties off and wet myself in the middle of town."

"I can't even imagine how humiliating that must have been."

"Well...yeah, it was. But it only got that bad because I waited forever, so now I don't wait! So, if there isn't a bathroom, I just go. It's way better than having to pee really bad, and now it doesn't even feel weird. We're all girls, we all pee the same way, what's so weird about it?"

Amelia heard what her friend was saying, saw the path that led her there, but she didn't understand it. How could one so easily toss away their modesty? There were just certain barriers that a girl should naturally have from birth! "It must be a chimera thing." As convenient as it must be to be so open, and it would have saved her from a near-accident, Amelia didn't want to understand.

In fact, thinking about it, even having this conversation was making Amelia feel something tight and uncomfortable in her chest. "No, never mind, Chel. I just need something to take my mind off this whole thing." Just as she always did when she wanted out of a real situation, the harpy pulled out her phone and looked for something to do. "Oh, K1tsudon's live again. Guess that'll work..."

After taking a few seconds to buffer over cell service, the familiar K1tsudon popped up onscreen. And the first thing Amelia noticed was that K1tsudon looked to be in even worse shape than the last time she had seen her. She was shifting her weight from heel to heel and quickly tapping one foot, her legs were seemingly glued together, sweat dripped down her red face despite the climate, her ears drooped, even her tail seemed frazzled.

"-so, this is K1tsudon Channel, signing off for now. Don't go too far, though, because we'll be back soon, hopefully with the tablet in hand. T-thank you all for watching and d-donating, and don't forget...forget to like and s-subscribe. Follow me on social media...and stuff..." Her overly long farewell, which she must have done hundreds of times by now, seemed like it pained her to say all the way through.

It was no sooner that she finished talking that she hurried closer to the camera, presumably a phone on a tripod mount, and leaned over the top, inadvertently shoving her ample bust into the lens. "Come on, come on, where is that stupid button?" All Amelia could see was her face tensing and upper arm shifting, but she got the picture. K1tsudon had set her phone up with the screen facing away to use the better back camera for her streaming, and since looking at a smartphone screen from directly above on a sunny day leaves very little room for actual visual analysis, she was having a hard time finding the "stop" button on a touchscreen with zero tactile feedback. Clearly, she was in too much of a hurry to walk around to the other side.

"And...stop!" With a pained smile, K1tsudon hit the End Stream button and hurried back into full view of her phone's camera, doubled over with her hands in her crotch now that no one was watching.

Amelia knew this because the stream didn't stop. Clearly, she had missed the button in her haste. The chat began exploding with messages such as "hey, it didn't stop!", "you gotta come back and turn it off", and "I think I know where this is going".

And K1tsudon was none the wiser, muttering to herself as if it was just to herself. "Ohhhh man oh man oh man, I can't believe this mountain is so tall. This is taking way too long, I don't have a choice..." She spoke in hushed tones, but she had clearly spent a lot of money on her streaming setup, because the mic picked her up fine. "Eep! I-if I didn't shut down the stream now, I'd be done for!"

Because of her oversight, everyone was an audience member to what would follow. K1tsudon fumbled with the button and zipper on her jeans, jeans so tight that it took a lot of finagling to make any progress, but she did eventually get there, her button popping off and zipper going down with a tear. That was when Amelia noticed just how close to the camera K1tsudon was; her body was in frame, but no more than that vertically, to the point that her ears were partially cut off by the top of the screen. And, at that distance, there was enough resolution that Amelia could see the top of the streamer's pink panties. They were a light pink, could be mistaken for off-white in certain lighting, but there was enough pure white negative space on the left and right of the screen for comparison to properly ascertain the pinkness of the underwear in question.

There soon turned out to be no reason to carefully scan and guess at K1tsudon's undergarments of choice. As soon as Amelia realized what she was seeing, the vulpin went a step beyond by ripping her jeans down, wiggling her hips to slide them past her thighs step by step until they reached her knees, showing her panties in all their glory. An ever-so-slightly pee stained glory. And then she reached back up and pulled her panties down too, meaning a lot more "glory" for the unsuspecting viewers. The chat was now going wild with thirst, and Amelia saw the donation notification at the top begin firing off way more frequently. A few used it as a more direct way to warn the streamer what she was doing, but even they were quickly buried by those enjoying the show. Amelia didn't hear the alert sound it made earlier, a difference she could only explain as K1tsudon accidentally hitting a mute button in her blind tapping.

Ignorant, K1tsudon squatted so fast she nearly became a blur, hugging her knees as she leaned in close to her thighs, and got right to work doing what nature commanded. Her position in the frame, where little below her feet was seen, meant that the steamy puddle remained mostly out of view, but the golden stream that created it was perfectly shown, as well as the licks of steam it produced.

An entire channel's viewership, one now growing from a couple dozen to a couple hundred by the second, could see their favorite streamer make a gushing river live on camera, a flood of respectable strength for a standard species of monster girl, birthing a light mist as it flew free, all softly pattering as it landed in the gentle snow. The pink slit, highlighted against her dark skin, that was the source. And, to top it all off, her face melting like ice being met with boiling pee as the relief cascaded across her. "Hooohhhhh..." She pursed her lips in a calming howl as her ears drooped in total relaxation.

But Amelia, even as just a viewer, was on edge. The second-hand embarrassment was deadly, even worse than her own pee. At least when she peed, her best friend was the only person who saw, not hundreds of live viewers, many of whom were male, getting a close, personal view of the worst secret a woman had to hide. She almost couldn't bear to watch, but it was just such a disaster that she also couldn't look away. For the second time today, she found her eyes glued to a peeing girl.

So, she watched. She saw more of K1tsudon's genitals than she had seen of her own, a constant faucet of urine cascading from within, where the atmosphere of her splashing increasing in volume echoed across the empty mountain from her humble phone speakers. Of course she had to keep watching, she'd never see something like this again. Yes, that was for the best, but all the more reason to see it now: so it never had to happen again.

As such, she saw when the vulpin hydrant began showing signs of fatigue, easing to a stop in a linear fashion, soon reduced to nothing more than a few little squirts, and then, it was like a desert. A desert that just had a monsoon pass through, but adding no water of its own. "Ohhhhh, that was too close..." Taking a hand off her legs, K1tsudon wiped the sweat from her face with her sleeve, shaking her head and sighing. "Guess I had another one of my 'rushed intermissions'." Seemingly having long since silently accepted that she'd have nothing to wipe with, she stood up, pulling her pants and panties along with them. For a brief instant, she stopped and winced when she felt the small freezing splotch on her underwear, but she still finished the job and buttoned back up.

"Now, I've wasted way too much time. That chimera's gonna beat me to the tablet if I don't turn on serious mode from here on out!" With an extra spring in her step, K1tsudon jogged over to the camera and reached out for the phone. That's when the view began whipping around at a sickening speed, given that the vulpin was simply pulling it back to her without regard; if Amelia wasn't naturally immune to motion sickness thanks to her need to fly, she'd need to avert her eyes.

The stream soon steadied, pointed at nothing but empty scenery, as K1tsudon held it securely and looked at the screen herself. "Alright, how much farther do I have to...what is it doing? Why is the chat still open? And...why am I still getting...a stream health indicator..." As she continued to look over the various widgets used in hosting a stream, she realized what had just happened, and her voice became filled with fear. "Oh man, this is a million times worse than changing shirts on the webcam..." The camera began trembling in her hands, she almost dropped her expensive phone in shock.

In fact, she was so distraught, she still forgot to actually end the stream now, and every viewer could hear her rambling soon to follow. "I gotta delete this stream... If I don't delete this stream now, I'm gonna get demonetized... I'm gonna get my channel deleted... This'll get brought up in every chat from here on out... My career is over..."

One more notification pushed onto her screen, the latest in a very long line of new donations, and instinctually, K1tsudon read it aloud. Amelia almost dropped her phone upon hearing it, since the username getting the shout out was so familiar. "Thank you for the five dollar donation, Chimera-meha, who says 'Saved. Thanks'?"

The silence that followed felt like it lasted half the life of the known universe, with no sound but the gently blowing wind. Only when everyone watching was about to die from old age was it interrupted by K1tsudon switching the stream to the front camera, so all could see her face, now pale and colorless, with pupils shrunken and quivering. That's when she closed her eyes and cried out, "No, don't save that! Please, delete it now! Just forget any of this happened!" Finally, the stream actually ended, and a selection of recommended videos to follow it up with slid up from the bottom of Amelia's screen.

That's when Amelia looked up from her phone, and sure enough, Chelshia had pulled out her phone at some point. The chimera also looked up, and flashed her harpy buddy a victorious smile and a big thumbs up with her big golem hand.

She had a million things she could say, or ask, but Amelia instead chose to let it all go, put her phone away, and just sigh. "How does an innocent monster girl like me get involved with so many weirdos?"

