A Knight and Her Problems-an original fiction

Author: Char242

*018*2018-02-08 07:51

Part 4

Lisa had just returned to the campsite after telling her brother and Lizzy that dinner was almost ready. As she sat down on a stump and watched Lilith finish cooking, she couldn’t help but feel jealous of how close Hawk and Lizzy were getting. As Lilith turned around, she noticed that Lisa seemed very upset. “Is everything alright?” asked Lilith.

“Everything’s just fine,” said Lisa, a hint of irritation in her voice. “They told me to go on ahead and that they will be here shortly.”

Unconvinced by Lisa’s response Lilith said, “We both know that I can tell when you’re lying so just tell me what’s going on.”

“If you must know, when I found Lizzy and Hawk, they were sparring and then they fell down a hill. When I went to go check on them, I heard something about a bet and then I saw them kissing.”

“Well that’s a relief,” said Lilith. Just as she said it, Lisa shot Lilith a hateful glance since she thought that Lilith could at least be more supportive of her incestuous feelings towards Hawk. Lilith realizing what was going on quickly clarified her remark. “What I mean is it’s good that the whole river incident didn’t negatively impact their friendship like Hawk was concerned about. As for what you saw, I’m sure that the kiss was just a prize and meant nothing more to Lizzy.”

“I’m not so sure,” responded Lisa. “They kissed twice. Hawk kissed her the first time and then Lizzy kissed him the second time. I honestly don’t know what to think anymore.”

“What type of kiss was it?” asked an intrigued Lilith as she walked over to Lisa. “There are different types of kisses.” She proceeded to lean down and before Lisa could resist, pressed her lips to hers. As their lips parted, Lilith asked, “Was it a kiss like that?”

“I think the first one was,” said a blushing Lisa, her arm covering her mouth to prevent another kiss. Suddenly Lilith grabbed both of Lisa’s arms and held them above her head so that she would not be able to resist. As Lilith leaned in closer, Lisa screamed “DON’T YOU EVEN THINK ABOUT IT!” But it was too late. In opening her mouth to speak, she unwittingly gave Lilith the opportunity to kiss her again. This time she could feel Lilith’s tongue inside her mouth playfully dancing with her own. Lisa tried to resist at first, but Lilith’s kissing skills forced her into submission.

As Lilith removed her lips from Lisa’s, she asked, “Was the second kiss something like that?” Lilith watched in amusement as a flushed Lisa panted for air.

“I think so,” said Lisa, wiping a little bit of drool from the side of her mouth. She then stood up, grabbed Lilith by the collar of her shirt, and with one fist clenched said, “If you ever do something like that to me again I will beat you to a bloody pulp.” Lilith playfully raised her hands in submission and backed away as Lisa released her. Lisa then began walking back towards the trees.

“Where are you heading?” asked Lilith.

“Nature’s calling,” replied Lisa. “Just stay here and wait for the others. I’ll be back shortly.” As she walked away from the campsite, she touched her lips and thought about how great it would be if her brother would kiss her like that.

###

As soon as Lisa thought that she had made it far enough away from camp, she walked over to a tree and leaned against it. She slowly began to pull down her pants and underwear and then lowered herself into a squatting position. Within seconds, a small trickle came from underneath her. As the droplets hit the ground, Lisa began to think about the monstrous stream that Lizzy had used when she pissed in Hawk’s face. While Lisa did believe that it was an accident, she also thought that she had seen what had looked like excitement on her brother’s face immediately following the incident. It was then that she came up the notion that Hawk liked getting pissed on by women. As she looked down at her tiny stream, she said, “There is no way I could beat Lizzy with a stream like this.”

Lisa then pinched off her stream, and using her hands, she spread her labia. Then she restarted her stream. This time the stream went forward only a couple of inches and was nothing more than a light drizzle. She stopped once more and placed one of her hands down on the ground while using the other to spread her labia. Lisa began to lean back while pushing her pelvis forward. Then with great force, she restarted her stream and this time managed to hit a distance a foot and a half away. This time her stream was strong enough to drill a small hole in the dirt. She smiled as she began to imagine that the piss soaked dirt was her brother. She could imagine him saying things like “Please give me more.” and “You do it way better than Lizzy.”

Suddenly she was snapped back to reality as her stream began to die out, forcing her to make adjustments so that she wouldn’t piss on herself. As she finished up, she reached into her pockets for something to wipe with but realized that she had nothing to use. Taking a quick look around, she noticed a small plant within arm’s reach which looked to have soft leaves. Grabbing a couple of the leaves, she noticed how oily yet soft they felt. Not thinking much of it, she used the leaves to wipe away the few remaining drops and tossed the leaves away. She then stood up, pulled up her pants, and began making her way back to the campsite, completely unaware of the huge mistake she had just made.

###

By the time Lisa got back to the campsite, Hawk and Lizzy were already there. The first thing Lisa noticed was that Lizzy was wearing Hawk’s shirt. While it did bother her a bit, she assumed Lizzy must have torn her shirt in the sparring match or during the fall down the hill and that Hawk, being the good guy that he is, had given her his shirt. Lisa then noticed that Lilith was checking Lizzy’s reflexes and asking questions.

“When did you first notice the numbness in your legs and your inability to stand?” questioned Lilith.

“It was a little before Lisa came to get us for dinner,” replied Lizzy. “Shortly after that my hands began shaking uncontrollably. What the hell is going on?”

“My best guess is that you are experiencing side effects from the snake bite,” said Lilith. She then walked over to her bag and removed a small journal. “Just give me a second and I should have some answers for you.” Just as she found the page she was looking for, Hawk yanked the journal from her hands.

“Because you failed to tell us about any possible side effects of the snake bit, I think should be the one to read the journal so that there aren’t any more surprises,” said Hawk. As he looked at the writing on the page, he realized that it was written in a language he couldn’t read. “What the hell language is this?”

“It’s the language of my people,” replied Lilith as she grabbed the book back. “Now according to the information collected on these types of snake bites, the most common side-effects are: numbness or inability to move one’s limbs, vomiting, fever, and hallucinations. In some rare cases, the toxin can increase one’s sexual desires as well.” Lilith turned to look at a now embarrassed Lizzy. “Do you feel horny by any chance?”

“Of course not!” screamed an indignant Lizzy. While Lizzy was responding to Lilith’s question, Hawk had to wonder whether the kiss that Lizzy had planted on him or her grabbing onto his dick might have been a result of the snake bite increasing her sexual desires.

“Well, there is not much we can do now but wait for the toxins to wear off. I’m sure you’ll be fine by tomorrow, but for now I’ll give you a potion that should help with the shaking.” Lilith reached into her bag and pulled out a small vial of blueish liquid and handed it to Lizzy. As Lizzy drank it, Hawk couldn’t help but be suspicious of the potion as he did not know its side effects. Lilith noticed Hawk’s concern and said, “Don’t worry, it’s perfectly safe.”

Choosing to believe her, Hawk said, “Alright, but if your potion causes any bad side effects you’ll be answering to me. Now how about we eat before the food gets cold.” Lilith nodded her head, happy that Hawk was at least talking to her after the incident at the river earlier in the day.

“For dinner we have snake stew,” said Lilith as she poured a bit of the stew into wooden bowls and passed the food around. Instead of pouring herself a bowl, she went over and sat next to Lizzy whose hands were trembling too much to hold a spoon. “Let me try to make up for not telling you about the toxins side effects by helping feed you.”

Lizzy seeing the look of remorse in Lilith’s eyes gave in and said, “Fine. But don’t try anything funny.”

Hawk watched with a hint of jealousy as Lilith helped Lizzy eat. As he ate a spoonful of his own food, he realized just how good Lilith’s cooking was. While he was getting ready to take another spoonful, he realized that his bowl was full of chunks of meat, just the way he liked it. Out of the corner of his eye, he noticed that the stew remaining in the pot had hardly any meat in it and knew instantly that Lilith had given her share of the snake meat to him as a way of apologizing for the river incident. As he looked back at his own bowl, he realized just how awful the things he had said to her really were. While too proud to apologize, he realized he needed to say something. “You know Lilith, you may be a major pain in my ass but you’re one hell of a cook. None of the rest of us can really cook so if you weren’t here, dinner would be awful.” As he looked at her, he noticed that she had a confused look in her eyes as if she did not know what Hawk was trying to do.

Understanding what Hawk was trying to do, Lizzy decided she would help him out. “What exactly are you trying to say to her, Hawk?”

Hawk shot Lizzy an irritated glance before turning his attention back to Lilith. “Look, what I’m trying to say is that if you promise to stay out of trouble for the rest of the trip, I might reconsider what I said to you earlier at the river.” As he said that, he noticed out of the corner of his eye that Lilith was smiling and he could see a trace of tears in her eyes.

“Don’t worry, Hawk. I won’t cause any more trouble,” replied Lilith, trying to hide her excitement at the prospect of being forgiven. After that, the rest of dinner was pretty much quiet except for the couple of times that Hawk yelled at Lisa to stop scratching her butt and crotch while people were eating. As Lisa was helping Lilith clean up, Lilith noticed that one of Lisa’s hands was extremely rashy looking. “Hey Lisa, when you went to relieve yourself, you didn’t happen to touch any oily or waxy plants did you?”

“I did. What’s the big deal?” asked Lisa. Lilith quickly reached into her bag and pulled out some bandages. She then wrapped the bandages around Lisa’s hands. “What are you doing?” questioned Lisa, now starting to get a little scared. Instead of answering her, Lilith picked up her journal and began leafing through the pages until she stopped on a sketch of a small plant.

“Did you touch this plant?” asked Lilith as she showed the picture to Lisa. When Lisa nodded her head, Lilith face turned grim. “This isn’t good. That plant you touched is known as a pygmy mandrake root. While not as poisonous as the other types of mandrake root, the oils that come off its leaves can cause a severe rash that may blister.” Lilith then turned to Hawk and told him to grab the vial of yellowish liquid from her bag while she retrieved a used towel. As she threw the towel on the ground, she instructed Lisa to stand on the towel and drink the entire vial. The moment Lisa finished the vial, her entire body began to feel heavy.

“What did you do to me?” asked Lisa as she fell to her knees.

“I gave you a light sedative to reduce the chances of you fighting back while we try to treat your rash,” said Lilith. She then walked up behind Lisa and pushed her to the ground so that she was now lying face down on the towel. Lilith then had Hawk wrap her hands in bandages for her just in case Lisa had any residual mandrake oil on her clothes. She then proceeded to remove Lisa’s pants and panties, despite Lisa screaming at her not to do it. Hawk, Lilith, and Lizzy were all shocked to see that the rash was covering Lilith’s butt and that there were patches that had been scratched raw and were now bleeding.

“How do you treat something like that?” asked Hawk, very concerned about his sister’s well-being.

“Urine is the only known treatment for treating this type of rash,” said Lilith. “You’ll need to pee on the wound.”

“Why me?” asked Hawk. “Couldn’t you or Lizzy do it?”

“Lizzy can’t do it because she might accidentally transfer some of the snake’s toxin now that it has been in her body long enough to come out through her urine. As for me, I can’t direct my stream well enough to cover the entire affected area. That just leaves you.”

“But I can’t do it,” said Hawk. “I just went not too long ago and I don’t have the urge to go right now.”

“I can fix that,” said Lilith as she reached into her bag and pulled out a small vial of greenish yellow liquid. “Drink this and it will make you need to go within a matter of minutes.” Hawk did as he was told and sure enough, he felt the strong urge to go within five minutes of drinking the vial. As he prepared to pull his pants down to perform the deed, Lisa began squirming.

“You’re all crazy if you think I’m going to let myself get peed on,” said Lilith as she tried to move her arms. Lilith quickly grabbed hold of them and proceeded to sit on Lisa’s back so that she couldn’t move.

“Hurry up. The potion I used on Lisa won’t last much longer.”

“Right,” said Hawk as he pulled his pants down so that he would not have to worry about dripping on his pants while spraying the rashy area. “Sorry about this Lisa,” he said as he began spraying her butt with his piss. Lisa began screaming as the warmth of Hawk’s piss began spreading around her butt, simultaneously irritating some off the spots that she had scratched raw.

“PLEASE STOP!” she screamed, tears of pain and embarrassment running down her eyes as she did her best to turn her head to face Hawk. When Hawk saw the pained look on her face, he pinched off his stream.

“What the hell are you doing?” screamed Lilith looking at Hawk. “You need to keep treating the area. If we don’t treat it now and it gets infected, the situation could become a lot more dangerous. Man up and finish what you started.”

Hawk knew that Lilith was right. He began to remember the stories his father used to tell him about how infection could be just as deadly as being run through with a sword. With new found determination, he resumed his stream, making sure to spray every inch of Lisa’s butt. As Lisa’s screams resumed, Hawk told her, “Don’t worry, it will all be over soon.” After his piss stream ceased, Lilith told him that they would need to give it a few minutes for Lisa’s butt to dry. While they were waiting, Lilith grabbed another towel and placed next to the one that Lisa was laying on.

Minutes passed until Lilith decided that Lisa’s butt was dry enough. “Now move her to the clean towel and roll her over on her back,” ordered Lilith. While not understanding why, Hawk did as she said. What he saw next horrified him. The area around Lucy’s pussy was rashy as well. Seeing a look of hesitation in Hawk’s eyes, Lilith said, “Don’t worry, I’ll treat this next one. I’m warning you now that it’s going to be painful for her so I’ll need you to try to keep her calm. Hold her down if you have to.”

Lilith, who favored skirts over pants, proceeded to remove her skirt and panties. She then hovered directly above Lisa’s pussy. Using one of her bandaged hands, she spread Lisa’s labia to see if the rash had spread there as well and unfortunately it had, but not badly. Lilith then used her free hand to spread her own labia and released her own piss stream over Lisa’s pussy and inner thighs. The pain of the urine hitting the rash made Lisa start screaming again, except this time the screams were louder and more blood curdling.

Not knowing what else to do, Hawk grabbed Lisa’s head and gently placed it on his lap. He placed his hands on her cheeks and told her, “Just keep looking at me okay. Everything is going to be alright.” The softness of Hawk’s words and the gentleness in his eyes were reassuring to Lisa. Her screaming changed into a more relaxed deep breathing. For just a few seconds, Hawk happened to look up and saw the look of concern and concentration on Lilith’s face as she did her best to maneuver her golden stream to where it needed to go. Hawk closed his eyes for a moment and thanked the gods that Lilith had been there to help.

By the time Lilith was finished, Lisa had passed out, her head still being cradled in Hawk’s lap. Lilith couldn’t help but notice that Lizzy had been watching the entire scene play out with almost an animal like hunger in her eyes. Lizzy had had her hands between her legs, her fists clenched so tightly that her knuckles were almost white. Even though Lizzy was wearing Hawk’s borrowed shirt made of slightly thicker material, Lilith could see her nipples slightly sticking out. She had also noticed that Lizzy’s breathing had been heavier and more fast paced than usual and her face was an almost erotic shade of red, made almost more erotic by the way she was biting her lower lip.

The moment that Hawk turned his head around to face Lizzy he knew that something was off. He gently placed Lisa’s head on the towel as he got up and walked over to Lizzy. Not really thinking of how embarrassing it might be for her, Hawk placed his forehead against hers, just as his mother had done for him when he got sick during his childhood days. “You’re burning up,” said Hawk. Before he could ask Lilith what they should do to help her, Lizzy fell forward. As Hawk caught her, he realized that she too was no longer conscious.

“It looks like she’s suffering another one of the snake bite’s side effects. Take her into the tent and place a cold wet cloth on her forehead. I’ll start making a medicine to bring her fever down,” said Lilith. As Hawk picked up Lizzy and carried her to the tent, Lilith couldn’t help but think to herself that this was going to be a very long night.

$

*022*2018-02-09 19:48

Whike it sounds like an interesting opportunity, i would need to know more about what the game would look like and how my characters would be used before i can make my decision.

*023*2018-02-12 10:31

Part 5

Following Lizzy’s collapse, Hawk carried her into one of the tents and placed a cold cloth on her forehead like Lilith had ordered him to do. As he placed a blanket over her, he couldn’t help thinking what a crazy day it had been. He then exited the tent to help take care of the also unconscious Lisa. “What are we supposed to do with Lisa?” asked Hawk.

“Wrap her in a soft blanket and carry her to one of the other tents and lay her on her side.” responded Lilith as she began carefully removing the bandages she had placed on her hands so as to avoid being contaminated by any of the mandrake root’s oil that might have still been on Lisa’s clothes.

“Alright,” said Hawk as he wrapped his sister in the softest blanket they had and carried her into her own tent. He then gently put her down on her side and ran his fingers through her short brownish red hair. “Everything’s going to be alright now,” he whispered before exiting the tent. The moment he left the tent he noticed that Lilith was beginning work on the medicinal powder that would help with Lizzy’s fever. “Is there anything else I can do?”

“Sure. Take the pot we used during dinner and wash it down by the river and bring it back with as much water as it can carry. We will then put the clothes and towels in the water and boil away any oils that might be on them.”

“Got it,” said Hawk as he grabbed the large pot and carried it off to the river.

Minutes after Hawk left, Lilith finished making the powder. She then heard moaning coming from inside Lizzy’s tent. As she entered the tent, she saw that Lizzy was awake and breathing heavily. “Tell me what your feeling,” said Lilith as she crawled over to Lizzy and sat down beside her.

“My entire body feels like it’s on fire and I’m sweating bad,” whined Lizzy, her discomfort becoming more and more noticeable.

“This medicine should help deal with the fever. As for the sweating, it might be better to strip you down a bit to help cool you off,” said Lilith as she handed Lizzy the medicine. After Lizzy finished the medicine, Lilith helped her strip down, revealing that she was not wearing underwear. While Lilith thought about teasing her for this, she ultimately decided that it wasn’t the right time to do so. As Lilith grabbed the shirt that Hawk had lent Lizzy she said, “I’ll just give this back to Hawk.”

“No!” screamed Lizzy as she sat up and yanked the shirt out of Lilith’s hands. She then noticed the confused look on Lilith’s face. “There’s no need to do that. I’ll return it to him after I wash it.”

“Okay, I’ll just leave it here then,” said Lilith, having realized Lizzy had grown an attachment to the shirt and possibly to its wearer. “I’ll come back in to check on you in a little bit.” As she exited the tent, Hawk was just returning from the river.

As he set the pot down, he looked at Lilith and asked, “How is Lizzy doing?”

“She’s awake right now. I gave her the medicine so the fever should go down soon,” said Lilith as she took the pot and set it above the fire she had used to cook dinner. “Now I need you to take another pot down to the river and collect water so that we can wash the sweat off her body.” Hawk did as he was told and set off once again for the river. As soon as he was gone, Lilith carefully grabbed the towels, clothing, and bandages that might have been exposed to the mandrake root’s oil and threw them into the large pot the moment the water began boiling.

A short while later, Hawk came back with the second pot of water and once again set it down. “The last thing I need for you to do is to make sure this fire keeps going,” ordered Lilith as she grabbed the pot of cold water and a cloth before making her way back into Lizzy’s tent.

As Hawk began stoking the fire, he said to himself “I’m sure glad that Lilith is here.”

###

The moment Lilith entered the tent with the pot of water, Lizzy asked, “What are you planning on doing with that?”

“Don’t worry, I’m just here to wipe some of the sweat off you,” she said as she soaked the cloth in the pot of water. “Now just sit up and let me do what I need to do.”

“Fine,” said Lizzy. Lilith proceeded to start cleaning Lizzy’s back. As soon as the cool cloth hit her back, she felt a sharp tingling sensation throughout her body. With each touch of the cloth on her skin, the tingling sensation became stronger and stronger. Each water droplet that ran down her back brought with it spikes of ecstasy. “Please stop,” she moaned, hardly able to handle what was going on inside of her. Lilith did as she was told and placed the cloth on the floor of the tent. She then noticed that Lizzy’s body was reacting in a similar fashion to what she had seen after Lisa’s treatment.

“Wait a second. Are you getting off on this?” asked Lilith.

“Of course not,” replied Lizzy, although the crack in her voice told Lilith otherwise. When Lizzy saw that Lilith was not buying it, she decided to tell the truth. “Fine, you’re right. But it’s not what you think. My body is reacting on its own. I don’t have control of it. It must be that increase in sexual desire effect that you told me could happen as a result of the snake bite.”

“I highly doubt that. That side effect was a lie. What your feeling right now is actually a side effect of the potion I gave you to stop your trembling,” replied Lilith.

“Why would you do something like that?”

“The moment I saw the trembling side-effect from the snake bite, I knew I was going to have to give you a potion. However, I also knew that one of the potion’s ingredients can be used as an aphrodisiac and that there was a possibility that it might increase your sexual desires. I also knew that Hawk would be mad if he knew that I was going to give you a potion with this potential side effect so I came up with the snake bite as an excuse for any increase in horniness that you might have incurred as a result of drinking the potion.”

“If I had known that I never would have drunken it,” screamed Lizzy, her voice becoming ever louder. Realizing that Lizzy’s loud voice might alert Hawk, Lilith quickly wrapped her hands around Lizzy’s mouth. “Mmmmmmfff,” cried Lizzy as she struggled to get Lilith’s hands off her mouth.

“Shut up!” whispered Lilith harshly. “If Hawk finds out, I’m done for.” Realizing what Lilith was saying was true, Lizzy calmed down enough that Lilith was able to remove her hands from her mouth. “Just for the record, I didn’t lie to you to be cruel. I did it because I knew that if I told you about the potential side effects that you wouldn’t drink the potion and that the trembling would get far worse before it could get better. Please don’t tell Hawk.”

“I won’t,” said Lizzy. “But you need to fix this now.”

“I can do that but you won’t like it. Just try to stay quiet okay.” Before Lizzy could ask Lilith what she meant by that, Lilith grabbed Lizzy in a tight embrace from behind and began fondling Lizzy’s breasts.

“WHAT DO YOU THINK YOU’RE DOING! PLEASE STOP!” Lizzy loudly whispered. She could feel Lilith’s hands caressing her nipples in a way that was far more skillful than what Lisa had done to her earlier at the river. If Lilith washing her back had only brought on spikes of ecstasy, what she was doing to her now was creating a series of ecstasy explosions. Within less than a minute, she could no longer find the words to speak, her words now being replaced by the moans she was working so hard to repress.

“The quickest way to treat horniness brought on by magic is to satisfy your sexual urges. The moment you finish, so too does the aphrodisiac. I’m merely helping things along.” Lilith then slipped one of her hands down Lizzy’s crotch and began to rub it. The moment she did that, Lizzy opened her mouth to let out a scream. However, Lilith was ready for this and used her other hand to muffle Lizzy’s scream. Unfortunately for Lilith, Lizzy was counting on this and bit down on Lilith’s hand the moment she tried to stifle her scream. As Lilith yanked her hand back, Lizzy broke free from her and managed to scoot away.

“I told you to stop,” said Lizzy as firmly as she could as she turned to face Lilith. By this point, Lizzy was using her arms to cover her bare breasts as a defense against Lilith’s advances.

“Would you rather have Hawk do it?” asked Lilith as she began sucking the blood that was coming from the bite marks on her hand.

“Absolutely not. How could you even suggest such a thing?”

Lilith could see how uncomfortable Lizzy was at having heard such a thing but decided to push her a little further. “Well, I just thought that since you and Hawk are together and all it wouldn’t be such a big deal to have him do it.”

“Where did you get such an idea?” asked a red-faced Lizzy.

“Lisa told me that she saw you kiss him earlier. I just assumed that it meant you and Hawk are a couple.”

“Hawk and I are just friends. Nothing more and nothing less. It’s been that way since the day we met. What Lisa saw was nothing more than me repaying a bet that I lost,” explained Lizzy, no longer able to make eye contact with Lilith.

As Lilith looked at Lizzy’s face, she could tell that there was more to Lizzy’s feelings than she was letting on and decided that the only way to find out the truth was to provoke her. “You know, among the types of people I dislike in this world, I especially loathe cowards who cannot be honest with themselves and have use a mask to hide their true feelings. And if you want to know what I think about you right now, I think you’re probably one of the biggest cowards I’ve ever seen. Hawk deserves better than the likes of you.” Lilith could see that her words were getting underneath Lizzy’s skin. Now it was time to push her to the limit. “You know I’ve had my eye on Hawk for a while now but I’ve held myself back out of consideration for you since I thought that you were in love with him. But since you’re telling me that you’re nothing more than friends, I think that maybe I’ll pursue him myself. He and I would make a pretty great couple, don’t’ you think?”

“SHUT UP! YOU DON’T KNOW WHAT I FEEL!” she screamed, tears beginning to form in her eyes. “Quit acting as though you know everything and that every problem has a simple solution. This problem is not like that. I honestly don’t know how I feel about Hawk.”

“Bullshit,” scoffed Lilith in attempt to push Lizzy even further past her breaking point. “Deep down you know exactly how you feel about Hawk but you’re afraid that by revealing your feelings to him that he might reject you or that you might destroy your friendship. Face it, you’ve just been stringing him along out of fear that he might leave you if he knew you’re true feelings. While I can’t force you to stop, I will warn you that the longer you wait, the more likely a rival will swoop in and take him away. If that happens, then you will truly be all alone.” As she said these things, she actually began to feel angry at Lizzy for taking advantage of Hawk’s kindness all this time while never answering his affections. “I have to go check in on Lisa now. Do what you want, though I suggest you hurry up and satisfy your urges before they get worse.” With that, she left the tent and went over to Lisa’s tent to make sure she was doing okay.

As Lizzy sat alone in her tent, she couldn’t help but feel that Lilith had a point. Could it truly be possible that deep down she had known what her feelings towards Hawk were and that she spent so much of her life repressing these feelings out of fear of being hurt or hurting him that she could no longer contemplate her true feelings? All she knew at that moment was that she was more confused than ever and that thanks to Lilith’s potion, her sexual frustrations were building. “I guess I have no choice,” she said as she reached her hand towards her crotch and laid down on the tent floor. The moment her fingers began to move, so too did her moans of pleasure and ecstasy.

###

While Hawk was stoking the fire, he began to hear what sounded like moaning coming from Lizzy’s tent. Fearing that her condition was getting worse, he shot up and began moving toward her tent. He was just mere feet way when Lilith came out of Lisa’s tent and intercepted him before he could go any further. “Get out of my way Lilith. Lizzy’s in pain and I need to help her.”

“Trust me when I say that going in there right now will not do anything to help her,” stated Lilith as she began pushing Hawk away from the tent. “If you want to be of some use, why don’t you go refill all our flasks with water.” Lilith then walked over to her pouch ad grabbed her flask and her journal. She then flipped to a page of a weird looking plant and said, “While you’re at the river I’ll need you to pick this plant for me. I need it just in case I have to make more medicine.”

“Alright,” said Hawk as he turned around, grabbed his pouch and the flasks and prepared to make his way back to the river. By this time, the sun had gone down and the night sky was now illuminated with thousands of stars.

Before Hawk could leave, Lilith shouted, “Don’t you need a lantern or something? Do you want me to summon a familiar who can light the way?”

“No need,” said Hawk as he turned to face her, his once brown eyes now green as a cat’s. “While I can’t perform magic, my father did teach me how to use my spiritual energy to strengthen my ability to see in the dark.” Hawk noticed that Lilith seemed confused. “As you know, magic is essentially the conversion of spiritual energy into one of the eight magical elements - water, air, fire, nature, light, lightning, ice, and darkness - from which all spells are born. While most humans lack the capacity to convert their spiritual energy into one of these magical elements, it is possible to channel one’s spiritual energy into different body parts thereby enhancing one’s senses or physical strength. By channeling it into my eyes, I can see almost as well in the dark as I can during the day.”

“That’s cool I guess,” said Lilith, slightly intrigued by the notion of using spiritual energy to enhance the body instead of using magic. “Anyway, you should get going.” And Hawk did just that. As he walked away, Lilith breathed a sigh of relief after realizing that Hawk had no idea what was actually going on in Lizzy’s tent.

###

It took a bit longer for Hawk to reach the river than usual, because even though he could see in the dark, the path was still extremely dangerous at night. When he finally reached the river, he knelt down and began filling the flasks with water. As he did so, he began to think about the side effects that Lilith had mentioned could result from the snake bite. The one that had really stood out was an increase in sexual desire. He had spent a good chunk of time since then questioning whether Lizzy kissing him was a result of the snake bite increasing her sexual desires. He also questioned whether Lizzy holding his dick earlier was the result of curiosity towards the art of piss writing or the result of her being horny.

Suddenly, it occurred to Hawk that the moaning he heard coming from Lizzy’s tent might not have been moans of pain but something else entirely. Perhaps something more sexual. As he placed one of the full flasks on the ground beside him, he began to envision Lizzy laying in her tent completely naked, drops of sweat glistening on her body. He could see her face flush with ecstasy, one hand caressing her supple breast and the other playfully dancing along her nether region. He could hear her trying to stifle her moans so that no one would hear her, not knowing that it only made her look and sound more erotic. Hawk could feel himself stiffen as he thought these things and before he knew it, he was stroking the crotch of his pants. He was quickly brought back to reality when he accidentally knocked over the uncapped flask causing some of its contents to soak the side of his pants.

“Just what the hell was I thinking about just now?” he asked himself aloud. “There is absolutely no way that Lizzy would ever do a naughty thing like that, especially when she could easily be caught doing it.” Suddenly an idea hit him. “Or maybe she was doing something like that and wanted me to catch her in the act. I mean that could be the ultimate turn on for an elegant girl like her whose been taken over by her sexual desire.” The very thought served to arouse him all the more. “Dammit! Now I’m all confused,” he screamed as he began messing his hair in frustration. Deciding that there was no use in thinking about it, he went back to filling up the flasks.

As soon as he finished filling the flasks, he stood up and began looking for the plant Lilith had showed him. While looking around, he saw what looked like the plant from the picture he saw. As he walked over to it, he grabbed one of the leaves and thought to himself that it felt slightly oily. He simply shrugged his shoulders and began digging the plant out of the ground all the while completely unaware of what he was digging out.

###

Back at the campsite, Lilith was busy stoking the fire. As she was doing so, she couldn’t help but feel that something was amiss and that it had to do with Hawk. She looked over at her journal which she had placed beside her while she tended the fire. Without thinking much of it, she grabbed the journal and began thumbing through the pages. She suddenly stopped on one of the pages and looked down at it in horror. The picture of the plant that she had showed Hawk was not the one that she needed to make medicine, rather it was a sketch of the pygmy mandrake root. It was then that she realized in her haste to get Hawk out of the campsite that she hadn’t really been looking at the sketch she had showed him. Quickly grabbing her pouch, she ran off in the direction of the river. Luckily for her, succubi are highly adept at seeing in the dark which would make it much easier to find her way. She only hoped that she would make it in time.

###

While Lilith was on a mission to stop Hawk from doing something stupid, Lisa who had been unconscious for the last couple hours had finally woken up. The first question she asked herself was why was she laying in her tent, naked from the waist down, underneath a blanket. Suddenly she began to remember how Hawk and Lilith and both taken turns peeing on her in order to treat her rash. While she hated that they did that despite her telling them not to, she knew that she needed to thank them. As she tried to get up, she quickly realized she was not able to move her body. What was worse was that she was now feeling a really strong urge to pee. Not wanting to piss herself, she cried out, “Is anybody there? I can’t get my body to move and I really need to pee. Can someone please help me?” She waited silently in the tent but there was no response. Minutes passed and nobody came. She cried out three more times in the space of twenty minutes but nobody came for her.

Lisa finally realized that either nobody was around or that if they were, they couldn’t hear her. She could feel the pressure building up in her bladder. All the while she couldn’t understand exactly why her desperation was so strong. She had always prided herself on being able to hold her piss for hours on end when she really needed to. In fact, her personal record was about twelve hours which she had done on a dare. Lisa couldn’t help but think that her paralysis and bladder desperation were the result of the potion that Lilith had given her earlier.

A couple more minutes passed before Lisa began to feel something warm dripping down her legs. The first few drops of piss made her realize that it was only a matter of time before the dam would burst. While this was not the first time that she had pissed herself, it was certainly the first time in years that it had happened accidentally. Another minute passed before she finally gave in and allowed the torrent of piss to run down the side of her legs and pool beneath her.

As she was laying on her side, the puddle of piss she created began to spread upward. Her ordeal lasted about two minutes and by the time she was done, she had soaked the portion of the blanket covering her bottom half, most of the tent floor, and even the side of her shirt right up to her shoulder. While she was finally free of her desperation, she was now stuck sitting in her own piss until someone saw fit to come check on her. She prayed that somebody would come soon for while she didn’t mind being wet, she found the smell of this particular piss puddle to be especially foul.

###

While Lisa was busy lying in her own piss, Lizzy was in her own tent completely deaf to what was going on in the world outside that tent. She had tried stroking herself in several different ways and positions for the past twenty minutes, yet she was still no closer to finding her release. As she turned over on her side, she noticed the shirt Hawk lent her sitting in the spot that Lilith had left it earlier. Not knowing what else to do, Lizzy sat up and grabbed the shirt. She then placed the shirt up to her nose and inhaled deeply. Despite her having worn it, Lizzy could still smell Hawk’s sweat from when they had sparred earlier. While she typically hated the smell of sweat, this smell was somehow different, perhaps even intoxicating. She lay back down, once again on her side

As she held the shirt up to her nose, she suddenly began to think about seeing Hawk naked at the river earlier in the day. She thought about the way his muscles had glistened in the sun. Her mind then moved to how Hawk had stood there in all his naked glory as if he did not care if anybody saw him. She could even remember how Hawk had stiffened at the very sight of her naked body, something she had always been told was a sign of sexual attraction. Whether it was more than that or not, Lizzy didn’t seem to care because the thought of Hawk reacting to her body in such a manner was somehow making her feel good. Then she remembered how they had touched each other’s sensitive areas when they were pissing earlier in the day. The thought of her touching his dick and him touching her pussy made her feel dirty and yet she still wanted more. It was as though her erotic side that had long been dormant inside of her was finally breaking free. It was both scary and exciting.

Without really realizing it, Lizzy began to move her free hand back down to her crotch. She began stroking one more, this time all her thoughts were on Hawk. It didn’t take very long for her to finally reach her peak and the moment she did, all the sexual desire that had been building up inside her began to vanish. As she removed her hand from her crotch, she rolled over on to her back, her lungs panting and her heart beating rapidly.

Suddenly she felt the urge to pee. Not really caring if anybody saw her, Lizzy snuck out of her tent completely naked. She then walked behind a bush that was behind her tent and proceeded to squat down. As she let it flow, she couldn’t help but think about how good she felt after having gone through what she had just went through. Of course, it wasn’t until she got back into her tent and saw the small stains on the blanket and tent floor that she began to feel embarrassed at what she had done.

###

Back at the river, Hawk had finally succeeded in digging out the plant. As he prepared to put the plant in his pouch, he heard a female voice scream, “STOP!!!” As Hawk looked up he saw Lilith tearing through the trees. “DROP THAT PLANT NOW!” Hawk did as he was told.

“What’s going on? I thought this was the plant I was supposed to get.”

“That’s the wrong plant,” exclaimed Lilith as she tried to catch her breath. “I accidentally showed you a picture of the same plant that caused Lisa’s rash. We need to treat your hands right away.” Lilith grabbed one of the flasks from Hawk’s pouch and began pouring the water over Hawk’s hands. “We need to get as much of the oil off your hands as we can before we can start treatment.”

“Wait a second. You’re not going to pee on my hands, are you?”

“We don’t have much choice,” replied Lilith as she put the flask down, lifted her skirt and removed her panties. “Now hold out your hands and remember to move them around in the piss stream so that every spot is covered.”

Hawk placed his hands out in front of him. Lilith then moved in closer so that she was now standing directly over his hands. Using both her hands to hold her skirt up, she began peeing what was first a small trickle and then a small waterfall of piss. Hawk began moving his hands around in the stream, lathering his hands with Lilith’s piss. He could feel the foamy warmth through his fingers and felt both disgusted yet sort of turned on at the same time. By the time Lilith was done, there wasn’t a dry spot on Hawk’s hands. They were then forced to wait several minutes for his hands to dry before Lilith bandaged them up as a precaution.

“Thank you,” he said.

“You’re welcome,” she responded back, blushing a little. As the two began making their way back to camp Lilith asked, “Hawk, how would you feel if somebody that you cared deeply for but weren’t in love with confessed their feelings to you?”

“That’s a weird question,” said Hawk. He had to stop a moment to think about it. “I guess I would feel happy that they cared about me that way,” he said with a carefree smile.

“Would you accept their feelings and learn to love them the same way that they love you?”

Hawk was silent for a moment as he thought about the question. “Honestly, I think that would be a bad deal for the confessor. While it may be possible to learn to love somebody over time, I think trying to force a love that isn’t there would only serve to hurt the confessor more than they would be if they were turned down outright.”

“I see, “said Lilith with a hint of sadness in her voice. Hawk couldn’t stop wondering why Lilith was asking these questions but figured he was better off not asking.

###

Not long after returning to the camp, Lilith went to check in on Lisa and found her lying in her own piss, unable to move. Lilith was then forced to clean her up and had to allow Lisa to sleep in her tent. Luckily by the time Lisa was cleaned off, the paralysis was beginning to wear off. As Lilith lay in her tent that night, she couldn’t help but think about what Hawk had said and how complicated things might get in the near future. As she turned over, she noticed that Lisa had already fallen asleep. As she looked at her, a single tear ran down from her eye as she said, “It looks like you and I are in the same boat from here on out. One that is surely destined to sink before it meets its destination.”

To be Continued…..
