Zoe’s Embarrassing Accidents

Author: Chrono

*000*2022-11-02 12:24

@@Zoe was standing desperately in line for the bathroom. Her legs were bouncing up and down, and her mind set on making it to the bathroom. Behind her in line, her mom said, “Zoe sweetie you can hold it you’re twenty now.” Zoe responded, jumping up and down, “I know mom I just really have to go, and if this line doesn’t go down soon I’m gonna be in trouble.” Her mother said, “ Zoe just try and hold it, I don’t need you wetting yourself in public again.” Zoe said, "Mom don’t remind me that was so embarrassing!!” Her mom said, “I still can’t believe you wet yourself at the mall Zoe. Your shorts were soaked and you wouldn’t stop crying. We had to ask that cute girl to help us find you new shorts, and she kept saying she felt so embarrassed for you. And then when we found new shorts she told you to be more careful since you’re an adult.” Zoe responded, “MOM! You’re not helping at all!!!” As she said this a stain appeared on Zoe’s light blue shorts. Her mother saw this and asked, “Zoe are you wetting yourself again?? You’re 20 and you’re about to wet yourself in line for the bathroom!” Tears welled up in Zoe’s eyes as she could feel the floodgates about to open. She looked around for somewhere to hide and spotted a small corner behind some tall bushes. Her mom saw this and quickly took Zoe by the hand and said, "We'll get you back home in time." As Zoe started walking towards the bushes her friend Amanda saw her and walked over. Zoe was jumping around with her hands in her crotch when Amanda asked, “Zoe are you wetting yourself??” Zoe replied, "Yes!" Amanda said, "Wow your mom must really hate you if she makes you stand in line like that for the bathroom.” Zoe responded, "You don't understand Amanda...” Just as she finished this her mother caught up with them and saw a rivulet of pee run down Zoe’s leg. Zoe yelped as she felt herself lose control. Zoe started to cry and Amanda asked her what was wrong. But it was too late. Zoe’s light blue shorts started to turn to a dark blue as Zoe wet herself. Her mother exclaimed very loudly in the store “ Zoe you’re wetting yourself again!!” Zoe looked at her mom and said, "Mom it's not my fault! The bathroom line was too long”, as a puddle started to form. Zoe was so embarrassed that she ran out of the store and into the parking lot where she made it to her car before she lost control and peed everywhere. Her mother yelled after her, "Where are you going? Zoe said back home. But her mother and Amanda insisted on Zoe getting some dry clothes. So they walked back into the mall with Zoe’s shorts soaked and her legs with pee still running down them. They went to the nearest store, which happened to be the same store she got clothes last time. The same cute girl, Mira, was working. She exclaimed “Zoe, sweetie, did you wet yourself again?” Zoe answered, "No, I'm fine! I just really have to go still.” The girl, Mira, said, "Oh honey, you might as well let it out.” Zoe gasped and said, "Then please let me use the restroom .” Mira started to show the way for Zoe, but alas it was too late again. Zoe's bladder gave out and she wet herself again. This time the shorts were completely soaked and Zoe was soaking wet all the way to her knees. Zoe started tearing up as people in the store watched her have another accident. The girl, Mira, said, "It's ok, Zoe, I won't tell anyone. Just sit down on the floor and let everything out.” Zoe sat down and felt the cool tile against her thighs. Her mother, Amanda, and Mira all watched as Zoe cried and wet herself in her shorts. Her mom said, "Zoe honey, you can't do this to yourself anymore. You're 20 years old and you can't keep doing this." Zoe sobbed as she said, "I tried to hold it Mom!!” And her mom said “ But you didn’t! You wet yourself again. “ Zoe looked at her mother and said, "I know. I'm sorry. I promise I will be more careful from now on." All Zoe could think of was how embarrassing this was. How much she hated that her mom and Amanda saw her like this. Her

@@mom said “ well to make sure I’m going to take some pictures of you to remind you of your accident.” Zoe replied, "Please no mom, I don't want anyone to see me like this." Mira said, “ sweetie you’re 20 years old and still wetting yourself, we need to hold you accountable.” Zoe's mom said, "Ok, Zoe. But I'm taking these pictures to embarrass you to make sure you don't pee yourself in public again.” Zoe said, "NO MOM!!But it was too late the pictures had been posted to her mom’s Facebook with the caption “ Zoe couldn’t hold it and wet herself again. This is the second time since she turned 20.”

@@Zoe was so embarrassed that she looked up and started crying again. Mira and Amanda helped her up and brought her over to the women’s clothing section. Zoe began looking through the racks of clothes, trying not to look at her own wet thighs. Zoe came across a pair of jeans that fit perfectly and she asked Mira, "These should be good right?" Mira responded “ Anything’s better then the clothes you wet yourself in”. Zoe put them on and her mom took a picture. Then Zoe proceeded to the checkout. She was trying to act normal, but her face was bright red and her mom could see that she was extremely uncomfortable. As they got into the car Zoe let her mom know she had to peed again. Zoe said, "Mom I don't think I can make it home without wetting myself again. I'm scared!" Zoe's mom said, " I can't believe that you can't hold it." Zoe said, "Mom I'm really sorry, it just happens sometimes." Zoe's mom said, " Ok, Zoe. We'll stop at a restaurant along the way." Zoe said, "That sounds great, mom" Zoe's mom drove them to a nice Italian restaurant with outdoor seating. It was a beautiful summer day and there weren't many other people inside. Zoe and her mom shared a bottle of wine while they ate their dinners. After dinner Zoe wanted to get back home because she had to pee again. Her mom said, "Take your time, sweetie." Zoe said, "Thanks mom." Zoe started waking towards the bathroom when it happened . Her bladder released and her brand new jeans became soaked in her pee. She ran back to her mothers table as quickly as possible. She sat down next to the table and noticed that the waiter was watching her. He smiled as he walked away from her. Zoe felt very self-conscious. The waiter eventually returned to talk to her mom. Zoe could feel her mom's eyes on her as she talked to the waiter. When the waiter left Zoe's mom called Zoe over and said, "I guess we should head home now since you wet yourself again." Zoe said, "I guess so :( ," and stood up. Zoe's mom grabbed Zoe's arm and said, "Zoe sweetheart, I really need to talk to you." Zoe said, "Ok, mom." Zoe's mom said, "So I've been thinking about what Mira said, and I decided to take some more pictures of you in your wet clothes. It will be a big reminder to you not to pee yourself in public again." Zoe said, "MOM NO! Please don't take any more pictures of me!!!" Zoe's mom said, "Ok, Zoe. I promise I won't post them on Facebook again or anything like that, but I think it would be good for you to see the consequences of your actions.” Zoe nodded her head and said, "Okay, mom." Zoe's mom said, "Now let’s go home’s

@@When they got home, Zoe went to her room to change into dry clothes. She heard her mom talking on the phone and laughing. Zoe peeked out through her door and saw her mom putting the pictures into a folder to send to her friend. Zoe said, " Mom? What are you doing?" Her mom replied, "Nothing sweetie. I'm just going to send these pictures to my friend who is having a rough time right now. I thought that maybe seeing your pictures will make her feel better.” Zoe was shocked. Her mom sent the pictures to her friend without even asking her permission! Zoe said, "Mom, you can't do that. That's so mean!" Her mom said, "Sweetie, you can't hold it in forever. Sometimes accidents happen. Now come here and sit down, I have something for you to help you remember this." Zoe came out of her room and sat down on the couch beside her mom. Her mom handed Zoe a small box and said, "Open it." Zoe opened the box and saw two pairs of brand new underwear. Her mom said, "Try these on and see if they fit." Zoe put them on and her mom snapped a picture. Her mom said, "See sweetie, I got you some new underwear to help you remember what happens when you wet yourself." Zoe was shocked and said, "Mom, how can you do this to me? You are humiliating me!!" Her mom said, "Baby, I'm not humiliating you. I'm making sure that you never forget this day. Your accident today has been very traumatic for me also. I'm trying to help you by helping me. I want you to remember what happens when you're careless with your bladder. Now go to bed and get some sleep. Tomorrow will be a busy day for us both." Zoe went to her room and lay down on her bed. She started to cry. She felt so ashamed of herself. She felt that she couldn't go anywhere without wetting herself. The next morningZoe awoke to a wet bed and her mother staring down at her. Zoe could not believe that her mom knew about her night accident and she was angry with herself. She pulled the sheets off of herself and looked at her mother with tears in her eyes and said, "Mom, I didn’t mean to wet myself!!” Her mother said “ it’s too late I’m taking pictures of you again.”Zoe said, "Please mom, I'll be more careful!" Her mother said, "Ok, Zoe. But I'm taking these pictures to embarrass you to make sure you don't pee yourself again.

