X-Men Story 1:Emma's Bursting Bladder

Author: comicman320

*000*2018-01-29 08:14

Hi their Omorashi comicman320 hear and I’m back with another story. I am without a doubt one of the biggest comic geeks around and I wanted to use that to make a story I hope people will enjoy. Also it helps that Emma Frost is one of the sexiest characters in marvel and very easy imagine in a situation like this. As always read and review and if this story takes off I just might make more using some of the sexiest x-girls in comics. All the best

###

X-men story one: Emma’s bursting bladder

If you had once told Emma Frost that she would one day become a member of the very group of mutant super heroes she had fought against for so long she would have called you crazy. At the age of 33 the blond bombshell stood at a height of six feet and weighed approximately 120 pounds. Her long blond hair and beautiful features would turn any mans head, but what truly made her stand out were her e-cup breasts and smooth ass that you could bounce a quarter off. At the moment the former queen of the hellfire club was in her room standing in front of her full-length mirror.

A recent wave of nostalgia had overtaken her and she decided to break out her old hellfire club outfit and see if it still fit. The outfit had always made her feel superior and sexy and that’s why even after joining the x-men she had kept it as a memento of her past and what she had accomplished even if those accomplishments had lead her down a very dark path. Looking in the mirror Emma could tell the outfit still showed off all her best features. The girdle strained against her giant breasts trying to keep them contained and the bikini bottoms barley covered her ass and pussy. After taking a few minutes to admire her self, Emma began to look around the room she shared with her boyfriend Scott Summers.

Eventually her wandering eyes fell upon the picture her lover kept on the desk at all times. It was a photo of Scott and his now deceased wife Jean Grey on their wedding day. Some days it hurt Emma knowing that Scott would never love her as much as Jean but the guilt of almost destroying their marriage still lingered so she did not object to Scott keeping the photo in what was now their room. Turning from the picture she saw that her ass was still being reflected in the mirror and gained a naughty idea. Her lover was always so stressed after a mission and seeing her in this outfit might just be the key to helping him unwind. Smirking, Emma sat at the desk and began to work on paperwork while waiting for her lovers return.

Two hours later Emma had already finished the paperwork and was now lounging in a chair with a cup of herbal tea and a good book. However, this was her fourth cup in the last hour and all that tea was beginning to make its way down to her bladder. At first it was only a small twinge that was easy to ignore by crossing her legs, but unfortunately that last cup had made it grow from a twinge to a full on spasm. Grabbing her bikini clad pussy; Emma bit her lip and tried to come up with a solution to her little dilemma. At first she considered just getting up and finding a toilet but she quickly scrapped that idea when she remembered the size of the mansion. Finding a toilet would take time considering the mansion was practically a maze and while she was searching the numerous amount of male students would no doubt get an eyeful of her in this outfit. Normally she would love the attention but now was not the time.

For the next ten minutes Emma simply sat their grabbing at her pussy and trying with all her might to keep the ocean of pee contained between her sexy legs. At first, Emma thought she could hold out but a wave of agony from her pussy soon brought that thought to an end. The resulting spasms disrupted her control and caused a small leak to seep out of her pussy and stain her white bottoms. Knowing that she was loosing the battle with her own bladder Emma grasped her pussy with all her might and used her amazing telepathic powers to out a mental pulse all through the mansion. The command “sleep” swept though the mansion and soon everyone was slumped over in a deep sleep. Knowing this was her chance; Emma squeezed her pussy muscles with all her strength and began the hunt for a bathroom.

Hobbling along as fast as her bladder would let her Emma searched franticly for the toilet she so desperately needed. After searching for almost ten minutes Emma began to feel her bladder control slipping again and stopped to regain control. Unfortunately, this wasn’t enough and another spurt leaked out her aching pussy further dampening her already soiled bottoms. Emma’s eyes were wide with fear and pain and she considered the real possibility that she just might piss herself.

However she quickly banished those fears and thought “ No!! I am an X-men and the former hellfire queen I refuse to suffer the humiliation of wetting myself like a goddam child”. Gathering her strength, Emma resumed her quest for a toilet and to her joy finally found one after looking for another five pain filled minutes. Unfortunately, it was not the ladies room she was hoping for but at this point it she would take anything that would save her from pissing herself. Quickly opening the door, Emma discovered to her joy that the men’s room was empty and thanks to her mental pulse she had all the privacy she required.

At first she was hoping to make it to stall but the current state of her bladder control made that impossible. With pee starting to leak out again Emma shed her soiled bottoms and made her way to the urinal. Mustering the last of strength, Emma aimed her ass at the urinal and finally released all the pee stored in her aching pussy. Emma sighed in utter relief and pissed without restraint for over ten minutes. Despite the fact her women hood was on display for the world to see Emma was just happy that her agony was finally over.

After showering and washing her old outfit Emma undid her mental command and was know once again relaxing in her room with only a shirt to cover her glories naked body. Hearing the door open Emma looked up and smiled when she saw Scott was back from his mission at last. Before he new it Scott has his lips claimed by his girlfriend and felt every inch of her glories body pressed against his. Breaking off the kiss Scott smiled and said, “well if that’s going to be my greeting all the time I should go on long missions more often” laughing Emma gave him a sexy smirk and said” well sweetheart just relax and ill give you a greeting that you will never forget”. With that no more words were needed and the couple made love without restraint.

