Close Call at the Track

Author: Cupcakes85

*000*2021-08-26 18:01

Finally managed to carve out some time for fun writing; it's been forever! I wanted to write a story for a drawing a did a while back;

$$

...and here it is!

If you like what I've got here, you can commission me! My rates are pretty simple, 2k words for 25$, 3k for 35$ and so on... Regardless, I hope you like what I've got here, let me know what you think in the comments!

Kita was accustomed to feeling tense before a race, though in a manner more akin to that of a coiled spring than anxiety or pressure. In preparation to give it her all, well toned muscles would grow warm and defined, allowing her to feel the power of her body before unleashing it on the field. It was an incredible feeling she'd acclimated to and come to enjoy very much...

What she was not used to was experiencing that sensation down low, specifically, between her legs, alongside a sense of extreme urgency.

Getting settled in the gate, she shifted her weight from one hoof to the other to try and soothe some of the pain. Unfortunately, the effect was quite the opposite. Like a great ball of agony, her bladder sloshed at every motion, the bulging burden pressing outward to strain her tiny running shorts. A quick groan passed her lips as she cradled the swell in the privacy of the gate. The entire thing felt far too overwhelming to have come from the hydration regime she'd been using the past few hours, but it was all too possible the new energy drink she'd experimented with had possessed some diuretic properties... What she wouldn't give to go back in time and knock it out of her hand, this could cost her the race!

At the sound of the starting bell, she whimpered in apprehension, unsure how she might hope to proceed. The horses around her were focused, prepared, and not distracted by things so utterly avoidable... Her status as a favorite seemed tenuous at best given these new circumstances. Ordinarily she was the favorite and a well known tireless athlete... but right now, she just wanted to pee! Even if this was only a practice session, she didn't want to lose any of her hard earned reputation to something as simple as nature's calling, so she made the executive decision to preservere as she always did.

Taking her position, she gulped down a whimper of pain at the intense pressure created by the light crouch. Summoning forth the tireless determination drilled in by her coach, a powerful and solidly built Clydesdale whose visage alone gave inspiration, she fought the urge to pin a hand between her legs. Even as the plumped lips of her pussy rubbed against the form fitting spandex, making her instinct to relieve that much harder to ignore, she remained strong. A little bit of discomfort wasn't going to keep her from winning.

Muscle memory lunged her forward when the gate blasted open, but it didn't save her from the resulting surge of agony. Horses all around her charged forward in the critical first steps, hooves pounding on the dirt, and she used her innate drive to compete to avoid being left behind. Muscular legs propelled her into the ideal position even as a solid mass of liquid weighed her down. It wouldn't have surprised her if the sloshing was audible to anyone nearby, as she felt it with every step, like an ocean trying to bash its way out.

Breathing hard and heavy while sweat prematurely beaded her brow, she made a commitment to herself; she was not going to pee until this race was finished.

While that oath gave her strength, it also gave her a goal; she could relieve herself when the race was done. With that to motivate her, she surged to the front of the pack, teeth grit tight at the pain that came with every step. Though the excercise helped to keep the burden inside, it did nothing to quell the agony of supporting it. Every pump of her legs sent it all bouncing inside of her, resulting in a spasm of pressure like no other at the center of her tormented pussy, and at her pace that resulted in a burst every second. Her urethra might as well have been holding back Niagara Falls for how much every single step hurt.

Passing the halfway point of the track, her entire body began to sweat as she maintained her solid lead, panting hard from the extra exertion of holding it all in. It was a miracle she still had the energy to race, let alone to do well, with everything in her body so focused on one goal. As she was hardly in a position to question good fortune, she didn't bother to. Not even the propsect of victory was propelling her at this point. All she cared about, all she wanted, was relief.

As they came around the final bend, she saw her path almost illuminated before her, as if it had been ordained by fate. Past the finish line, beyond the press, through the locker rooms... A toilet was waiting for her.

Every step closer, however, coincided with an increase in the urgency of her situation. As if it understood that relief was drawing near, her bladder intensified its protests at every step, making her eyes well up at the overwhelming pain that came from keeping it all under control. If she peed even a little before getting somewhere private, it would be documented by the cameras already flashing at the finish line. The idea of such humiliation made holding it just manageable enough for her to keep going, but that didn't stop the pain from making the entire process torture. She could feel her sweat soaked shorts grinding against her pussy more vividly than anything...

In a desperation induced daze, she felt none of the usual joy when she crossed the finish line. Instead, there was only more urgency than ever before. She had seconds left, and she knew it.

Gasping without slowing her pace, she surged past the waiting reporters with only a quick apology, "S-sorry!"

If there was a great cluster of confusion after she passed by, she didn't know, and certainly didn't care. Things were growing more dire with every passing second now, and her eyes were welling up with enough tears that she had to rely on memory to get to the lockers. Heat was intensifying between her legs, enough that she wasn't sure if the sweat and strain was responsible, or if she'd already started to leak. Blinking her eyes more or less clear, she threw a quick prayer to whatever deity might listen as she charged to the doorway. There wasn't even time to adjust her pace.

Barreling into the lockers, she dropped both hands to her crotch and whimpered the moment she was free from prying eyes. Shaking and sweating from more than the race, she dared to hope she'd make it as she ran for the stall. All of this couldn't be for nothing. Even if there wasn't an audience, she didn't want to have an accident! Peeing down her legs a room over from a toilet was not an option, especially for a champion!

Almost unable to walk as her legs twisted together around the hands she'd buried in her crotch, her hooves clopped loudly against the tile for every step, tapping out a bit of a rhythm as she hopped her weight to each in a kind of on the go potty dance. She was close, so close, but she'd never had to pee so much in her entire life. It was the only thing she was capable of thinking of as she took those final hurried steps into the bathroom, her need growing at every heartbeat that she felt in her bulge.

More tears surged to her eyes when she beheld it at last; an open stall, with a single, beautiful toilet gleaming in the harsh light... Relief was so close, she just had to hold it a little longer!

Unfortunately, her proximity to relief and the sight of a shining porcelain throne briefly overwhelmed her, and the next spasm of her bladder made a point to let her know. A hot spurt escaped her urethra and dampened her palms, making her lock her legs together with a cry of pain.

"No! No, no, no, no!!" she keened as movement became too much, the next step threatening her with total and uncontrollable release. Dear God, why now, when she was so close?! She couldn't pee herself here, but if she moved even an inch she knew it was going to come out. Shaking and clenching her thighs together, she languished for a moment that felt like an eternity. She had to go, right now, but it couldn't be done without a mess...

A second squirt made her realize that a leak would be far more easily cleaned than a puddle, and with that, she lunged.

Removing her hands from her crotch, she started pulling down her shorts in a mad dash, tiny spurts escaping her all the while. Feeling the wet droplets rolling down her thighs did nothing to stop her as she staggered into the stall, her damp bottoms and panties sliding down until she stumbled free of both and left them behind. Bare from the waist down, she didn't bother to close the door as she spread her legs and collapsed over the toilet. A thin tinkle left a clear mark of her desperation all the way to the opening of the stall.

Collapsing against the wall, she splayed her hands on the tile as she took the only position she could with what little time she had, spreading her legs over the bowl and squatting just low enough to have some semblance of aim. She didn't even need to consciously open her floodgates.

A loud and euphoric sigh of total bliss passed her lips as she started peeing without restraint, her stream surging like only a racehorse's could into the waiting bowl below. In her standing position there was nothing to muffle the sound, allowing the whole bathroom to fill with the echoes. Her tied tail swished on reflex as the euphoria filled her from head to hoof. Of all the pees she'd ever had, none had ever been this satisfying, or filled her with such raw and primal relief. It was enough to make her moan and squat lower to help it along.

"Ahhhh!" she sighed loudly, quivering as she pushed to help it along. There was no arc in the trajectory, only a straight drop from the sheer force and thickness of the stream aided by gravity. Allowing her head to tilt forward and rest on the cool tile, she whispered in blissful contentment to herself. "I made it..."

"Not entirely."

A voice behind her made her jump, sending her stream briefly to the edge of the bowl and down her thigh before she regained control and got it back on target. Twisting her head around in a panic, she found herself looking at her coach and girlfriend, who stood in the doorway with a pleased smirk. Not at all shy about the predicament, the Clydesdale made no attempt to hide her gaze. Her eyes were all but glued on the still surging stream.

"I was wondering where all that extra speed came from." she teased as the much shyer racehorse got her bearings, pale face flushing as the situation dawned on her completely.

"F-Fia!" she whined, unable to stop her stream at its current velocity. Helpless to do anything but swipe her tail at the intruder, she shrunk down and tried to finish up quickly. Even if Fianna had seen her pee before, she'd certainly never watched her lose control like this, especially after making such a show of herself. It was all she could do to huff and keep going. "Come on, don't look!"

Relenting and moving to the side, her trainer chuckled in the cocky way she did before delivering good news, speaking up to be heard over the still surging stream. "I just thought you might want to know you broke the track's record in person..."

"I... I did?" Kita gasped, so surprised her flow briefly fluctuated before she got it back on track. Time had felt like a blur, but surely she hadn't been that fast? Suddenly she could recall not seeing anyone around her, and how they must have all been leagues behind, unable to keep up to her in the throes of desperation. Taking another breath and pushing to finish up her lagging stream, she sighed softly as the full relief began to settle over her alongside the news. Not only had she managed to avoid an accident, she'd run better than ever before! That was certainly worth celebrating!

"Yup. Maybe we should start getting you desperate more often." Fia said, only sounding half kidding as she mused on the idea. Too relieved to do anything but huff at the idea, the Champion mare blushed hard as she finished up, her final tinkles pattering into the full bowl as her lover took the opportunity to tease her once again. "You look adorable when you have to go."

"Do not!" she replied in a bashful whine, blushing hard as her girlfriend reappeared behind her holding her wet shorts and panties. She'd done more than a number on both, and was more thankful than ever for her spares.

"Now, let's get you cleaned up, redressed, with a story together before we head out to greet that crowd, huh?" Fia offered, tossing the soiled bottoms into a laundry bin before going to grab some fresh clothes. Letting out a long breath at the crisis she'd just averted, Kita cleaned herself as best she could, taking a fair amount of toilet paper to wipe the mess from her light fur. It was, at least, a lot less than she had feared she'd be cleaning.

Yet, despite that, she found herself not entirely adverse to repeating the incident. Solely for the victory, of course...

