A trap & a thunderclap

Author: Calb

*000*2018-09-01 12:14

Hey, guys! This is the second time I post a story here, as it goes with my stories - a translation from the original (Russian). Hope you enjoy reading it. Also would like to find out how to tag a post, didn't find any buttons or text boxes for it. Cheers

---

In a dark corridor, barely lit by the moonlight sipping through the window, Leila woke up sitting on her knees. The window down the hallway was open allowing a smooth draft to enter the apartment and gently blow over young woman’s bare legs. She suddenly noticed that for some reason she was sitting in front of a white door holding its handle with both hands.

Having somewhat alarmingly looked around the place, Leila was relieved to understand that in fact this was her apartment; however her relief was gone when she abruptly felt a sharp discomfort in her lower abdomen. “Fuck, I need to pee! Did I fall asleep on my way to the bathroom?” – Leila asked herself and stood up, pulling the door, but the door refused to let her in.

“What a…” – she thought and tried to open it again, but the door didn’t budge. A cold wind blew from the moon window, smacking the frame against the wall and making Leila turn towards the noise and then she noticed that she couldn’t get her hands off the handle. She tried to release them second time but failed again. She didn’t feel any glue on her fingers, there obviously wasn’t any rope tying her either. “What the hell!” – the girl screamed, unable to get into the bathroom in her own flat, in spite of her considerable need to pee.

- Fuck… Anybody in there?! – she asked, knowing that there couldn’t possibly be anybody – she was alone in the apartment since her boyfriend left on a business trip yesterday.

That’s why she didn’t get any answer, apart from a chilly draft blowing over her slender body, kicking the frame once again. She felt cold, standing in the corridor in nothing but a t-shirt and panties, bare-footed. She heard a loud rustle of trees from below the window; the rain must be starting again.

Leila was now seriously worried. She couldn’t tear her hands off the handle and wanted to pee badly, and her nervousness didn’t help. She pretty much didn’t have a choice but to concentrate on her bladder and to realize that it was seriously full and has been that way for some time. The waves of pressure were becoming painful and she could almost groan from the sharpness of the urge.

- What the hell is happening? – she screamed desperately, pulling the handle and pushing with her legs in the opposite direction in an unsuccessful attempt to free herself from the magic bind.

She soon grew tired of the fruitless struggle, breathing heavily and leaning to the door with her forehead, clenching her legs together and then lifting herself on her toes. She wanted to free her hands and place them between her legs to help her exhausted muscles hold off the large liquid inside, but she couldn’t move her palms that seemed to be welded to the handle.

Leila, feeling ho tension spreads through her face muscles too, bent her legs as the wave of pressure made her feel hopeless for a second. She said to herself:

- Shit… Exactly when I need to pee… Why?!

She felt as if there was a balloon filled with water that was for some reason got stuck among her organs, and her body wanted it out as soon as possible. Leila was standing there, shuddering not only from the draft but also from the thought that she could fail to make it and make a puddle in the middle of her own apartment.

However bad she felt, she didn’t want to give up. Clenching her teeth and making her muscles endure, she tried to turn the handle to the right, then to the left, but it didn’t lead to anything. She tried pushing it and then hanging on it with the whole weight of her body, but nothing happened. Cursing, Leila felt more nervous and tense and noticed that it becomes increasingly hard to put up with her extremely full bladder. She felt muscles between her legs aching, the walls of her bladder were stretched to their natural capacity and caused sharp pain and dreadful spasms.

Leila’s anger turned into sadness and helplessness. Shivering from cold and an incredible need to pee, she moaned:

- What… Why… How am I?..

Leila heard the rain starting on the street, and it made her moan again, crossing her legs and bouncing, trying to ease the pain. Leila was mortified with the perspective of peeing herself, standing there in her underwear and T-shirt, while her svelte silhouette was barely lit with the moon that was almost completely covered with clouds.

Another ruthless surge took over her aching body, as she bent over and settled on her knees again, moaning from discomfort, harshly biting her lower lip. This was too much for her young body. The feeling of heaviness and sharpness in her bladder seemed insurmountable. She clenched with all her body, tragically observing that it didn’t help her one bit, that if she doesn’t find a way to free herself, something awful will happen for sure.

For a moment she was distracted from her problems with the sound of rainwater slowly dripping on the windowsill. “Just what I fucking need”, – Leila thought, having no choice but to listen to this irritating sound.

Her attention was brought back to her hurting body, when she was attacked by yet another surge and – unprepared for the new level of colossal pressure – fearfully she felt a couple of hot droplets of pee leaking into her underwear. Struggling, she almost lost control completely, her muscles taut as ever, but in the end didn’t allow it to become a catastrophe. She was shaking from cold and fright. Leila suddenly understood that her bladder’s torture will make her embarrass herself, if she stays bound to the handle.

- God… What shall I do? – Leila whined, almost crying over her misery, sitting on her knees in front of the closed door, feeling excruciating soreness in her lower abdomen, feeling her pee cooling off in her damp panties.

Leila – a beautiful girl with long dark hair – who was used to dealing with problems at work and university - felt completely powerless at the face of the torture endowed upon her by her throbbing bladder. Cool wind was gently playing with her hair, it didn’t care about her problems one bit. Her teary grey eyes were glittering in darkness, reflecting shards of the pale moon light, that almost matched the color of her white skin.

Although Leila was barely fighting off relentless pressure, she did find one consolation, almost losing her mind to this agony: at least nobody could see this humiliating torture. She knew that a lot of bitches from work would like to see her at this state. Many of them were just envious that Leila had a very peculiar oriental features and a quite a hot body, which made her numerous male colleagues treat her in a special way. Oh yes, all bitches form work would enjoy watching Leila twisting and turning at the door, moaning loudly, because of her heavy over-filled bladder that felt so hard as if it was made of stone.

Leila, broken with tremendous pressure yet again, couldn’t hold another spurt that spilled twice as much pee. She did manage to stop it again with such a strain that made her wonder if the pain was worth it. Her pretty face – now a grimace of torment – leaned to the door that has become warm from her body. Leila said timidly to the darkness:

- No, no, please, no…

The night skies were struck with a roaring thunderclap that shattered the loneliness of her voice. Leila almost could feel the walls shaking from the terrifying force of nature. “Maybe, maybe I… It’s my place, nobody will know…” – a thought appeared in Leila’s head at the exact moment when her thin panties began absorb her pee for the third time, and she couldn’t do anything about it.

And she didn’t want to do anything about it: tired of the agony, she let it go on purpose, shyly looking out the window at dark nothingness. It was raining cats and dogs. Leila was sitting on her knees and - having allowed a few short spurts to spray over her thighs - relaxed completely. Shivering she started pissing herself with a loud hissing noise audible through the rain.

Her cold legs were shocked with hot urine that was streaming freely form her pee-hole all over the floor. She was looking out the window, trying not to concentrate on the disgusting sensation of wetness, but the smell was inescapable. Her panties – totally soaked now – were no obstacle to the fountain streaming between her lovely legs. Leila, feeling serene and humiliated at the same time, timidly unclenched her legs, making the powerful stream hit the floor and splatter the door.

Pressing her cheek against the door, she felt her heart racing from pleasure and residual pain. In Leila’s imagination, not even the rain outside could hold a candle to the wild stream that drenched the young woman’s legs and made a huge puddle, where she saw the reflection of the moon, spying on her from behind the clouds. The rainwater from the windowsill stopped dripping. The rain began to slow down.

---

The gentle morning sun was shining through the crack between the curtains, lighting a huge puddle on the sheet, on which Leila was still sleeping, blissfully unaware of what really happened to her at night.

