Unlikely Mishaps

Author: Coppérnico

*000*2025-02-21 20:55

I made another story... Am I getting better at this? mmm... hopefully. Anyway, be warned. It's very lewd.

Unlikely Miskaps

This is a work trip…

The cool winds of the seashore perfectly balanced the warmth of the afternoon sun, shining on the white carved concrete of the sidewalk.

This is definitely a work trip… So then…

“What’s up Luke? You seem nervous~”

Her high teasy voice asked almost mockingly. He could feel her soft chess, pressing and reshaping against his arm like two blobs of fresh dough.

How did it come to this??!!

“Jeez Marine, did you really had to pull us from the airport like that? We didn’t even grab our bags…” He answered, trying his best to look at the blonde’s green eyes, instead of...

Her boobs threatened to spill out of her small bikini as she rubbed against his arm a bit more, digging into it with her long nails in complaint.

“Aw, come on… We’re just getting ahead to do some recon~ Plus… It’s our chance to have some fun, I’m sure the others won’t mind taking our bags to the hotel”

He blushed, looking away in frustration “Ughh even so, you’re too brazen. You’re going to get us in tro-“

“FREE MOJITOS!! Get yours before they’re gone!” One man screamed suddenly, causing some turmoil in the people around.

“You see!” She beamed, letting go of his arm. “This island is all about fun!”

“Whuh? Wait! I don’t even…” But it was too late, he could already see her tanned body bouncing towards the man, where a sizable crowd was already forming.

This idiot… He facepalmed, sitting on a low wall that separated the sidewalk from a nearby tree zone.

A minute later, two mojitos in her hands, and a wide grin on her red painted lips, she was next to him again. Her hips swaying lightly from side to side as he tried to not stare too much at the strings of her bikini, sticking out from the sides of her short.

“I don’t even drink alcohol, you dumbass. And you really trust a guy giving stuff for free?”

“Haaeeeeh?” She let an overly exaggerated sigh, faking a face of disgust. “You worry too much; the guy said his refrigerator got busted and he’d rather give the stuff for free than letting it go bad”

“Ugh… fine then…but still…”

The blonde grinned again “Okeh~ I hear you, relaaax, I’ll be glad to drink your glass as well, as long as you help me find a bathroom afterwards. Mmm, I’m dying for a piss ya know.” She emphasized her words squirming a bit, shifting her weight from foot to foot, making her chest bounce lightly.

“Wwwww?” He just watched dumbfounded, trying not to stare as she practically chugged one of the mojitos.

This fucking girl…

“Whaa?” Marine asked smugly “I haven’t gone since before we boarded the plane now that I think about it. Plane bathrooms are the worst!”

“Why didn’t you go at the airport?”

“And miss my chance to escape with Luke~? No way!” She replied after finishing one of the glasses, now more slowly sipping on the other, while Luke blushed furiously.

“Then why do you keep drinking so much?!”

“Ahaha” The girl just giggled, putting the empty glass aside and pressing herself against him again, whispering. “Calm down my man, I can handle just fine. My bladder is very stretchy, I’m sure it doesn't mind an extra drink or two.”

“What are you saying now?! Do you even hear yourself?” He covered his face with his hand, avoiding thinking about such embarrassing things.

She teased “Don’t give me that face, I was just addressing your concerns~ I gotta say tho… I am getting quite full, I drank quite a bit on the plane too hahaha~” Her nails caressed her lower abdomen, where a slight curvature could now be perceived. The blonde squirming as her fingers slid over the firm surface. “Ahhh, look Luke. It’s getting a bit swollen, don’t you wanna take a fe-”

“Alright enough!” Getting up, he grabbed Marine’s hand, pulling her while she kept slowly sipping. “We’ll go find a toilet, we’ll go have fun and whatever just, stop talking about your bladder”

“Oh?... Yes Luke~ <3” She sang.

//////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////

Regret…

Could she now access one of the disgusting plane bathrooms she would gladly take the offer.

They had visited store after store, every commerce and even a few restaurants. It sure was fun but…

All that time her bladder had been growing heavier and more needy than it already was.

At first it looked like there were plenty of options, but as the hours passed by and her desperation grew, the things preventing her from getting to the toiled got increasingly crazy.

“Bathroom for clients only…No bathroom…bathroom out of order…There’s people having sex in the bathroom… The loo literally exploded just a moment ago ma’am…”

What the hell was that even about? She thought, now being the one threatening to explode.

Soon enough, the sun hid under the horizon and the stores started closing for the day, and yet, she remained unrelieved. The pressure kept increasing more and more, until she felt as if she had to actively focus on preventing every droplet to escape her overworked sphincter. The enormous mass of liquid stretching her poor bladder until it formed a sizable dome on her midsection, protruding against her now unbuttoned shorts.

Marine just looked at it…it felt so tight and painful.

Its gonna burst, its seriously gonna burst! She focused on keeping all of her pee in, pressing on her urethra as hard as she could trough her shorts, hoping it would be enough to counteract the immense weight applied on her small exit while she squirmed very precariously. The voice of Luke arguing with the cashier could be barely heard in the background of her thoughts.

“Come on! A 15 dollar purchase just for using the toilet is a bit excessive don’t you think? You know there are no other places open right now.”

“Sorry sir, store policy” A disinterested voice replied behind the counter.

“Ugh” He grunted, looking at the quivering blonde “I’m sorry Marine, this is why I told you to take care”

The girls just tuned to stare at him slowly, still holding herself. “Luke… Please…” She begged; her voice strained with desperation.

“Aaaarhg Fine!” Luke complained, already reaching for his wallet and then… He froze, his annoyed expression replaced in an instant with a look of worry. Uh oh…

“Luke… What’s wrong…?”

“My wallet… I don’t have it!”

“Huh?”

He put hands on his head, darted out of the store and started walking around in circles worried, Marine just following very slowly. “This is really REALLY bad. When was the last time I saw it? I had it when we disembarked the plane. So many stores… Didn’t I ever take it out? Uhh… Perhaps it was stolen?... No, I would definitely have noticed… Maybe it fell…? Yes, It must have fallen on the trees when we were seating after you took the mojitos! It’s the only chance. We have to go there to check! Come on!” He hurried her, already facing the way.

“Luke… I-I’m not gonna make it… the bathroom…”

“Huh?” He turned around, trying to grab her hands, but they were pretty much stuck to her crotch. “Yes you are, you said you could handle yourself remember?”

“I can’t!” She nearly screamed “I’m really at my limit…”

“And remind me why are you in such situation again? Even if it wasn’t your fault this still has absolute priority. You do know what’s in THAT wallet, right?

“I know… but…”

“Awww, Riza is gonna murder me if she finds out!” He loudly lamented, pressing his hands against his head worriedly. But at the girl again he calmed down… Marine was nearly crying, she just looked at him with those pretty green eyes, and if she wasn’t speaking, she could see clearly picture her thoughts right now:

I’m sorry. They said.

He sighed, feeling his face warm by the sight, and even more when he thought about what he was about to say. “Alright…” Luke got closer to her, whispering “How about… you tried…” And he blushed heavily “Masturbating”

Marine’s eyes opened wide, her gaze nailing into him. “Ha?...”

“Yes, yes, I know! But I read somewhere that it really helps, okay? It’s like a biological hack”

“…”

Her face reddened, looking away with a shy request: “Don’t look…”

“Yes of course!” Grabbing her by the shoulders, he helped the trembling girl to start walking, very slowly at first. “You can do it!” He encouraged her, “You have a very stretchy bladder remember...?” His own face reddening as well trying not to think about his own words.

“Yes… “She answered smiling softly. I can do this.

His cheeks burned as he tried to look ONLY forward. I can’t believe I just said that! is she really going to…

“Ah~” A small moan interrupted his thoughts. He could feel her squirming on his hold, not only from desperation now.

Marine was really going at it. She started slowly through her shorts, and soon found out... it really helped. It still felt heavy and incredibly tight on her tender belly… but the pressure relented just the littlest bit. Almost as if her pussy was telling her bladder to calm down, that it wasn’t the time to go just yet, her ballooned bladder relaxed, allowing another trickle of pee to fit in.

More…It’s not enough…

Soon, her hand had slipped below her bikini bottom, intensifying of her ‘massage’ as she caressed her folds directly. All to make the excruciatingly intense urge mildly more bearable.

Step by step…

Droplet by droplet

If I continue… just like this...

Her poor bladder continued to stretch.

And so, she increased the passion of her self-play as well. Impulsively rubbing her clit, her other fingers diving between her wet lips as she focused precisely on not drenching anything else beside her digits. Swift shifts to press directly on her quivering urethra made sure she stayed leak proof. But there’s a limit to how worked up can someone get before threatening to…

Cum… Im gonna-!

“Ah~!”

The girl forced herself to stop… Knowing that crossing that line would inevitably end with a very wet blonde. But I need… Getting really close there really aided to calm her overstuffed pee pouch after all. Her fingers went on their mission again, more slowly now, understanding that she had to keep herself right at the edge…

The torture went on, her breath laboured, the world out of her attention, sweat dripped from her chin while she focused on not letting something else drip. Her stance unsteady and shaky as her nethers were overwhelmed by all sorts of needs, only prevented from collapsing on her knees as she walked by the firm hold of Luke.

“W-we’re here Marine!” He said, voice shaky due to the arousal of having her that close during the entire trip. “Now if I can just find my wallet we can-”

“Luke… I won’t make it” She interrupted. Even with her will and her lewd strategy, there’s only so much her ballon could hold. And right now, it felt like it was packed to its very limit. “I can’t…” Another trickle from her kidneys made its way into her bladder, but the pressurized vessel refused to take anymore, her urethra filling up with liquid instead. Her finger, leaving her needy clit to press on the little hole, plugging it. But unlike the previous times, the feeling didn’t relent after a few seconds.

He tried to encourage her “Yes you can, remember, your bladder is pretty str-“

“No! It really can’t stretch anymore! I can’t hold another drop.” A grimace appeared on her face as her kidneys pumped another jet into it, the pressure on her exit increasing dramatically. She could feel the passageway stretching open until some drops leaked past her finger, slipping over her pussy before mixing with her other wetness.

“Ah~” She moaned, pressing and stroking herself with all her might while she flew closer to orgasm. But nothing was enough to prevent the dripping from turning into a steady trickle, soaking into her shorts.

Lifted her gaze up to Luke who stared astounded, his face scorching with shameful arousal at the sight, making her own cheeks burn.

He’s gonna see me… wet myself…

Behind him, a familiar low wall separating the trees of a small forest patch from the dimly lit street. Forest… trees… Words that in her desperate state equated bathroom and toilet.

Yes! She ran between the trees as swiftly as she could, hands still between on her crotch, leaving Luke behind until the streetlights no longer illuminated the area. Her shorts now reaching saturation point and dripping into her tights the dribbles sliding down her legs.

Please please please please! She thinks, trying to keep her overworked sphincter contracted just a bit longer, just so the dam didn’t burst completely on her shorts, oblivious to how wet they were already.

She desperately undid the knots on her bikini bottom yanking it away and tossing it as she lowered her shorts below her knees and spread her legs, squatting in place. Even with the dimmest light of the darkened sky, her obscenely engorged bladder remained the only thing obscuring the view of her leaky pussy. Slimy strings falling along the dribbles of piss as a result of the pent-up arousal. She feels the urge welling inside of her, eager to let her muscles fully relax and let relief hit her like a train… But just a second before… a rustle in a nearby bush makes her gaze lift.

There, in the darkness… two inhuman eyes stared at her intently, reflecting the night skies with an unnerving glow.

…

Marine felt herself get cold in an instant, the fear resetting her mind and body as her heart pumped with adrenaline. The shock shutting her trickle closed immediately as her sphincter along with every other muscle tensed as hard as they could, preparing for a fight, leaving her painfully unable to pee while her urge spiked to new heights.

“AHH!”

A rather friendly looking dog slowly came out from the bushes, sniffing on the terrain.

Oh. She relaxed the tiniest bit watching the dog stop to smell something on the ground before picking it up with its mouth. Wait…

That was definitely her bikini bottom.

No, don’t! Her arm extending towards the animal instinctively, startling the dog, who was now running away with the critical piece of clothing.

“Come here!” She shouted, trying to get up, but tripping with her shorts on her ankles and falling face first into the bush. The branches tangling on the strings of her bikini top.

“Ahh~!” Marine moaned again, the impact bouncing her heavy bladder around, tears on her eyes from the pain, while her sphincter quickly weakened, the adrenaline wearing off as she struggled to get out. But then she heard footsteps, getting closer alarmingly fast.

“Marine! I’m coming! Are you okay?!” Luke called, running towards her in the darkness.

“Wait… no… if you come right now…”

But it was too late. Tripping in the obscurity, he crashed onto the bush, forcefully dragging Marine out with the thunderous noise of tearing wood and fabric.

“Owww” He groaned, opening his eyes slowly just as the clouds withdrew, full moon greeting them for the first time tonight.

The blonde kneeled on her fours on top of him, her stark-naked body illuminated by the moonlight. Her large breasts laid bare just a few centimetres over his face, threatening to fall right onto him as her arms trembled from the effort.

How the hell did it come to this?!!!

His breath quickened, feeling himself getting erect at the sight of her beautifully tanned curves, her boobs jiggling like two overfull water balloons as she quivered.

“M-Marine… Why are you-“

“Luke… I can’t move…” She sounded like she was tearing up, feeling some more dribbles of pee slowly travel against her will to the end of her urethra…

No… not like this... not on top of him!

“Ah~!” Her body fell a bit lower, her limbs weakening while she focused on holding back the flood. If only she could…

Suddenly, she felt something hard press against her naked pussy.

Yes!

She had leaked quite a bit earlier. Surely there had to be just a bit of space in her bladder, right? Just enough to hold it for a bit longer…

“Ah, I- I’m so sorry Marine that’s my -EEEP!”

She rubbed against his hardened rod intently, drenching his crotch with a mixture of fluids. If she could get herself close enough like earlier, it might just give her the chance to hold it for long enough to move away.

This is…

Insane and embarrassing was the idea, but she clung onto it tightly as her last hope for preventing an even bigger embarrassment.

“Marine! What the he-“

Her chest dropped into him; her boobs pressed against his face with the weight of half her body, a nipple slipping into his mouth having caught him mid-sentence.

“Luke…~” Her voice trembled with need. “I need this…”

Her mind raced unrestrained, thinking about anything that could get her going, hoping to get to the edge as quickly as possible. She thought about how he squirmed under her body, about how hard he was because of her, how he saw her naked body, how he kind of sucked her hardened nipple in confusion. All the lewd things that she was doing to this boy she loved, even if she couldn’t tell him that…

What the fuck is happening?! Thought Luke on the other hand.

All of this to prevent her bladder from forcefully releasing on top of him. And it was working, her leaking slowly stemming while her bare ass wiggled in the air as she continued to grind her naked pussy against Luke like a dog in heat. Just a bit more… Marine said to herself getting closer and closer to the edge.

Damnit Marine, if you keep going like this… He thought, putting a hand on her hip. I won’t be able to hold back!! He helped her bounce, grinding against her as well starting to fondle her breast and playfully licking it with desire.

“Ah <3” Her green eyes looked at him lovingly… Luke…<3 She squirmed, the extra stimulation propelling her to new heights… past the point of no return…

Wait, no, that’s too much! Go back “Ah~” She moaned again in desperation, urgently trying to move away as an overwhelming feeling welled up in her. But she had no force left, all of her muscles tired from the overexertion, her knees slipped on the grass, making her entire body fall onto him. Her bloated bladder crashing against him and crushed by her own weight. A spike of pain radiated from the abused organ before her sphincter was forced wide open, unable to contain the gigantic pressure. A powerful gush of pee shot from her with a loud hiss, colliding with his rod, still rubbing against her… and then it hit her…

“Ahhhhhh~”

A lewd scream parted from the blonde’s lips as the orgasm wrecked her body. Luke felt himself crossing the edge as well, not long before warmth started surrounding his cock. Oh God… He gripped her body tightly, his hand rushing to her butt to press her lower areas against him more while she shook violently.

The feeling overwhelmed her as her bladder finally deflated, glorious relief mixed with pure pleasure invaded her body after the poor organ was stretched way too much for way too long. The forceful cascade of pee rubbed on her urethra, extending her orgasm for as long as the stream lasted while she kept grinding on him… And there was still so much coming out…

The boy held her tightly as they both came on his pants; it felt so wrong… and yet so good while the warmth carried by the vast amount of liquid spread everywhere. It pooled on his crotch and overflowed to his stomach, it dripped from the sides and expanded on a puddle on the floor, reaching as far as his shoulders before the stream finally started to peter out.

They were both left panting deeply, waiting for their consciousnesses to normalize and process what had just happened…

Luke took a second to assess himself. His clothes were wet all over, his underwear was soaked and sticky with a diverse mixture of substances… Oh… what a mess… He thought about it a bit more: He had no change of clothes, no wallet, and Marine was completely naked for some reason… Oh boy… Alright… now how am I going to fix this? …

But his thoughts were interrupted by a quiet sobbing, coming from the gorgeous blonde on top of him… Oh dear…

He hugged her tightly, caressing her with as much love as he could… Even after all this… he really enjoyed their time together.

Marine returned the hug, feeling a bit more content with his touch as her fear dissipated slowly… He wasn’t grossed at all by her, if anything she felt closer to him now... Still… she knew there was so much to do afterwards, so she decided to relax, and enjoy the moment just a while longer…

Meanwhile, a small figure hid from them behind one of the trees. The petite girl’s glasses were tilted and her black straight hair mildly dishevelled, her cute side bangs swinging with her restless movements. Luke’s wallet held tightly against her flat chest. Her breathing rushed while her crotch dripped from arousal at the show they had unknowingly given her.

What the hell just happened??!

