The Padded Party

Author: cplwet

*000*2023-01-05 07:37

Disclaimer: All of my stories are written with the help of AI to varying degrees, though I still write the majority myself.

It was an interesting party. the men wearing dashing suits, the girls in gorgeous cocktail dresses, most having loose fitting skirts with little petticoats beneath, and barely hidden beneath each dress, a diaper on every girl in the house. a few of the girls already had diapers that noticeably sagged beneath the hem of their skirt, while others looked perfectly comfortable, and still others squirmed in desperation as they tried to hold it as long as they could before the inevitable accident. The air was filled with jazz music from the band in the corner, and everyone seemed to be having a good time.

Allie's eyes were drawn away from the dance floor for a moment when she noticed all her friends, except for one girl who was dancing closely with her boyfriend, looking at her intently. She knew what they wanted; they wanted her to pee in her diaper! They'd been teasing her about it for weeks now and today was no different. She kept a straight face for a moment but then turned red and put out her hand to stop them. "No, I'm fine," she insisted.

"Come on Allie, please?" said Candace. She was wearing a white dress that showed off her tanned legs. It was held up by matching white straps across her shoulders, showing off her ample cleavage. She wore a pink bow around her neck.

"I really can't, not right now." Allie replied.

Candace rolled her eyes, clearly exasperated. "We're here because we want you to have fun!" she protested.

The other girls nodded their heads in agreement, and continued staring at Allie. "Ok, let me think about it." Allie said, turning back to the dance floor.

The other girls gave her a round of applause and cheered enthusiastically. "She's going to do it!" they chorused.

Allie smiled and rolled her eyes, and made her way onto the dance floor. After a couple of songs, she decided it was time. She walked over to the bar where the bartender was serving drinks to some of the guests. "Excuse me sir," she said politely. "Would you mind getting me a glass of water?"

He looked her up and down and then smiled at her. "Sure thing." he said. "Anything else?"

"Actually, yes," she replied. "I'd also like a glass of club soda with lemon please."

"What would you ladies like?" said the bartender.

"Just water for us thanks," said Candace.

The bartender poured the water and handed it to Allie and the other girls. He returned to the bar to get the club soda. Allie took a sip of the water. As she did so, a man approached from behind her to fill his own glass from the pitcher. She almost gasped aloud when she felt a small wet spot form between her legs. Her bladder was full and ready to go.

"Here you are ma'am." said the bartender handing her the club soda. "And a lemon wedge." He turned to the man standing next to her. "Were you looking for something?"

"Oh, no, nothing that important. Here you go." He handed the bartender a dollar bill and took a glass of water from him.

Allie turned to see the stranger smiling at her. "Thank you," she said.

"You're welcome." he answered. "Enjoy your night." With that he turned and rejoined his group of friends.

She watched him walk away and couldn't help thinking how cute he was, and how much she wished he'd stayed longer. Luckily for her, It wasn't long before he returned.

"That's a pretty dress you're wearing," he said to her.

"Thank you. You look very handsome yourself." She responded.

"Thanks. So...do you always wear diapers?" he asked.

Allie blushed, and looked down at her feet. "Well, sometimes I do." she confessed. She didn't normally tell people that, But she'd never been directly asked before, either.

"Yeah, I know what it's like. My wife is the same way." he answered.

"Really?" she exclaimed. "Is she one of the girls here tonight?"

"No, she worked all day so she couldn't make it. She does however, love this kind of party though. We've been coming to them together for years."

"Wow." She said. "She must be very lucky."

"Are you married?" he asked.

"No, actually. And I'm sorry, but I don't think I'll be able to hold my pee any longer."

"Oh! Are you sure?"

"Kind of," she admitted. "But I guess I can try to make it until the next dance."

"Don't worry, I won't tell anyone if you decide to go ahead and wet your diaper."

Her heart skipped a beat. She hated being teased for wetting herself. She had never even thought of having someone see her doing it on purpose. But somehow it didn't seem as bad now with him reassuring her.

"I don't know..." she started to say.

"It's ok. I promise I won't laugh or anything." He said comfortingly. He could tell it was her first time, and was doing his best to help her.

"Ok. Fine." she said reluctantly.

"Great!" he smiled. "Let's get out there and dance."

They walked over to the middle of the dance floor and began dancing. They stayed close to each other. The music was fast and loud, making conversation difficult, but Allie managed to ask him some questions anyway.

"So how long have you been married?" she asked.

"Almost three years now. I met my wife through chance," he answered. "I still remember the first time I saw her. I went on a hike and she sat down right next to me. Her hair was blowing in the wind, and I could smell her perfume. She leaned forward and smiled, and the rest is history."

"That sounds wonderful," she sighed. "I wish I had someone like that, but I haven't been able to meet anyone since I moved here."

"Really? I think you seem really nice. Maybe we can change that."

"Maybe," she replied. "I hope so. Do you come to these parties often?"

"Yes, every month. Sometimes more than once if my wife can make it."

Allie laughed a little nervously. "My roommate doesn't really care for clubs and stuff like this," she said. "I usually just go by myself."

"Really? I don't blame them. This place gets pretty crowded sometimes."

"Not too bad tonight though," she said. "But I've only seen a few people who look like they might be here alone."

"Well, I'm glad you decided to dance with me. Maybe you'll meet someone else tonight."

A slow song started playing and the man took her hand and pulled her closer. They danced close to each other and held hands. The man put his arm around her shoulder and Allie snuggled up against him. His strong arms felt good around her, and she felt safe and relaxed. She closed her eyes and let the music carry her away. She heard the man singing along to the song.

She opened her eyes and felt something warm and wet between her legs, and realized that she was starting to pee herself. She tried to stop it, but she couldn't. It was too late. As soon as the song ended, the man sensed her distress.

"Are you ok?" he asked.

"I'm fine!" she lied. "Just having a bit of trouble holding it."

The man nodded. He squeezed her shoulder gently and asked if she needed to pee. She shook her head no and told him she was fine.

The next song started playing, and the man held her hand again as they started dancing. After a minute or two, she felt comfortable enough to relax a bit. She noticed that the man was looking into her eyes, and smiled at him.

"You seem very nice," she said. "I'm glad you asked me to dance."

"So am I," he smiled back at her. "And it looks to me like you finally let go."

"Do you think?" she asked nervously.

He nodded. "It's ok. I mean, every girl here has or will do the same tonight."

Allie looked down at her soaked diaper and then glanced nervously at the man.

"I'm sorry. I would have waited until after our next dance if i could have."

The man chuckled. "No need to apologize. I'd rather see you wet yourself. Besides, it's not the end of the world."

"I guess not," she admitted.

The next song started and they continued to dance. Allie felt a little uncomfortable, but she tried to keep up her act. The man seemed to notice that things weren't going well though, and he leaned in close to her ear.

"If you want to take a break, I understand," he whispered. "I'll wait for you if you want."

"That's ok," she whispered back. "I can handle this."

The next song started and they continued to dance. By this time, Allie felt like she was getting used to the idea of being seen dancing in a wet diaper. When the next song ended, the man took her hand and led her off the dance floor.

"I'm going to take a break," he said. "You go ahead and get cleaned up if you want."

She turned toward the door, and saw that the line for the women's bathroom was incredibly long. There was no way she would make it before the next song started. Allie nodded and headed back to the table.

As she returned to the table, she noticed that some of the guys were looking at her strangely. She thought they must have noticed her wet diaper, but she didn't say anything. She sat down on the booth beside Tom, but she didn't feel quite as relaxed as before. She felt the urge to pee again, and she could tell that she was wetting herself while she sat. Tom noticed that Allie wasn't sitting quite right.

"What's wrong?" he asked.

Allie blushed. Trying play it off, she shrugged. "I'm a little tired."

Tom nodded. "I know what you mean. It's been a busy night. Are you sure you're ok?"

"Yeah, I'm fine," she replied.

"Ok then," he smiled. "Let me know if you need anything."

"Thanks," Allie smiled back.

The next song started, and Allie looked over and caught sight of Candace dancing with another girl. She watched them for a moment, then realized that both Candace and her partner were wet. She looked around the room to see who else was wet, and she noticed several girls, but nobody seemed to be bothered. Several of the guys were checking out the girls' diapers, and everyone seemed content.

Allie felt a wave of relief wash over her. She still felt embarrassed about being seen wearing a wet diaper, but she realized that most people probably didn't even care. That was the point of this party after all. It wasn't a big deal!

The next song started playing, and a new man asked Allie back to the dance floor. She nodded to Tom and he smiled as she left. They danced for a while, and Allie was feeling a lot better. She got more confident, and she began to enjoy herself.

By the time the next song ended, Allie felt pretty good about herself. She felt like she was beginning to get the hang of this diaper love thing, and she was enjoying herself. The man offered to buy her a drink. Allie accepted, and smiled as she took the glass from his hand. As she sipped her drink, she looked around the room and noticed that there was only one other woman currently wetting her diaper, when she turned toward the restroom and spotted Candace standing in line. She seemed to be leaking down her leg.

"Hi Candace!" Allie called out, walking over. "be right back" she told the man, who nodded.

Candace waved and smiled.

"Hey Allie," she replied. "How are you doing?"

Allie shrugged. "I'm ok. I'm having a good time," Allie smiled.

"Oh yeah? Me too," Candace grinned. "I've never done this before, but I'm starting to really like it."

"Me too," Allie replied. "I mean, I'm kinda nervous, but I'm really having fun."

"Well, we're gonna be here for a couple of hours," Candace laughed. "We might as well enjoy ourselves."

"Yeah," Allie agreed. "I don't think I could have gotten through this without you."

"Don't worry," Candace said. "It's not that bad."

"Yeah," Allie agreed. " and here I was afraid it was going to be embarrassing."

"Not a chance," Candace explained. "I mean, everyone is wearing a diaper. Nobody cares."

"I guess so," Allie answered.

They chatted for a few minutes, and Allie was surprised by how easy it was talking to Candace. She was beautiful and very nice, and they had a lot in common. They talked about various topics, and Allie found that she liked Candace quite a bit. When Candace's turn came to use the bathroom, Allie walked her there.

"i mean, if i was trying to use it, it would be a little late. I was standing in a puddle back there" Candace said with a laugh.

"No worries," Allie said. "I'll help you change."

"Thanks," Candace smiled. Allie helped her get the soaked diaper off and Candace cleaned up and put on a new one.

Then Allie lifted her skirt to show Candace her wet diaper as well. "think i should change? or wait?" Allie asked.

"Wait," Candace smiled. "It can handle it"

"Ok then," Allie smiled and dropped her skirt, leaving her wet diaper on as they left the bathroom. She rejoined her dance partner, and they continued to dance to the next two songs. When the next song ended, Candace asked Allie if she wanted to join her back at their table. Allie kissed the man on the cheek, nodded and followed her friend. When they reached the table, Candace pulled out a chair and sat down. Allie took another chair and they ordered drinks.

"So, how do you like this place?" Candace asked.

"It's nice," Allie answered. "I'm having fun."

"I know, right?" Candace smiled. "This is great!"

"Yeah," Allie agreed.

"hey check out those two" Candace said with a sly smile. "looks like a little bit of D/s play"

Allie looked where Candace was pointing and saw the couple in the corner. The woman was sitting against the windowsill with her legs parted and her skirt was hiked up high enough for Allie to see that she had wet her diaper under her short dress. Her girlfriend was holding herself, whimpering, and it looked like she had been waiting all night without relief.

"Miss, please let me..." they heard the desperate girl say.

"Hold your pee just a moment longer, sweetheart," the woman said in a soothing voice. "Be a good girl."

"Please..," the girl pleaded.

"You will wait until I tell you," the woman said firmly.

"Yes ma'am," the girl cried.

"That's my good girl," the woman laughed softly.

They kissed while the sub held herself and squirmed. Then Allie saw the domme mouth "go" in a voice too quiet for Aliie to hear, and the girl began flooding her diaper completely, to the point it overflowed and ran down her legs and spread across the floor beneath her.

"Go ahead honey," the woman said, laughing softly. The girl was clearly in bliss as she soaked herself.

"I can't believe that happened," Allie said.

"I know right? That was fucking hot" Candace said with a sultry smile.

Allie smiled back. She couldn't wait to see what else this party had in store.

***

&&

*002*2023-01-05 22:58

{{9 hours ago, itpeeboy said:

Actually a very hot story! Waiting for the second part.. congratulations!

}}

Not actually sure there will be a second part to this one, though i'd figure Allie and Candace will get together. that's the idea in my head anyway. i do have several other stories i've put here recently, and some fanfics, if you want to read some more stuff i wrote (with AI help)

Never know though, maybe i'll pick the story back up at some point. depends on if something inspires me. the art at the bottom of the story is what gave me the idea for this one.

