Adam's Failed Shot at Redemption

Author: CptTickle

*000*2024-03-17 01:52

This is a sequel to a story I wrote two years ago called "Trivia Night Tragedy" 

$/75595-trivia-night-tragedy/

It's not necessary to read that one, but it may help. I've always been a fan of men wetting in front of women and decided to write a story about it. Let me know what you think.

It's now been one month since Adam's humiliating accident in front of his crush Katie. He still hasn't talked to her or seen her since that day. He'd thought about texting her, but every time he did, the memory of his accident haunted him and he couldn't find the right words. To make matters worse, since he wet himself in front of Katie, he's been having having nightmares of that moment, and has been wetting the bed a couple times a week. Adam thought he should start anew, get himself fresh bedding, and move forward.

Adam was wearing light blue, slim-fit jeans a black t-shirt as he headed towards Macy's. It was inside a large shopping mall that was just built that he wanted to see. As he was parking in the mall parking lot, he realized that his bladder was full. After his morning coffee and a large amount of water, he had to find a bathroom first thing. When he stepped inside, the mall was massive, and the layout confusing. He was feeling a constant pinch in his bladder as he looked over the directory in the mall, trying to find a bathroom, but they weren't listed. Adam started walking quickly in the direction towards Macy's, hoping that eventually he would stumble across one.

Adam saw a Starbucks as he was walking and thought either they would have a bathroom, or he could at least ask where one is. Without hesitation, he went up to a girl working there and asked "excuse me, is there a bathroom I could use?" The girl, who was college-aged, pretty, slender with long blonde hair and bright blue eyes looked up "umm" she said regretfully "sorry, but there is a strict rule, it's for customers only." Adam's bladder was full, but not at the point of being painful yet. "Please" Adam said shyly "it's kind of emergency." The girl just repeated "sorry" and forced a fake smile.

"Adam!" he heard someone shout from behind him. He turned around, and saw Katie. There were so many thoughts going through his head. She was beautiful, with her silky brown hair and huge dark brown eyes. Her hour-glass figure on her 5'4 frame looked incredible in her silky white tank-top, showing off just a hint of cleavage, and a pair of bright red, skin-tight office-style pants, highlighting her bigger butt and tiny waist. Adam was excited to see her, excited to get another chance, excited to show her he can be charming boyfriend material. But he was also nervous. The last time he saw her, she was helping him after he peed his pants in front of a crowded bar. And to make it all worse, he had to pee again, but didn't dare admit that to her right now.

Katie smiled "I haven't seen you in a while" she said cheerfully, and held out her arms for a hug. Adam leaned in and gave her an awkward hug, both of them making sure their middles didn't touch. Adam said "yeah, it's been since..." then stopped himself. Katie gave a genuine smile "yeah, yeah.. it's ok." Adam couldn't believe the first words out of his mouth were to remind her that he peed himself last time they met. But he knew he could turn this all around. "so are you getting a coffee?" he asked. Katie pointed to the back of a long line "yeah, I was about to, want to wait with me?" Adam thought for a moment, his bladder was almost painfully full and he needed to find a bathroom now, but couldn't blow this second chance with Katie. "yeah, let's do it." He said. Adam thought to himself "we just need to get our coffee, I'll run to the bathroom after, and hopefully I can make something happen here."

Adam followed Katie to the back of the line which wrapped around half the store. When they got to the back of the line Adam asked "so have you been here before?" Katie tucked her hair behind her ear "no, I wanted to come check it out, it's so big, I didn't realize how huge it was" She said. Adam said "yeah, I haven't even seen too much of it yet, I just got here. But it's really nice."

As they were talking, Adam's bladder started getting worse. He wanted to just reach down and grab himself, but there was no way he could do that in front of Katie. He had to concentrate on just standing still, and not giving away his desperation. He tried to push his bladder out of his mind and asked "so, anything in particular you're at the mall for? or just bored on a Sunday?" Katie's eyes darted around the room and said in a quiet voice "ok, don't judge, but I gained a couple pounds and none of my pants fit. Like, look how tight these are." Adam checked out perfectly round, big, but firm butt. It looked like it was about to bust right out of the seams of her red pants.

Adam joked "I mean, you look amazing.... personally, I don't mind your pants being that tight, but that's just me." Katie giggled and playfully hit his shoulder "yeah, guys are all the same" she said. There was now just one person ahead of them, and Adam felt a wave of pressure in his bladder. He stiffened up straight and clenched his thigh muscles, stopping the urge to release any pee into his light-blue jeans. Katie noticed "are you ok?" she asked. Adam couldn't believe this was happening again. But he knew he would be ok. They would get their coffee, he would run and find a bathroom, and they will walk around the mall together. It will be perfect, he just had to hold it a little while longer. He just had to make sure Katie didn't realize how bad he needed to go "oh, yeah I have been having back aches lately after I hurt myself at the gym" He said. Katie seemed to buy it, "oooh, that sucks. Are you ok?" She said. Adam replied "yeah, I just have to take it easy for a bit."

It was now there turn to order, and Adam gestured for her to go first. Katie stepped up to the same blonde girl Adam talked to before "Can I get a non-fat latte with a pump of vanilla please." The girl said "No problem" then looked at Adam "are you two together?" She asked. Adam turned to Katie and said "I got this" then turned to the cashier "Yeah, I'll have just a regular latte." Katie smiled at him warmly. The cashier handed Adam a number and said "we'll bring it over when it's ready." Adam was both annoyed, and now slightly worried that this could take longer that he thought. His bladder was already starting to become painful, and he needed a bathroom now. But if he left before his coffee was done, he would just embarrass himself in front of Katie again. But how long could two lattes take to make?

As they sat down Katie said "that was really nice of you, you didn't have to pay for my coffee." Adam brushed it off "oh it's nothing really." Katie scooted her chair slightly closer to Adam "so you never told me what you were looking for at the mall?" she asked. Adam said "oh, I'm just re-doing my bedroom and getting some new bedding." Katie got somewhat awkwardly quiet and pursed her lips. Adam was confused "what?" he asked. Katie smiled "nothing, nothing." she said. But Adam pressed on "no really what is it?" he asked. Katie quietly said "ok... I was going to ask, just regular sheets?" Adam was confused still. "What do you mean by regular sheets?" Katie shyly said "it's nothing to be embarrassed about really, but umm... you know I'm really close with your sister... and I know when she was in college she wet the bed sometimes, and she mentions that you did as well... I'm sorry" Katie said with a wince.

"It's none of my business." Adam's face turned beet red. "well, I did USED to have problems when I was much younger, but not anymore." Katie looked around and inched her chair closed to Adam, and put her hand on his knee "I didn't mean to embarrass you" She whispered "If I tell you secret will, you promise not to tell anyone"?" Adam said "yeah of course" Katie whispered "The reason me and your sister were roommates in college is because we both wet the bed. Before I knew you, she mentioned how she had a twin who also wet the bed, but she wasn't sure when you stopped." Adam was really surprised by her revelation, but also embarrassed she knew about his bedwetting issues "oh, I didn't realize. well, believe me I know how hard that is. I stopped wetting the bed just before college though."

Adam took a pause "did you ever outgrow it?" Katie playfully his Adam's thigh "yes I outgrew it you jerk. I stopped when I was a freshman in college. And even then it was just like a handful of times a year." Adam put his hand on Katie's knee "well, you don't have to be embarrassed with me, I think last time we met has given me enough embarrassment for a lifetime." Katie smiled "yeah, can I ask what happened last month, are you ok?" she asked. Adam really didn't want to rehash the most humiliating moment of his life, but also wanted to assure Katie that it was a one-time thing "yeah, it wasn't a UTI or anything medical.

It was just a series of unfortunate events, and I didn't want to embarrass myself by leaving trivia night early. It's not like I have a problem or anything." Katie said playfully "If I'm being honest you didn't do a great job of not embarrassing yourself. Most guys don't pee their pants when their 26 years old." Just then the blonde coffeeshop girl came by with a huge grin on her face, clearly hearing Katie just now. "Here you guys go." She said as she put down their coffee, then giggled slightly as she walked away. Katie tucked her hair behind her ear "I'm sorry" she said with a wince "I didn't mean to embarrass you." Adam tried to salvage the situation "well, Maybe make it up to me by helping me pick out some new bedding?" Katie batted her eyes "yeah, I could do that."

As they both stood up, Adam felt a huge pressure in his bladder. He tensed his his leg muscles as tight as he could, thankfully stemming the flow before it came out. But he needed a bathroom. NOW. He said as calmly as he could "All jokes aside, I do need to find a bathroom though." Katie nonchalantly said "yeah, do you want to head to Macy's and stop on the way." Adam nodded his head.

Katie was walking slowly, taking her time, and looking around the mall. Adam didn't want to let her know just how desperate he was for a bathroom. He had to fight all his instincts to start dancing on the spot. Katie noticed a jacket in a store, and grabbed Adam's hand "come on, I want to look at something quick." Adam really didn't have time for a detour, but didn't want to embarrass himself and went along with Katie and muttered out "oh sure." Katie pulled out a dark green corduroy jacket and tried it on.

"What do you think?" She asked Adam as she spun around. Adam tried to maintain his composure even with his bladder throbbing "yeah, that really brings out your eyes, doesn't really match those red pants though." Katie replied "yeah, you're right, I think I need to try it with something else" and she started looking through a rack of jeans. As she looked, Adam was clenching as hard as he could as his bladder was screaming. He didn't want to pull Katie away from the store.

What would he tell her "I'm about to wet myself AGAIN and need to find a bathroom ASAP" No that would be too embarrassing. He thought his best bet was to stick it out and go to the restroom as soon as she was done. Surely it won't take her long and he can hold it a few more minutes right? Katie pulled out a pair of jeans and held them up next to the jacket "What do you think" Adam forced himself to smile "Yeah, much better" he told her. Katie turned to him "I think I need to try it on. Wait here" And went off to the dressing room.

While Katie was changing, he started pacing back and forth, shoving his hands in his pockets and pressing his thighs, really trying anything to ease the pressure of his bladder. He knew he really should leave and find a bathroom now, but he couldn't just ghost Katie while she's changing. Adam saw a girl working in the store walk by "excuse me, is there a bathroom in the store" he said desperately. The girl replied "sorry, the closest one is in Macy's." Adam just said "Thanks" and prayed Katie would hurry up.

Katie then stepped out of the dressing room wearing the baggy "mom" jeans that were in style now, the same silky top, and the corduroy jacket. "what do you think" she said as the did a spin. Adam said "yeah, that looks cute" without much enthusiasm. His attention was just as much focused on his bladder as it was on Katie. Katie asked "are you sure? what don't you like about it?" Adam had to say something to maintain his cover "well, in my opinion, the jeans are not the most flattering on you. They're just so baggy." Katie smiled "it's what's in these days. Nobody wears skinny jeans anymore." Adam forced a smile "hey, I'm just saying what I like, I'm not a fashionista."

Katie said "I'll just keep looking" and went to change back. As Adam waited, he felt a wave of pressure in his bladder. It caught him off guard, and he felt a quick, hot leak of pee hit the tip of his underwear. He stood up straight and clenched his muscles, shutting off the flow. He looked down, and his heart started racing as he noticed a small dime sized wet stain on his crotch. "oh god, not now" he thought to himself. He quickly moved his hand coffee cup in front of it to hide it from view.

Katie came back out wearing her red office-style pants "are these better for you" She said playfully, showing him her butt. Adam took a look at her amazing, volumptuous backside "yeah, much" He said. Katie said "I'll have to keep that in mind" with a flirty smirk. But after leaking into his jeans, he was finding it hard to be charming, and had a dead stare about him. Katie noticed something was off "are you ok?" Adam learned his lesson from last time and realized despite how embarrassing it was, he had to make a beeline for the bathroom right now. He turned red as he said quietly "yeah, I'm fine I just really need to find a bathroom." Katie pursed her lips "oh... yeah, of course." And they both quietly walked to Macy's.

Adam was definitely doing a speed walk. He knew he was starting to blow it again with Katie with this display, but it would better than wetting himself again. As they walked into Macy's Katie noticed a sign in the distance that said "bathroom" She pointed it out and calmly said "over there Adam." Adam mumbled "thanks, can you hold my coffee?" Katie took it and said "sure, I'll just have a look around." As he sped walked to the bathroom. On the way he felt a quick spurt of warm pee spray out, wetting his boxer briefs.

"Fuck" he thought to himself "just a few more steps. He turned the corner where the bathroom was and looked up at the door. To his horror, it was a women's only bathroom. He looked down at his pants, and his face went white as he noticed his pee stain now grew to the size of an orange on his crotch. Katie was waiting for him around the corner, Adam was starting to panic "what will she think?" He glanced around the corner and noticed that she was turned away, looking at some clothes.

Adam stood behind a rack of clothes blocking Katie's view from his small accident he said with a tremble in his voice "yeah for some reason someone thought it was a good idea to only put a women's room there" Katie turned around and saw the panic in Adam's eyes, and knew how dire the situation was. She handed him his coffee back over the rack of clothes and said "here let me ask someone" and before Adam could respond Katie walked up to a counter where a very pretty redhead was folding clothes with her back turned.

Adam followed behind her, looking down at his orange sized pee stain on his pants, and tried to hide it with his coffee cup, which did nothing to block it. Katie leaned over the counter, and even in his predicament, couldn't help but notice her full, round butt barely being contained by her skin-tight office-style pants. Katie called authoritatively "excuse me" and the redhead turned around "oh sorry, didn't see you there." Katie said in a rushed tone "my, umm.. friend really needs a bathroom, where is a men's room?" The redhead look at Adam, and her eyes bulged as he saw the pee stain on his pants. She said "oh, yeah there isn't one on this floor. If you go up the escalator it's' on your left though." Before Katie could see what the redhead was reacting to he turned his back and made a bee-line for the escalator.

He was careful to stay a half step ahead of Katie, so she wouldn't see the small pee stain on his jeans. As he stepped on the escalator he felt another wave of pressure over take him. He bent over slightly, clenched his muscles as hard as he could, and jammed his hand into his crotch. Thankfully he was able to hold back his pee, but when he recovered he realized Katie was behind him and saw the whole thing. His face was as pale as a ghost as he turned his head around to look at her. Katie raised one eyebrow and asked "you okay? with a grimace.

Adam turned beet red and stammered "yeah, ugh yeah... why do you ask?" Katie just forced an awkward smile and didn't say anything. As he was about to reach the top of the escalator, without warning, his bladder game out. Adam felt a spurt of warm pee spray out of him and start running down his leg, instantly making a very noticeable stain the size of a grapefruit on the front of his jeans. Adam was panicking, she would definitely notice this stain. He would just have to stay in front of her, get to a bathroom, and then figure it out before she sees anything. In his state he wasn't really thinking clearly.

He stepped off the escalator and went to his right, as his eyes darted around the store looking for a bathroom. He had the idea to walk through the aisles of women's clothes, hiding his accident from anyone as he desperately searched for a bathroom. He stopped for a second to see if he could find it. When he did, his bladder let loose once again. This time he peed a powerful jet for almost 5 seconds, before he thrust one hand back into his crotch and stemmed the flow. "Can I help you?" Adam heard from a girl behind him in a confused tone. He turned around and saw a very pretty girl in her 20's with short brown hair above her shoulder and a slim build.

Adam pulled both hands away from his crotch instinctively "yeah, uh, uh, I.. I, um can't seem to, ugh find a bathroom?" The girl stared straight down at Adam's pants and a big smile crept across her face as she said "that way" and pointed in the other direction. Adam took two steps, then stopped dead in his tracks as he saw Katie standing there. Her eyes went wide as she glanced down at Adam's pants.

Adam's eyes followed, and he gasped slightly as he realized his jeans were wet halfway to his knees down his right leg. Katie's eyes darted to the side, trying to pretend like she didn't see. Adam was full on panicking. He was still holding his coffee. He made the decision to try and play it all off as a spill, so he splashed a small amount of hot coffee, but it only spilled a drop and went straight to the floor. He stuttered as he said to Katie "I um, um think I spilled, some co... coffee.

She just pursed her lips and said "sure, coffee" and tilted her head. The brunette sales girl let out a short laugh. Katie shot daggers at her with her eyes then turned to Adam "just ignore her" she said. Adam didn't know what to do at this point, his best option was just head straight to the bathroom. He was speed walking as fast as he could away from Katie, past groups of shoppers giving him strange looks, some noticing his accident. He got to the bathroom, which thankfully was a single stall. He rushed in and slammed the door behind him. As he did, his bladder fully gave out. He was peeing full force into his jeans, soaking both pant legs instantly.

He undid his button as quickly as he could, flung his underwear down and sat on the toilet. He peed for another 15 seconds in the toilet, but the damage was done. When he was finished he sat there for a moment before inspecting his pants. He pulled his jeans up and looked in the mirror. Both pant legs were soaking wet down to his ankles on his inner thighs, and he could feel the heavy wet, warm denim on his legs. He was on the verge of tears, knowing Katie was just outside, and that she probably knew what just happened. "What are the chances she thinks I spilled coffee?" he thought to himself, but knew that was foolish.

Worse yet, she hasn't seen just how big his accident was. He took massive amounts of paper towels, furiously dabbing and running his jeans trying to get them to try, but it was futile. They were soaking wet, and it was beyond obvious that he wet himself.

Adam heard chatter from outside the door. It sounded like brunette sales girl saying "excuse me, are you with that guy who ran in there." He heard Katie say "I'm not 'with him' with him but yeah we're together." The sales girl then said "is he ok?" and Katie whispered "yeah, I think he just has accidents in his pants sometimes" The sales girl then laughed and said "ok, well let me know if I can do anything to help." Katie then knocked on the door "Hey Adam, you in there?" she said gently.

Adam's voice shaked as he said "just a minute" As he continued to frantically rub his wet jeans with paper towels. Adam seemed to lose track of time as he heard another knock on the door, then Katie say in a hushed voice "Sweetie, can you open up." Adam took a deep breath and sheepishly opened the door. Katie's eyes went down to his wet jeans, he jaw dropped and she said "oh" in a whimper. "what happened?" She asked. Adam's heart was racing and he felt faint "I, I, I just, um, well, this mall is so big and I needed to go."

Katie looked at Adam sympatheticaly "let's get you cleaned up, you can't walk back to your car looking like that." Adam nodded his head "yeah, but how?" Katie pulled out a bunch of paper towels and handed them to Adam "here try this" she said. Adam knew it would do nothing, but again dabbed at his crotch." Katie was watching him futilely try to dry his pants. "Umm" she said tucking her hair behind her ear "maybe we just go buy you some new pants." she seemed like she was trying to hide her annoyance as she said "just walk behind me, I don't think anyone will notice." Adam put his head down and mumbled "yeah, ok" and he followed Katie out of the bathroom. Katie whispered "if we stay close to the wall no one will notice.

After they turned the corner, there were 3 attractive girl's in their mid 20's who were walking in Adam and Katie's direction. Quickly, Katie turned around and put her hands on his shoulders, using her body to cover his embarrassing stain as the girls moved closer. Adam did not want THIS to be the way he first hugged Katie. Her presence was captivating, she smelled amazing. His hands drifted to her toned waist. Katie whispered "just wait here" Adam didn't mean to, but his hands started drifting lower, just touching the upper part of Katie's butt. As the girls passed them one of them whispered to her friends "oh my god that guy pissed his pants" and they all giggled. Both Katie and Adam turned bright red from embarrassment. With his hands still grazing her butt Katie said shortly "could you not grab my butt please." Adam felt bad and muttered "I'm sorry, I didn't mean to." Katie said sternly "it's ok, just follow me and we'll get you some dry pants."

They got to the men's jeans section and both the redhead and short-haired brunette girl were there. They both looked down at Adam's pants. The brunette girl gave a short, audible laugh, while the redhead's jaw-dropped before a smile came over her face. The brunette backed away, while the redhead came up to them "Can I help you guys." Adam said politely "we're fine" But Katie asked "actually, where is your underwear department." The readhead tried to contain a giggle "it's just over there" and then looked down at Adam's pants before she walked away. Katie turned to Adam "don't worry about her, just pick out some jeans, and I'll go get you a pair of underwear and I'll meet you at the checkout. You wear boxer briefs right?" Adam asked "umm, yeah, how did you know?" Katie bit her lip and grimaced "Last time we did this I saw you in your underwear, remember?"

Adam felt completely defeated and shook his head. They met at the register, and the readhead had a smirk on her face as she said "are you two ready" Katie replied "we're not together... but yes." and handed Adam the underwear. He checked out and they both went back up to the private bathroom stall. Katie said "maybe just slip your wet pants and underwear into the store bag?" Adam nodded his head and went in to change. As he was getting dressed he just couldn't believe he did it AGAIN. The one chance he had to impress Katie and he pissed his pants for a second time. For a moment Adam thought all wasn't lost. She did seem to be flirting earlier though, she was sympathetic to him, and she was a bedwetter growing up too. He thought maybe there a chance she understands and will give him a shot? As he came out of the bathroom in his new pants Katie forced a smile "Feel better" she asked.

Adam said "I do. And I know this was really awkward for both of us, and I just wanted to say thank you for being so nice about it, really." Katie said sweetly "of course, don't mention it." Adam continued "I was wondering too, maybe I could get your phone number and hang out sometime?" Katie tucked her hair behind her ear and looked Adam in the eye "So, yeah... we can hang out. But, umm...." She looked down at his soiled pants in his hand "it's just" Adam cut her off "sorry, forget I asked." Katie continued "no no no, it's, um... I actually had a really big crush on you before." Adam sounded almost annoyed "had?" Katie grimaced "can I be honest for a second without hurting your feelings?" Adam sounded depressed as he said "go ahead"

Katie rolled her eyes "I had a huge crush on you before trivia, night and then you wet yourself. Do you know that all my friends have been teasing ME for the last month for liking you after that? and THEN, I started to like you again today, and you do it AGAIN! SERIOUSLY." Katie's voice became agitated "it's embarrassing to be out with you to be honest. Like, are you five? If it was a medical condition I would understand, but you just can't hold your bladder." 

Adam had tears in his eyes as he said "ok I get it, but like, you wet your bed too." Katie calmed down and said sternly "I wet the bed a couple times when I was 18. You pissed your pants in public twice that I know of in your mid 20s, it's not the same." Katie saw how hurt Adam was "I'm sorry, I just got emotional. I didn't mean it. I can't imagine how hard this is for you." Adam said "no, no it's ok." Katie became sympathetic "no it's not, I'm sorry. I really do like you." As she gave Adam a hug. Katie whispered as they hugged "just give me some time ok."

*004*2024-04-06 15:56

{{On 3/30/2024 at 9:45 PM, Tinkletown said:

I absolutely loved the first story, and this second part is a worthy sequel, which is not always easy to pull off. While I'm way more into female desperation and wetting, there's a part of me that enjoys a good male story I can sort of POV. I really like how you handle the aftermath of the accident and the responses from various characters, from shock to mocking to a sort of sympathetic patronizing that I find endearing.

The one piece of constructive criticism I have is the formatting. I think it would be somewhat easier to read with the dialogue broken up into separate paragraphs instead of just several large chunks, but it's not that big of a deal. Just a personal preference.

Anyway, thanks for sharing these stories.

}}

Thanks, I always welcome criticism. I feel the same, I like women's desperation and wetting mostly, but found it was really hard to find stories like these where a man was embarrassed in front of a woman. My next attempt I think will be a woman having an accident and will be embarrassed by it. I'm struggling to think of a scenario that's not just the 10,00th High School girl wetting, any suggestions?

