Just a gay girl’s bedwetting fantasy

Author: Charlie Kirby

*000*2020-07-25 08:23

I wake with you still sleeping next to me. It’s the first morning of our naughty weekend, safe to say we made the most of the first night. The room smells strongly of our pee. A trail of wet clothes lead to the bed we lie in. A large dark patch on the old wooden floorboards, the ghost of the puddle we made.

I think back to you tickling me, how I squirmed on the floor beneath you. I think of how you teased my full bladder with dribbles of your own pee, how you made me hold on until you’d finished wetting your shorts over me.

Your sleepy breaths on my neck are so cute. I call you my kitten, with your soft purrs and fluffy pillow hair.

The old cottage we’re in is soon to be knocked down. When your parents told you, you said we should seize the opportunity. How right you were. When else could we make such a mess?

I need a pee now actually. But I don’t want to move, you’re sleeping so softly. I lie with my back to you, looking out over yesterday’s exploits. We’re the first to sleep here for decades, the sparse rooms emptied long ago, leaving only a few larger ancient furnishings. The bed we’re in, one of two in the building, must be Victorian. The mattress thin and lumpy. But it doesn’t seem to matter with you next to me.

I daren’t move because the bed frame will creak loudly. You should have heard it yesterday. How it ￼creaked then. The springs squeaking. You squealing. I smile, thinking of what we did.

I try not to think of my full bladder. Instead my eyes drift across the room to pick out our discarded clothing. The pink top I was wearing, wet with your pee, was the first to come off. Your denim shorts, those cheeky lace panties. My leggings, worn and wet commando. Our bras, both sports bras for the long walk up here. You got mine wet. I was cross at first, it’s the only one I brought. But it didn’t seem to matter for long.

I’m getting restless, I want you to wake so you can tell me where to pee. We’re off grid here. The cottage pre-dates inside washrooms, the privy in the garden long overgrown. You said when we arrived that I wasn’t to pee outside. You said it defeated the point. You hadn’t explicitly said I need your permission to pee inside either, but I felt I needed it. You’re so controlling over my bladder when we’re together. I love it. You make me hold longer than I ever could alone, the relief I feel when you let me go is so much sweeter.

Now I don’t have your consent. I wouldn’t know where to go anyway. The floor? Seems too obvious. That old armchair downstairs? That would be nice. I don’t know if you’d let me do that though. Thinking about it isn’t helping my comfort. I feel like a pup waiting for her owner to let her into the garden. I want to go out and water the grass. Or find a lamp post. I squirm, rolling to face you and jamming a hand between my legs. The bed groans at my movement, you stir but do not wake.

You’re so venerable when you sleep. All your assertion and authority is gone. We’re the same age but awake you act older, asleep you act younger. Over your shoulder I see our backpacks hanging from a beam. Peaking out of yours, the familiar blue, white, pink plastic - an open packet of pull up diapers.

You wear them at night because asleep you cannot control yourself, and yet awake you control both of us. Irony. I smile to myself.

Time continues slipping by. I grow tenser, the hand between my legs fidgets and grips more. After you wet yourself over me last night, you tickled me and pulled me to my feet. It was as we stood, cuddling and kissing that you finally let me go. Hours of hiking, of sipping water and watching your cute bottom lead the way, all released in a blissful downpour. The puddle had been huge. We pattered our feet and danced on the wet wood. I wonder now where that puddle went. It disappeared between floorboards soon after we’d made it. Had it dripped through the ceiling below? Had it cracked the old plaster? What damage had we done?

I squirm again, wondering if I could project my bottom over the side of the bed and pee without waking you. What would you say? Would you be upset? I wasn’t fair, I thought. Not fair that you could leak in your sleep with your little diaper, while I grew ever desperate. I wondered if you had. Had you peed in the night?

My thoughts are suspended as you finally open your eyes. Long lashes sleepily part, revealing the blue ocean I have been lost in since we met. Our gaze locks for a moment, as where we are and what we’ve done come flooding back to you. You smile, chuckle, and stretch.

“Good morning,” you yawn, propping yourself up on an elbow and pulling the sheet away to reveal my chest. You lean over me and we kiss. My bladder twinges. You notice instantly. It’s like you have a sixth sense for it.

Our lips part and you look down on me with a cheeky grin.

“You didn’t go in the night?” You stroke my chest as you ask, playfully twirling a hard nipple.

“No, did you?” I pry.

You take your hand from my chest, it disappears beneath the sheets. I hear the papery rustle as you investigate the pull up. Then you smile and nod.

“I did,” You’re pleased with yourself.

“Where should I go?”

Your fingers, wet from your investigation, find the hand jammed between my legs.

“Oh you’re quite desperate,” you pretend it’s a realisation.

I nod.

“Come,” you say, pulling my hand from between my legs and slipping it into your diaper. It’s warm, wet, squishy. I feel your arousal, as much as I did last night. I can’t help myself, it’s instinctual. I begin to massage you you.

“Here’s the deal,” you pretend not to notice my pummelling fingers, “I’ll go for my morning pee right now. If the diaper leaks, I’ll let you wet the b...”

Your sentence trails off, the smile growing across your face says it all.

Now you’re too distracted to pee. My long fingers are retracing last night’s footsteps, fingertips tapping and dragging familiar ground. I feel your skin growing hotter. The diaper becomes steamy humid, wet with hours old pee kept warm against your body. Hand embraced by the pulp, I stretch to feel your wetness changing. Sticky skin quickly turns silky smooth.

Your hips curl to draw me in. I watch your face intently. The subtle changes as pleasure grips you. Checks rosy red. Eyes tightly shut. Lips parted for panting breath to brush past. And your cute little chin, how it quivers as you bob up and down on my fingers. My heart is melting. Full bladder almost forgotten. I nuzzle you.

“You’ll...make....” the words slip from you between breaths as if you’re talking in your sleep. “You’ll...make...me...come.”

I already knew. You’re body had told me. Twitches flutter through you. Spasms grip my fingers. Breaths become moans. I feel your pleasure as if it’s my own. Waves of intensity flow between us.

Then it happens. An orgasmic thrust of your hips, a gasp, and my hand is drenched. You pee as you come. The golden nectar spurting from you, sputtering between convolutions. A hissing that grows and fades as your climax surges your veins. You shake. Legs quiver. The hot jet of pee forcing itself into my palm. It hits the diaper and sprays out, soaking your thighs and saturating the mattress.

The orgasm fades long before your bladder is empty. As you continue to wet the bed, I pull your diaper aside. I stroke you gently, parting your lips with two fingers. You pee in a thundering arch directly on the old mattress. The heavy liquid hammers sodden fabric with a glorious thumping. The golden puddle washes towards my legs. Suddenly my full bladder is uncontrollable. I grip myself again, squirm uncomfortably.

“It’s okay sweetie”, you encourage in a gentle, satisfied voice. “Looks like my diaper leaked.”

We giggle. I relax. Without breaking eye contact, I empty my bladder in the bed. The sound of your pee pattering to an end becomes my hissing, with loud drips raining over the edge of the mattress and drumming the floorboards. Heat spreads under our bottoms, wetting past our knees, creeping up our backs. Our bodies sink into a infinite embrace. Below us, your pee mixes with mine. Two bladders emptied. Two hearts intertwined.

The relief drives a soft pleasure through me. It’s a wholesome feeling. Satisfying in a deep, holistic way. We kiss.

“I guess we’re sleeping in the other bed tonight,” You chuckle.

*006*2020-07-31 12:51

Thanks for the kind comments! It's always lovely to see others getting joy out of my own fantasies.

*009*2020-08-12 07:12

{{On 8/1/2020 at 1:28 PM, Shoes3245 said:

... I'm genuinely interested in reading the book you say you're working on...

}}

Wow thank you, this is amazing feedback. I to admit that the book has been very much on the back burner but you’ve spurred me on to pick it up again.

I’m glad you enjoyed my story, and thank you for taking the time to be so encouraging. It’s more appreciated than you know.

@@x

*011*2020-08-12 08:39

Hehe I’m keeping most of it quiet, because I’m still not fully happy with it yet!

What I do know for sure is that it’s about an erotic writer on a pee fetish forum discovering her sexuality. Not me, honest. Anyhow while the book is wet erotica, it has an overarching story of organised crime, which the heroine suspects is happening and tries to find evidence of.

I want the main story to be strong enough that the erotica isn’t the sole hook. I want readers to enjoy it like any other book, with the added reward of explicit wet sexy scenes like a cherry on top.

A big ask for a novice amateur author like me, hence my come and go relationship with writing it.

*015*2020-09-04 17:45

{{On 9/3/2020 at 9:34 AM, Pokelife93 said:

Great stuff. I love bladder control stories

}}

Awesome. It's a kind of new thing for me. I've done a lot of desperation and only recently found myself fantasying more about control.

Anyway, hopefully you'll like the story I've just posted. It's bladder control through and through. x

