The Last Year Before They Grew Up

Author: Caraxes

*000*2022-09-07 13:10

This anthology series will follow a number of girls at the fictional Greatwestern University as they navigate their final year of school before they graduate. The characters will be recurring and several plotlines will be overarching throughout. This is my first ever writing attempt, so I apologize for the lack of structure and/or bad grammar. Feedback is more than welcome!

The series is planned for approximately sixteen chapters, and the first six are written. I plan on posting two within the week, and then moving to a biweekly schedule after that.

Occasionally a chapter will contain messing, but I will be sure to mention it at the start.

Chapter 1: Drunk at The Hairy Cougars

Labor Day Weekend festivities at The Hairy Cougars Nightclub marked the excitement of returning to school for many students at Greatwestern University in the city of Lockley. For Sarah Dalton, this was no different.

Sarah was drowning in the pulsing music and flashing colored lights of the nightclub. Her body swayed with the music and the world seemed to be spinning away from her. She could feel the sweat on her forehead and the heat of the crowd around her but she didn’t care. She was alive in this moment and nothing else mattered to her drunken self, as she threw her head back, eyes closed and began to rhythmically grind her ass on the crotch of the cute guy behind her. The guy, Jackson, had been her crush since her first year of university but he had never paid her any attention. Now, on the first weekend of her fourth year, he was finally noticing her. Sarah had worked hard all year at the gym, and now the wasian brunette had a body that she was proud of. Her perky tits and medium sized ass looked excellent with her beautifully toned stomach and arms, and drunk Sarah was feeling herself.

“Sarah!” someone seemed to call through her hazy mind. “Sarah!”

Sarah opened her eyes and saw her best friend and roommate Veronica beckoning to her from a few feet away in the crowd. It helped that Veronica towered above much of the club at her height of 5 ft 11. The statuesque blonde looked stunning in her white jeans and red lace bralette. Sarah was envious of Veronica’s curves, and she knew that despite the fact that the girl’s were wearing the same outfit, Veronica’s ass looked way better than hers. Sarah cursed her drunk mind for envying her best friend as she finally acknowledged her.

“Carrie and I are going pee, do you want to come?” Veronica shouted over the music.

Carrie was another friend of theirs, a petite girl of Italian descent who had endless energy and even more sass. She was wearing a mini skirt with a white crop top that Sarah thought made her look like a first year.

Sarah didn’t think she had to pee yet, but her drunk mind was having a hard time recognizing what her body wanted. Sarah had had 3 shots since her last trip to the bathroom… or was it 4? She couldn’t remember. Sarah knew her small bladder meant she should probably go now to avoid her discomfort later, but she couldn’t bring herself to leave Jackson. She finally had him where she wanted him and she didn’t want to let him go. Tonight was the night she was going to make him scream her name.

As Veronica and Carrie disappeared into the crowd in the direction of the bathrooms, Jackson leaned in towards Sarah’s ear and shouted over the music “I’ve been meaning to ask you something”. Sarah’s heart fluttered as a wave of nervousness hit her, but her drunk confidence quickly returned to the surface. This was the moment she had waited 3 long and heartache filled years for. She had been with other guys, of course, but nothing compared to Jackson’s dreamy blonde curls, his soft smile and his warm blue eyes. She wanted him to herself so badly, and she had been so patient.

“So… I noticed you and Ronnie are wearing matching outfits,” he began as he held her gaze, their hips swaying to the best of the music. Placing his hand on her lower back, he continued his question . “They look amazing! Ronnie looks like a goddess. Is it true she’s still single?”

The question stabbed into Sarah’s chest like a hot knife. A sudden weight hit her stomach as she churned with anger. Why did her best friend have to be an absolute bombshell? Veronica didn’t even try and she got any man she wanted.

“Yeah she’s still single,” replied Sarah “but she wouldn’t ever stoop as low as dating a guy like you.”

As soon as the words left her mouth, Sarah regretted them, as Jackson’s face fell and his smile faded.

“Oh… forget I asked,” he said sadly.

Sarah, regretting her decision, immediately offered to buy him a shot. She charged off towards the bar, pushing through the crowd and dragging Jackson by the arm, and asked the bartender to pour two tequila shots with limes. The bartender obliged, but Jackson was shaking his head.

“I’m okay,” he said. “You really don’t need to feel badly. It was stupid to think she’d be interested. And it’s not your fault. I should probably start slowing down my drinking though”

Sarah rolled her eyes in frustration, downed both shots and called Jackson a party pooper. Within a minute, she immediately regretted her decision. Her head was spinning out of control and she stumbled away from the bar, away from Jackson and back onto the dance floor. She immediately grabbed the first guy she saw, a short fellow with brown hair and started dancing on him seductively. She glanced back to the bar and saw Jackson still staring at her, a concerned look on his face. She was happy to see that, and continued dancing, even as she was getting more and more dizzy. The world was starting to blur and colours kept flashing at the corner of her vision. The guy put his hands on her hips and Sarah tried to dance as sexily as possible.

Then it hit her.

Her drunk bladder was finally full to the brim with alcohol and it was at last able to get a signal through to her brain. She needed to pee worse than she had all night, but the numbness of her body made the urge seem insignificant. Besides, Sarah was determined to make Jackson jealous and she would not stop for such a stupid reason. She knew he was watching her.

Five minutes elapsed as the need to pee worsened. Sarah could bear it no longer, so she quickly spun around and began kissing the brown haired guy, grinding his thigh into her crotch to alleviate some pressure. The guy kissed her back, surprised at how lucky he was getting, and began rubbing his thigh into her crotch to stimulate her sexual desires. Sarah moaned and the shock of his movement caused her to accidentally spurt into her panties. Her panties, red lace to match her bralette, were not holding back much pee at all and she knew it would show on her white jeans.

In a panic, she disentangled herself from the guy and began frantically pushing through the crowd in search of the bathroom. Her head was spinning and the music was overwhelming her and she couldn’t think straight at all. She could not find the bathroom and she began to leak again. Frantically patting her crotch, she found a wet spot the size of a quarter. She jammed a hand in her crotch and began spinning around, trying to spot a bathroom sign on the wall.

Suddenly girl grabbed her arm and asked if she was okay. All of the emotions, amplified by her drunk state, welled up inside Sarah and she felt herself starting to cry.

“I really need to pee” she slurred.

“Don’t worry,” said the girl. “The bathroom is right here!”

Right here? Sarah didn’t think this was the bathroom but her mind was so crazed with desperation and so dulled by the alcohol that she decided to just trust the girl. She quickly undid her belt and the button on her white jeans, and in one fluid motion she yanked down her pants and underwear to her knees.

The girl’s jaw dropped open in shock and horror and she quickly tried to shield Sarah, shouting “Not here sweetie! Not here!”

But Sarah was too drunk to comprehend. The pee started to gush out of her, spraying the floor of the club with a loud splattering noise. The pee was also hitting the back of her jeans and shoes but she didn’t notice and didn’t care. The relief was nearly orgasmic.

Suddenly someone was grabbing her by the armpits and someone else was yanking up her pants.

“Sarah, stop peeing!” someone yelled, but Sarah could not discern who. The voice seemed to be coming from the end of a long tunnel.

She tried to stop her stream but not before another 4 seconds of pee had jetted into her pants, soaking the gusset. She grabbed at her crotch as soon as the steak stopped, and her hand came back wet. Looking down, she saw that her entire crotch and butt area we’re soaked, and the white pants had become translucent. Her red panties were visible. She stifled a sob we the desperate need came crashing back against her floodgates. She jammed her left hand deep into her crotch as the world continued to spin. She felt the hands on her shoulders begin to lead her away and she began to waddle in the direction she was being lead.

“Jackson…?” she called out confused. Mortified that Jackson was seeing her like this, Sarah began crying harder. “Jackson, please take me to the bathroom. I need to pee!”

That’s when Sarah noticed a tall blonde girl yelling at a stocky tall man. “She’s with us! She’s my best friend! Don’t call the police, we’ll take her home!”

“Veronica…?” Sarah mumbled. Was she yelling at a bouncer?

“Come on Sarah,” Jackson said, but his voice seemed distorted somehow, more high pitched, through her stupor.

“Stopppp, I wanna squat here,” Sarah moaned but Jackson’s arms kept dragging her forward.

“No, we need to get you to an Uber,” the garbled voice replied from nearby. The hands led her through the crowd and out a door. The blast of cold breeze from outside only made Sarah’s desperation worse but she still tried to hold her pee.

“Can I squat now?” she asked but the voice told her not to. “People are filming,” it said.

Sarah was dancing frantically on the spot, both hands jammed into her crotch. “I never wanted you to see me like this,” she sobbed to Jackson. “I’ve always just wanted you to love me!”

“Um… Sarah girly, I think it’s best if you stop talking. You don’t want to say anything you’ll regret tomorrow,” the voice said in reply, with a hint of mirth in it’s tone.

Finally, a car pulled up and the arms pulled her into it. The driver shook his head upon seeing the state of Sarah and reminded them that if she puked, there would be a hefty cleaning fee.

“Do you have a toilet?” Sarah slurred. “I need to use it, like nowww.”

“You have to hold it for 6 more minutes Sarah,” the voice said. “You can do it. Let me distract you. Focus on me, not your bladder.”

“Kiss me then, you moronnnn,” Sarah slurred, and she leaned in and closed her eyes. She heard Jackson sigh an annoyed sigh but he must have realized that it was the only way to keep her distracted. After a moment of hesitation, their lips met in a soft embrace. Jackson’s lips felt super glossy to Sarah. Was he wearing lipstick? She started to move her hand down towards his crotch but he grabbed her wrist and exclaimed, “whoa Sarah! Watch your hands!”

She giggled and kept kissing him. He was an incredible kisser and she was so happy she had finally been able to kiss him. She heaved a sigh of relief that he hadn’t been grossed out by her whole ordeal and she relaxed in the moment. This was a mistake! A jet of pee shot out into her pants again, dripping through onto the seat. Sarah panicked.

“Help me hold it!” she moaned to Jackson, sliding his fingers down to press against her crotch to reduce pressure.

“Sarah! What are you doing?!” he yelped in his high pitched voice, as his fingers met the damp fabric. Then, as the Uber came to a stop, he announced with relief “We’re here!”

Opening the car door and bolting towards her student house, Sarah was panicking. She teetered sideways and fell into her front bush, dropping her keys. Thankfully, Jackson scooped them up and began unlocking the door as she struggled to orient herself. She couldn’t see straight and Jackson had to basically drag her into the house. She could barely stand now as Jackson pulled off her shoes. She slipped on the kitchen tile in her wet socks, careening into the counter and banging her elbow. Jackson grabbed her waist and firmly steered her into the bathroom adjacent to the kitchen. Ecstatic at having made it, Sarah began feeling around for the toilet. Finding it behind her, Sarah went to undo her belt, but she could not figure out how it worked. She tried pulling it in several directions, her fingers fumbling with it over and over.

Suddenly Jackson was there beside her. “Let me help,” he said with his weirdly high pitched voice.

“NO!” Sarah gasped, starting to cry again.

“Why not?” He asked, bewildered.

With her chest heaving sobs, Sarah exclaimed “I don’t want this to be the way you first see me naked Jackson!” and she shoved him backwards, out of the bathroom.

“Jackson?” Jackson asked in a confused voice. Only now Sarah noticed through her drunken haze that it wasn’t Jackson standing in front of her. It was Carrie, in her black mini skirt and white crop top!

Sarah stared in absolute horror at her petite friend. Then it happened. Sarah’s body, worn out from holding so much alcohol for so long and reeling from the shock of the realization that she had made out with her friend, gave out completely. Pee poured out of her, saturating the inside of her thighs, swirling over her calves and pooling on the white tile floor. Her sobbing intensified as Carrie kept shouting for her to sit on the toilet. Instead she stood there, as if frozen, completely peeing herself. The warm sensation was spreading out and her pants were becoming increasingly saturated. She had been holding so much. She looked down at her legs and saw that her pants were almost entirely transparent. Carrie’s eyes were also fixated on her crotch, unmoving, watching the rivulets spiral outward. Finally, after 45 seconds, Sarah stopped peeing. That’s when she blacked out.

—-

The next morning, Sarah awoke in her bed completely naked. Her head was absolutely pounding and she had a vague recollection of peeing herself the night before. She opened her eyes hoping it had all been a dream. Unfortunately, in a pile in the corner of her room lay her soiled clothing from the events of the previous evening. She pulled the covers over her head, took a deep breath and then got up to go face her roommates.

When she got to the bottom of the stairs, she saw Veronica standing at the kitchen counter, with and ice pack being held to her arm and a black eye as she made a smoothie.

“Oh my god, Ronnie, are you okay? What happened?” asked Sarah.

Veronica smiled at her and joked “I think I should be asking you that question. I just got in a bit of a scrap with the bouncer. He was trying to call the police on you, Sare Bear! I told him I’d kill him if he did and he tried to throw me out. Sorry I couldn’t bring you home.”

Sarah hugged her best friend, thanked her for standing up for her and then apologized profusely.

“I’m sorry I got so drunk. I thought I finally had a chance with Jackson and then he told me he’s into you. I didn’t take it well…” Sarah said, her voice cracking with sadness.

“Oh Sare Bear! I’m so sorry! You know I’d never make a move on your crush!” Veronica said in an attempt to comfort her.

“I know,” said Sarah. “But I really thought I’d have a chance now.”

“Well, if you stay as confident as you were last night, I’m sure things will work out for you eventually,” jested Carrie, entering the kitchen from the living room.

Sarah flushed bright red and asked what Carrie was doing there, to which she replied she slept on the couch.

“I’m so sorry about last night,” Sarah said. “I really thought you were someone else.”

“No worries,” Carrie replied. Then, smirking at Veronica she said “Some parts of last night will stay our little secret.”

Veronica gave the two of them an inquisitive look but knew not to pry. “I heard you peed yourself, Sare Bear,” she announced laughing. “And I’m thinking Piddle Pants makes for a good nickname for the kids to call you during Frosh Week!
