Normal Road trip desperation story

Author: Crazi Mathx

*000*2023-10-11 07:07

All characters are 18+

This is just a normal road trip desperation story:

Matt was putting his last suitcase into his mom's car. He and his mom were going to see Matt's father who was currently working in a different city. When he was about to close the boot, to his side 21 year old Alma, his neighbor had appeared with a bag of her own and said,'I am going back to college today and your mother offered she would drop me, as my college comes in the same route as where you are going'. Hearing this Matt quickly took her bag and put it in inside the boot as well, he then looked at his watch and shouted,'MOM!!! All packed!! Lets leave now.'

His mom, 41 year old Sara, came from the front door, greeted Alma and proceeded to lock the door, but before locking she asked her son,'Honey did you peed before leaving? Just because you guys can pee anywhere doesn't mean you don't pee before leaving your house. After all its more hygienic to pee in your own houses isnt it Alma?'. Both Matt and Alma blushed, Alma just nodded her head and Matt spoke,'Yes, I did peed, OK!, Lets go now or we wont be able to reach before dark'.

They started their journey, Sara was driving, Alma was sitting in the passenger seat and Matt was sitting in the back. Soon Sara pointed at her GPS of her car's and showed to both Alma and Matt the restroom stops which were coming, and she said,'As you can see the next restroom is 2 hours away, so please dont disturb me by saying that you need to pee. No matter how urgent it is, I am not going any faster than I currently am driving, also the region through we are traveling is known to be filled with animals like Scorpion and snakes, so its not at all safe to even stop, let alone taking a piss.'

Alma was wearing a yellow crop top along with black jeans, her bladder is smaller and she needs to pee more frequently than others, usually while going to college, she takes the bus, eventhough it takes a longer route, it has more restroom stops, so knowing that the next time she could relieve herself was 2 hours away, she was scared.

With one hour remaining to reach the restroom, Alma, even though she hadn't consumed much fluids, was pretty desperate. Her jeans were now feeling tight and she started crossing her legs slowly in order not attract attention towards her. 10 mins later she was trying her best not to hold her crotch and was shifting in her seat. Sara noticed and said nothing, when Alma realized that there's no way she could reach the restroom with the current circumstanes, she turned to Sara and said,'umm, I need to-'.'I know dear, but as i said earlier I wont go above the speed limit'. Alma was embarrased, then Matt said,'Mom, I think i need to pee' in a very low voice. Alma sighed in relief atleast she wasnt alone.

They were 30 minutes away from the restroom, and the restroom was situated in the city area there was mild traffic jam, the cars were moving but they were moving slow. Alma was shaking and squirming in her seat, so was Matt, Alma cant belive she was gonna have an accident in someone else's car. The car hit a pothole and Alma leaked a bit into her panties and she groaned in pain, enough to let Sara hear her. The car stopped multiple times and each time Alma was leaking little bit, she could see a faint wet spot on her black jeans and was doing the best she can to stop her wetting herself in front of her neighbor and her son.

Looking at Alma, Sara placed her one hand on Alma's waist, on her bladder, and it sure was swollen. She then whispered softly to let her open her jeans. Alma glanced at Matt who was too squirming in the back seat then she glanced back at Sara and moved her hands to signal her she can. Sara unbuttoned her jeans with one hand placed her hand on her wet panties.'This is bad' she said to Alma, then pointing towards the glove box she said,'open that and you will find a bottle to pee in'. Matt heard that and asked what about him and Sara said with a stern voice,'You young man should hold it'. Matt continued holding, Alma even noticed the obvious wet spot on his jeans.

Sara told her to hurry up, Alma was not comfortable to be naked below waist, but she seemed to have no option, she did as Sara said and placed the hole of the bottle in front of her pee hole. Sara said to her son,'Matt! Dont dare to take a peek! or i wont be stopping at the restroom.' Matt proceeded to look outside and covered his ears. Alma wanted to hold a little more to check her surroundings but her bladder gave in and she peed into the bottle with full power, while peeing she let out moans but tried to keep her mouth shut. FInally the stream died down just before the bottle was getting full. She sighed in relif and thanked Sara, and Sara adviced not to wear her panties anymore as thery were wet and can cause her infection.

In the back seat Matt was still dying to pee and the GPS showed there was still 10 minutes left to reach....

