Beyond the Watery Vortex (Mighty No. 9)

Author: Captain L

*000*2023-04-27 00:40

One would expect the interior of a cold storage facility to be a dry, uninteresting place, and under normal circumstances, it usually was. But when all the robots of the world had suddenly gone haywire all at once, the place was a bit more active. Guard sentries, automated turrets, flying missile launchers, all ready to make an example of any intruder who came into her domain.

"Her" being the star of the cold storage, the imperator of icicles, the femme of freezing, the second of Dr. White's Mighty Number series: Cryosphere, or as her family called her, Cryo. On a normal day, she was jovial, absolutely adored bad puns, and took great pleasure in her icy abilities. All of that was still true, but ever since something invaded her Xels, that enthusiasm had been pointed at the expense of the humans.

And because of that, Cryo knew what was coming: her youngest brother, Mighty No. 9, Beck. Beck was powerful, he had a strong sense of justice, and his special absorption ability meant his Xels weren't the same as your standard robot, so wouldn't be susceptible to the same takeover as everything else. He'd be coming for her, to stop her rampage. And she was ready for it.

But it sure was taking time. Cryo had never been a patient girl, but this wait felt like it was taking way longer than it should have, it was killing her. "Come on, Beck, don't give a girl the cold shoulder here! I'm turning into a dinosaur here, waiting for the Ice Age!" Despite the frustration at being left bored, she giggled, in her usual over-cutesy way. "I'll have to tell Avi that one, he'll get a kick out of it." Even with that little bright spot, however, boredom set back in, and Cryo couldn't sit still.

Though, to be fair, that last one wasn't a result of impatience, it was more a cause for it. "Mmf," she mumbled, crossing her legs as she stood in the middle of the room. It was the only visible hint towards her need, her main frame being behind a suit of blue armor with a full-covering diver mask over her face as well. She could easily play it off and get away with it, if she were quiet. She was not. "Come on, once I ice cream you, Beck, I can go pee!" Just saying the word prompted her to cross her legs harder, with her hands now being haphazardly shoved into her crotch plate. It did not help her.

At the same time, she feared what would happen if she stopped. Cryo had a history of playing, using her powers to make ice sculptures and snowmen, not taking a break whilst doing so, meaning leaks could sprout if she needed to go. Having a sub-zero patch lingering against her private area, unable to be cleaned up without serious work in undressing... even Cryo didn't enjoy that. And, because she had experience on the levels of desperation she could reach before those cold spurts were something to be worried about, she knew the storm was a blizzard already. Cryosphere really had to take a whizz.

In fact, she needed to do it so badly, she began looking around the room she occupied with a... scrying eye. "There's snow one around, so if I did make a little mess, no one would give me any grief for it." She stared at an unassuming corner intently, for a serious moment, but eventually did shake the idea away. Literally, shaking her helmet in an exaggerated display. "No, Beck could come in while I'm peeing! What kind of a look would that be for a big sis?" Behind her mask, Cryo tensed her face and puffed her cheeks, again in a very cartoonish way. "Gotta be strong and not go yet!" The pressure she felt grew, and she whimpered.

###

Things were much different on the other side of the plant. The sentry robots near to the entrance had all been torn apart, their very essence drained, leaving their lifeless husks strewn across the floor. This was the handiwork of the intruder, the abandoned Mighty No. 0, Raychel. She was Dr. White's attempt to design a robot without a central core, an experiment that ultimately resulted in failure. Ray was left to decay, yet still, she clung to life.

Ray was used to pain. The Xels of her body were constantly rotting, deteriorating, a terminal condition that nothing could cure. She could only delay her death by forcibly assimilating Xels from other robots to replace the ones she had lost. Because of this disease, her body was always wracked with agony, feeling every Xel across her being die, and a foreign one soon shoved in its place. She had grown numb to it, with the only sensation standing out being the burning desire for revenge. That was why she was here, hunting another one of White's Mighty Numbers for answers.

Her rending claws tore through the chassis of one of the station's guards, ripping through its shield at the same time, absorbing the Xels directly. "These Xels... Their taste is much worse, lower quality, it will not satisfy me for long." Hunched forward, panting with a growl in each breath, Ray frantically scanned her surroundings for her next prey. And she found something, though little more than a morsel: a midair bot, circular like a fan, that could split into two parts and form a barrier between them. She knew it would not do much, but as Ray's hunger could not be quelled, she still leapt towards the robot, brandishing her sharp teeth and sharper talons.

It was halfway through this pounce that something happened, stopping Ray where she was. "Gghgh!" Her momentum gone, she dropped to the floor, landing on one knee with a crash. "What is this?" A burning inferno smoldered in her abdomen, like something writhing in pitiful life, surrounded by nothing but death. Without making a conscious decision, Ray shoved her left hand between her legs, pressing her palm hard against her armored crotch while keeping her claws out of the way, which did eventually quell the blaze within.

The source of the discomfort was apparent. "This ails me, now?!" Ray wasn't aware of why this happened, but she knew it was a routine dilemma, a buildup of Xels from a very limited, precious pool that suddenly had to be ejected from her body. Until then, it constantly tormented her, taking over her mind and halving her physical efficiency many times over. A normal observer would call it "badly needing to pee", a concept Ray hadn't learned.

Not knowing what urination was, she was naturally very opposed. "Nrgh... Xels, you will obey!" This was how she always handled her desperation: powering through. If she buckled to her body's demands, she'd suddenly find herself with a deficit of her very lifeblood, hastening her demise. She didn't like to admit, even to herself, that her struggle still always ended in defeat, surrendering to her need eventually.

While she wasn't at that point yet, the strain was still taking its toll on Ray. Her body shook and trembled as she forced herself back on her feet, with her thin legs wobbling as the two kept trying, against her wishes, to twist against one another. Like a predator protecting its meal, she growled every time her lower body made moves without her input, barking to assert dominance, until she could finally stand tall and proud without looking like she could collapse at any moment.

She may not have looked it, but she still felt malnourished, and that robot she had been hunting was still alive. "Feed... I must feed! Only when my appetite and my vengeance have been satiated will any other desire be considered!" Just as she had done before, Ray pounced at her mechanical meal, her claws tearing its whole existence asunder in a ruthless display of power.

###

"Nghgh... mmmph... hah, hah, hah..." Legs crossed tight as they could be, straining her plating until she risked dents, Cryo was hunched over as she leaned against a wall, shivering like the room temperature was absolute zero. It was cold, but that wasn't Cryo's problem. The pressure threatening to explode her from the inside was the only thing on her mind. "Just don't think about it," she kept telling herself, but it wasn't like ignoring it was even possible anymore. All she could do was hold out.

"Wah! I... I can't do this any longer," she screamed out in frustration. "Number 2's gotta number one here!" Her tank felt fit to blow, her patience was done and gone, the time had come. Cryosphere finally just had to take a piss. And she was a mech on a mission; as she uncrossed her legs and stood up, she was totally determined, plainly obvious even through a mask. Until she crumpled back in on herself, holding herself something fierce. "Hnnnnnghh!" Time was running out, she had to get going on the go.

Of course, that was easier said than done in her armor. So far, Cryo had done well in not leaking, but that wouldn't last and she knew it. Time was short, but even if she got started now, it might be too late. Finding it unnecessary for her line of work, Cryo didn't have humanoid hands, just a cannon and a hose. They could do light household-esque tasks, but it wasn't her forte. She just wasn't a delicate lady. Unfortunately, the act of removing a specific piece of armor, with imprecise appendages, whilst dying to pee, was inherently a delicate job.

"Time to get shoveling!" She was game, as evidenced by her pawing furiously at her groin. Her armor was segmented, with a special piece solely for her private parts, so she could pee without having to strip completely and show the "girls" of this robo-girl. There were small, practically invisible, latches connecting each segment, pressure in the right spots would undo the clips and free just the parts that needed to breathe that cool air. She knew exactly where those buttons were, and just how hard to push them.

Doing so was the problem. "Where are they?! Come on, this is like finding ice in the desert!" No matter how accurate she thought she was being, she just smacked the general area, missing the pinpoint clasps by millimeters, or more. Admittedly, she might have gotten it by now if she didn't keep fidgeting just enough to throw off her aim. A frigid chill ran down her spine, and her peehole, as the failures piled up, and her frustration snowballed, bringing more of her concentration to the task at hand to just get this thing done and over with, to finally take a leak.

"Ah!" Too much concentration divided, it seemed, because she suddenly froze in place as a terrible arctic splotch spread across her crotch. Only one spurt, over quick, but that cold wind against her junk wasn't going away. If there wasn't at least a little space between the two, her lips would be sticking to the metal. Should she shift inside the armor, she knew, it could still happen, hence her standing as still as an ice sculpture, making nary a shift or a squeak.

Then the second dribble hit, and Cryo threw the statue act away. Her stringy legs twisted around one another, and her hands zoomed back into her groin, clanging and bouncing off the protective plate with the high-speed collision, but she shoved them right in there regardless. For a while, that's all she did, trembling as she tasked all resources with keeping up the hold. When that proved insufficient, her feet jumped up one at a time as she bounced in a childish potty dance that wouldn't inspire envy in any graceful ice skater. "Nnnngh... Holdonholdonholdon hold on!" More than spoken, each word was grunted out, only forced out when a shift of her body would shake it loose.

All this jostling and sloshing (or what sloshing could happen in her filled tank) resulted in, naturally, a third drizzle of pee. In Cryo's eyes, that was three too many, and, like a frozen lake at the start of spring, she cracked. She also had a large volume of water, and it was driving her crazy. "That is it, I'm plowing this darn thing off and whizzing!" She knew seeking out the stealth buttons wouldn't serve her any better now, but she had a backup method: slamming her hands against her crotch over and over, aiming for the clasps with law of averages on her side. Surely, if she did it enough, she'd get lucky in time?

Apparently so. A thin gap clicked open between her crotch and thigh armor, and she could tell by the thick chill that emanated from the tiny slit as soon as it appeared, the cold air creating damp condensation drops on the adjacent leg. But it still wasn't wide enough for any tinkle; some would dribble through, probably running down her leg when it did so, but Cryo had to go bad. She knew she'd overflow the limited space she had within seconds. So, the whole plate had to come off. Back to the random pushes and pulls. "Kkgh!"

One by one, the clasps snapped open, easier now that one had fallen and she was no longer hermetically sealed, but of course they couldn't come in order, it was random and kept her in a state of bated breath and tense suspense as long as possible. The opening expanded, releasing more dry ice fog, which as a whole faded away in the breeze as it was free to disperse through the air.

Finally, with one last "snap" that broke the ice, her crotchplate came off. Cryo had been pulling so hard, when she finally got what she wanted, the now-excess force caused her arm to go flying out, and her uneven weight distribution resulted in her stumbling with it, one foot keeping her on the ground, hopping forward in a desperate attempt to keep balance. It worked, though the sudden jolting had... consequences to her constitution.

But she was done. She was exposed, she discarded the sheet of thick and chilly metal by vindictively tossing it across the room, she could start making her pile of slush. Spreading her legs, placing one hand on the wall behind her for stability, Cryo was finally able to answer robotics' call. She didn't even have to initiate anything herself.

Naturally, she first felt it as a chill careening down her urethra, the harbinger of a winter storm. It came nearer to her exit hatch, every millisecond until release pure torture, until she finally broke the seal. "Pah!" With one big burst exhalation to cap it off, a thick, hard spray of pure liquid nitrogen fired from one of her many holes built for this sort of thing. When it fired from her hand cannon, it was a powerful freezing ability that could be used as a deadly attack. But when that same fluid came from the one between her legs, it was urinating.

The massive tank of liquid nitrogen always strapped to her back, larger than she, no longer felt the pressure that threatened to crack the glass enclosure. Bubbles rose to the top and popped as its contents drained, but with the container having such a massive volume, it was hard to see a difference. Things were much clearer from the front, where the gushing fountain was much more immediately impressive. Cryo was a pretty small robot, very cute-sized, the force and quantity coming from this little thing was impossible to be mistaken as "nothing big".

That wasn't even the half of it. Her hips had already been pushed ahead of the rest of her body as she got her pee started, but now that she was pissing hard, she thrust them out even further until she threatened to throw out her spine. Something about it seemed to free up the tubes, because as soon as she was in this new stance, her stream changed trajectory; aimed upwards at the onset, ascending only slightly before falling, though taking its time before hitting the floor with a hard splash. Using basic geometry, it was easy to see she was getting some impressive distance.

She was more than aware of that fact. With the velocity she was putting out, and the memory of struggling to hold, Cryo was perfectly aware that she needed to go something fierce. So she had reason to bask in the bliss of release, and she would do just that. "Hahh... Ohh, that's snow much better... That feels so ice..." Her eyes fluttered beneath her mask, the Xels that comprised her body vibrated in a pleasing harmony (especially the ones "down below"), the valve atop her head spun as her faucet ran wild, and she just couldn't help moaning over and over in her usual squeaky pitch.

A puddle quickly formed at the impact zone, rippling as the shower of splashes rained everywhere in the pool, at least until said puddle expanded outwards. And upwards. A regular pee would just spread across the floor in a flat mess, but that was under normal circumstances, with normal urine. Liquid nitrogen, in contrast, had one special property that justified Cryo's usage in her day-to-day life: it froze things. If there was nothing, it would freeze itself over. The most liquid part of her leaving, the part covering the widest surface area, behaved like standard water for a time, later turning to solid ice where it sat. It would be a sizable slipping hazard, were someone foolish enough to walk past a Mighty Number relieving herself.

It was with the central pillar, where the fluids hit the floor, that things got a lot more interesting. It froze so quickly, it didn't have time to trickle down to join its brethren before changing states of matter. As such, a spire was formed upwards from the center, an icicle pointing to the ceiling, barely straight and covered in bumps and craters from her uneven whizz. Its structure was not sturdy, but with the sole building material constantly raining down and reinforcing its pillar as the outer casing also turned to ice. Even though some segments had weakened, nearly breaking off, the thickening shaft of robot pee kept it all together.

As the fog of chill rose past Cryo's face mask, sucked in by the air currents of the building's ventilation system, she began humming a little tune of contentment and satisfaction. She would have supplemented it with a little dance, a wiggle of the hips in time, if it wouldn't cause "issues". As much as it wasn't her style, she kept still, simply watching her work doing its stuff.

She could feel the eye of the storm coming from a while out, and it was confirmed as her liquid nitrogen pee no longer had that same power behind it. She was certainly still going, but it wasn't quite the massive gusher it once was. It didn't fly as far, landing closer to the toes of her boots, and the "spigot", as it were, sputtered and strained to maintain its uniform consistency. More tiny dribbles strayed from the path and created sparkling snowflakes on their way down, and when they froze on the floor, gave the bland tile a glittery finish.

And, without the force underlying the release, little rivulets stuck to her folds and snaked down her legs, nesting in the seams of her armor. If this kept up, her joints would freeze over, and that would cause some issues when it came time to fight. Realizing this, Cryo made a decision. "Woah, time to freeze this one! Hngh!" With a quick strain, she cut off her release suddenly, leaving nothing but a couple of drops in a fraction of a second. The room was soon nearly totally silent, and as her liquids froze over and solidified, the needle moved past "nearly" and fully into "totally" territory.

Naturally, this hasty cut-off had consequences; namely, an icicle straight through her urethra that wasn't going away. It was certainly kinda awkward to feel inside her, but at the same time, she didn't mind the chilly sensation, the way it gave her shivers. "Ooh, hehehehe," she giggled, wiggling her whole body from the butterflies fluttering in her tummy. She felt the sloshing in her back-mounted tank with each thrust, and while it was still 95% full, it had drained a bit and no longer felt set to blow. It also had the benefit of shaking off a few drops and ice crystals still stuck to her privates, though it wasn't enough to fully cleanse her down below. And, without anything to wipe with, that's just how it would have to be. "Guess I'm gonna wait for it to freeze dry."

When she opened her eyes after the laughing fit, angled downwards by chance, she was greeted by her final work: a messy, uneven, rough stalagmite of cloudy ice, quite pointy at the summit, surrounded on all sides by even more slippery goodness. "Well... It's not gonna win any ice sculpture contests, but I think it's still pretty cool!" The fact that she was still in a haze of bliss from creating it certainly colored her judgment, at least a bit.

Her euphoria was dampened as she felt another bit of cold brush past her crotch, making her lips feel blue and numb. "Woah, gotta cover that up! Can't have Beck seeing his big sister's igloo!" With a spring in her step, Cryo skipped to the opposite end of the room where she tossed her missing armor piece, taking care not to step in her piddle puddle.

Halfway through her strut, the sole door to the chamber was torn open from the outside, where a cloud of impact dust and mist silhouetted the culprit. In spite of this lack of information, or perhaps because of it, Cryo felt is necessary to cover her exposed parts with her hands before any wandering eyes could peek.

###

Raychel stumbled into the room, her joints whirring and straining with each movement. No injuries, the bots in this place didn't stand a chance against her honed and vicious fighting style, but she was still nearing her physical limits. Actually, "nearing" wasn't the right word, the more accurate descriptor was "disgustingly far past" her physical limits. Ray was gonna burst, she had to piss so ridiculously bad.

With every step becoming a brutal challenge, she had to admit something from between her sharp, clenched teeth. "Can't... Can't do this anymore..." A wild amount of energy was wreaking havoc inside her body, worming its way between her Xels and breaking them apart, destabilizing her composition. For somebody already in a precarious position, this could not be allowed to continue.

"Oh, another girl! Thank goodness!" With a sigh of relief, Cryo uncrossed her hands from over her crotch, totally at ease now that she had nothing she needed to hide. She was still exposed below the waist, but she wasn't bothered by it anymore.

If she were, she might have been happy to know that Ray hadn't even noticed her. If Cryo hadn't spoken up, she never would have known there was a partially nude woman in here. All Ray could think about was peeing, every ounce of focus she had was crushed under pounds of desperation. It had been that way the whole trek here, it was taking its toll on her, and she could no longer resist. Frustration and rage boiling over, she roared out, "GOTTA GOOOOOOOO!!!!"

She was about to burst, and frankly, she was okay with that. Her fight was gone, her defiance was shot, all that mattered was releasing this buildup of wild, uncontrollable energy. The problem was her armor. She'd go straight through it, that was always an option, but it wasn't ideal having all that against her crotch. That much energy lingering against her private stuff... Then again, it wasn't like she had anywhere close to enough time to actually get it off properly.

That left Ray but one option. "GRAAAAGGGHH!" With a guttural shout that shook the very foundation, her claws pulled away from their suffocating grip on her crotch and slashed at the plate covering her groin. Her brutal power ensured it was enough to tear through the thick metal sheet, completely obliterating that piece of her armor as it was ripped to shreds. She was good at what she did, but she was also frantic and desperate; a slight miscalculation could have resulted in a mangled vagina.

With pussy still intact, Ray spread her legs and thrust her hips forward, and she could hold no longer. Her contained contents were voided, flushed from her body, in a violent blast. Being a robot, Ray's brand of pee was far removed from human urine; it wasn't even a liquid! Her release was a perfectly straight, incandescent beam of energy that illuminated the space through which it flew, an observer could get a studio-lit view of Mighty Number 0's private parts. Cryo may have been a willing part of that audience.

The light on her beam was only a side-effect, a result of the large concentration of energy present. The other property of kinetic energy being expended, heat, was also present in spades. A haze distorted the view of the room in rippling waves around her laser, and the temperature shot up rapidly. Even with the multitude of cooling systems in place, Cryo's ice sculpture began sagging, dripping, and melting. Cryo herself was also not taking it too well.

But that was just its impact on the wider environment, the more localized impression was even more stunning. The shaft of power hit one small part of the floor, a floor composed of thick metal, and melted straight through. A circle just larger than the laser's radius was red-hot and molten, turning what was solid to boiling plasma, and that was just what they could see. Who knew what damage a concentrated attack like this could do against the building's wires, ducts, and supports if it remained unimpeded?

Ray wouldn't know. She was paying no attention to the consequences of her deed. After a slight start, a little jolt from the concussive force of sudden release when she began, she had settled into a state of acceptance, just waiting for it to pass by. All she could do was take in the sensations she was assaulted with. Although, with that said, she had to confess: it wasn't all that unpleasant. Wave after wave of harsh senses rolled over her, each one eliciting a quiet gasp very uncharacteristic from the Vermilion Destroyer. The soft grunts, combined with her one quivering eye, gave away her true feelings: this felt damn good. Ray wasn't well acquainted with the experience of "pleasure", but she knew this was very different from her usual torment of living, and that brought her... inner peace. She would be content with her existence if it could just be this.

So of course it was coming to a close in short order. The laser's thickness dropped, its radiance dimmed, and small gaps of emptiness appeared to break up the beam. Those holes grew larger, and soon, there was nothing but silence. Raychel had finished with her business. No liquids of any kind had been involved in the process, there was no need to clean up, but Ray still felt an almost instinctual need to do so anyway. Reaching back, she grabbed a corner of the tattered red energy cape fluttering behind her butt, and used it to rub down her vulva. Only when she had let go could it be declared that Mighty Number 0's piss was complete.

And Cryo had witnessed all of it. "Wow, you really needed that! Like, really needed it! Oh, I'm not a weirdo or anything! I get it, I do! You see that ice pile there, I had to go super bad too! Or, I guess it's more of a puddle now..." Her head drooped, she was legitimately crestfallen by her art being vandalized this way.

Despite the many words being thrown her way, Ray wasn't paying even a sliver of attention, not when she had so many other things to contend with. Her head was foggy, her joints were heavy, and her jaw hung agape. That last one, she didn't even notice it happening, and hastily corrected by slamming her mouth closed and gnashing her sharp teeth locked and shut. It didn't stop some choice... sounds sneaking their way through. "Hhmph... Ahhhnn... Mmngph..." What are these? These are not the... utterances a hunter should make!

If weird sounds were the worst of it, she might have been fine. But things suddenly got a whole lot more troublesome when Ray lost focus. As in, she suddenly couldn't focus, almost losing balance before clutching her face in one hand, claws scraping the side of her helmet's tall horns. Unfortunately, she knew this state of near-collapse all too well: malnourishment. Must... feed... All the energy, all the Xels she expelled, she already didn't have much to spare and now she was left with the bare minimum to survive, if only another minute. She could feel her consciousness fading, her pain dissipating, as she prepared to leave this mortal hell behind.

Of course, none of that was visible from the outside. From Cryo's perspective, it just looked like this robot stranger was following her appearance and was just acting edgy. And ignoring her. If there was anything Cryo hated, it was being ignored. "Hey, what's with the icy reception?! You think you can just give me the cold shoulder?!" It took a minute, but she did eventually come to the realization that there may be a reason for this behavior. "Uh... Are you cool?" She extended out a hand in support.

Distracted by so many things, Ray really hadn't noticed Cryo's presence, no matter how much Mighty Number 2 actively tried to make herself known. But this time, she did, and it convinced her not to go into the light. Another Mighty Number... Yes, that's right. I must have my answers! My revenge on that man! You... You will be better... More sustaining... "GIVE... ME... YOUR XELS!"

