What Can I Say? It's Complicated

Author: Char242

*005*2018-06-22 08:13

Chapter 3: The Beach, a Lesson, and Jellyfish Stings

It was a Monday afternoon as Miia, Saya, Akira, and Kenjiro sat down at Akira’s family’s crepe stand. As they ate their crepes, Kenjiro, asked, “So is anybody doing anything for Golden Week next week?”

“Nothing,” admitted Akira. “And you?”

“Same,” replied Kenjiro.

Suddenly Saya shot up from the table. “If you guys don’t have anything to do, then you should join Miia and I. We’ll be taking a trip to my family’s vacation home. It even has its own private beach. Wouldn’t it be fun if we could all go to the beach together?”

“Maybe it would be fun for you, but did you even consider that Miia won’t be able to get in the water?” asked Akira in a rather cold tone.

“I guess I didn’t,” answered Saya as she sat back down and looked at Miia’s hand. It had only been a couple weeks since Miia had broken three of her fingers and fractured her wrist while protecting Akira from Mai. Turning to Miia, she said, “We don’t have to go to my family’s vacation home or the beach. We can always find something else to do.”

“No, I’m perfectly fine with going to the beach,” replied Miia. “As long as I wrap my hand and wrist in waterproof material, it shouldn’t be a problem.”

“Are you sure?” asked Saya. “I don’t want to force you to go somewhere if you’re not going to have a good time.”

“Don’t worry, you’re not forcing me to do anything. I want to go,” smiled Miia as she wiped a bit of cream off the side of Saya’s face. She then turned her attention to Akira and Kenjiro. “So, do you want to come or not?”

“Of course,” responded Kenjiro. “It’s been forever since I’ve been to the beach.”

“You only want to go so that you can stare at Saya and Miia in their swimsuits, don’t you?” grinned Akira.

“I don’t know what you’re talking about,” blushed Kenjiro.

“Oh, I think you know exactly what I’m talking about. Miia is rather large in the chest department and Saya is curvy in all the right places. I bet you’ve been desperately waiting for a chance to see them with hardly any clothing on,” teased Akira.

“Is that true?” asked Saya as she folded her arms over her chest.

“Pervert,” muttered Miia as she too folded her arms over her chest.

“I’m not a pervert!” cried Kenjiro. “If anything, the only person I would want to see in a swimsuit is Akira.” The second he said that, he quickly covered his mouth with his hands. But it was too late, the damage had been done. Both Saya and Miia turned to look at Akira who was now staring at Kenjiro, her mouth open and her cheeks flush with embarrassment. Sensing how awkward the situation was, Kenjiro began laughing.

“What’s so funny?” spat Akira, her fist clenched and ready to punch him depending on his answer.

“I can’t believe you thought I was serious,” laughed Kenjiro.

“So what you said about wanting to see only me in swimsuit was a lie?” asked Akira, her embarrassment beginning to turn into rage.

“Of course,” replied Kenjiro. “Who would want to see your chest in a swimsuit anyway? I mean your practically flat as a board.” Suddenly Kenjiro felt a burning sensation across his cheek. Akira was now standing beside him. Her arm was raised and the palm of her hand was red. From the look on her face, she was trying to hold back tears.

“Well, I’m sorry I’m so flat,” she cried before running off.

“Akira wait!” yelled Kenjiro as he jumped out of his chair. However, Miia quickly intercepted him.

“I think you’ve done enough,” said Miia before turning her back to him. “You stay here, I’ll go talk to her.” Both Kenjiro and Saya watched as Miia ran after Akira. Once Miia was gone, Kenjiro sat back down and slumped forward.

“Idiot,” he mumbled to himself as he placed the palm of his hand over his face.

“Kenjiro?” asked Saya, her voice full of concern.

“What?”

“Are you in love with Akira?”

Kenjiro sat straight up, his face completely red. “Where did that come from?”

Saya stared at Kenjiro as she thought about how to phrase her words. “It’s just that it seems to me that you were lying about what you said being joke and that you calling her flat was a way of covering the truth. Am I wrong?”

“I wish I could say you were,” answered Kenjiro. “You’re right. I’ve been in love with Akira for a long time.”

“How long have you known each other?”

“Our mothers were close friends so she and I basically grew up together.”

“When did you fall in love with her?”

“I’m not exactly sure when it happened. All I remember is that when we were kids, I got picked on a lot for my evil looking eyes. I fought a lot back then and because of that everyone stayed away from me. Akira was the only one who stayed by my side and stood up for me. To be honest, Akira was a bit of a tomboy back then.” Kenjiro paused for a moment as though he were remembering something he’d rather forget. “At least that’s how it was until our first year of middle school.”

“What happened?”

“She changed,” replied Kenjiro. “As soon as our first year of middle school started, she began to dress more like a girl. She and I still hung out, but it seemed like there was a distance growing between us. Then a few days before Valentine’s Day during our first year of middle school, I happened to overhear a conversation between her and some other girls in the Home EC room after school. Apparently, she was making chocolate for Valentine’s Day. At some point, the other girls began teasing her about how the chocolate was for me. To tell you the truth, hearing that made me happy.

But what I heard after that broke my heart. As it turns out, the other girls were taunting her for hanging out with a delinquent like me. Instead of sticking up for me, I heard her say ‘I don’t like Jiro that way. He’s just an old family friend that follows me around like a lost puppy. It’s annoying really. The only reason I’m making chocolate for him is because he’s such a loser that he probably won’t receive any. The main reason I hang out with him is because I pity him.’” By this point, Kenjiro was fighting back tears. “On Valentine’s Day, she tried to give me the chocolate, but I rejected it. I told her that I had overheard everything and that I wasn’t a loser nor did I need her pity. After that, we stopped talking to one another for a while.”

“How could you still love her after that?” asked Saya.

“If there’s one thing I learned from that, love isn’t logical,” said Kenjiro. “Akira had given me a reason to hate her, and believe me, for the longest time I wanted to hate her. Yet, for some reason I couldn’t bring myself to hate her, not even when she began dating a bunch of loser guys.”

“Wait a second,” uttered Saya as she tried to wrap her head around what Kenjiro had just said. “Did you just say that she dated guys?”

“Yeah,” replied Kenjiro. “She’s also dated a couple of girls other than Miia as well. Akira is bisexual.”

“Does Miia know?”

“Yes,” answered Kenjiro. “They were in the same class for five years so it would be difficult to not find out sooner or later.”

“Do either of them know that you’re in love with Akira?”

“No, and I prefer it stay that way,” said Kenjiro. “It would only complicate things if she found out.”

“But doesn’t she at least deserve to know the way you really feel about her?” questioned Saya. “If you love her, you should tell her.”

“It’s because I love her that I can’t,” answered Kenjiro. “When you truly fall in love with someone, you want them to be happy, even if their happiness is a result of them falling in love with someone else. So long as Akira is happy with Miia, I will not tell her how I feel.”

“That’s so stupid,” muttered Saya. “If I were in Akira’s shoes, I’d at least want to know.”

“Well then, let me ask you this,” replied Kenjiro. “Have you ever been in love before?” Kenjiro’s question caught Saya off guard.

“I honestly don’t know,” answered Saya. “What does it feel like?”

“That’s a hard question to answer because it’s different for everybody. The best way I can explain it is that your heart skips a beat when you’re around that person. You want to spend all your time with them and learn everything there is to know about them, both the good and bad. You want to kiss them and hold them close, let them see the sides of you that you can show to no one else. At least, that’s what I think. Did that help?”

“I think so,” smiled Saya as she stood up. “I should probably get going now. I have a lot to think about.”

“Do you want me to walk you home?”

“I can get home from here. Just let Miia know where I went when she gets back. See you later.” And with that Saya left for home, unsure of what to do with the new information she had acquired.

###

It was now Saturday morning as Miia, Akira, Saya, and Kenjiro made their way down the path from Saya’s vacation home to the private beach. The group was almost through the twenty-minute walk from the house to the beach, none of them having said a word. Wanting to break the awkward silence, Kenjiro turned to Akira and said, “You know I’m really glad you came. I was worried that you weren’t going to come after what I said to you earlier in the week.”

“Of course, I’d come,” grumbled Akira. “Someone has to keep you in check and it might as well be me.”

Before Kenjiro could say anything more, Saya shouted, “Look everyone, we’re here.” Sure enough, the trees along the path opened up revealing a wide patch of beach.

“It’s beautiful,” uttered Akira as she stared at the ocean.

Miia walked over to Saya and whispered, “Please try to remember our promise about swimming in the ocean.”

“I will,” promised Saya. “Now let’s get down there and have some fun.”

###

Minutes later, the group set up a beach umbrella and some beach chairs. Kenjiro watched as the girls took of their shirts and shorts revealing their bathing suits underneath. Miia was wearing a pink bikini and Saya was wearing a sky-blue one-piece. However, Kenjiro was more focused on Akira who was wearing a dark red bikini, the bra obviously padded. What Akira lacked in the breast size, she more than made up for with her long beautiful legs and decent sized hips. Akira noticed Kenjiro staring with his mouth wide open. “What are you looking at me for? Are you planning to make fun of my breasts again?” she asked angrily.

“Nnnno,” stuttered Kenjiro as he tried to form the word.

“Then why are you staring at me?”

“It’s just that your swimsuit really suits you. It makes you look really cute,” admitted Kenjiro.

“I already know I’m cute. I don’t need to hear that from you,” blushed Akira. Before she could say anything more, a loud buzzing filled the air. “Hey, do you guys hear that?”

“Yeah,” answered Kenjiro as he took a few steps forward trying to focus in on the sound. “It almost sounds like a motor.” Sure enough, seconds later an ATV burst through the path that the group had just come from. Driving it was Hana Endo, the group’s homeroom teacher and Kenjiro’s older sister. Kenjiro jumped back as Endo-sensei slid to a stop. “Watch it!” he shouted as he brushed off some of the sand that the ATV had kicked up.

“Sorry about that,” said Endo-sensei as she turned off the ATV. As she dismounted, the group noticed that she was a wearing sexy black bikini. “Man, this thing is cool,” she exclaimed as she took another good look at it.

Kenjiro turned to Saya and asked, “Why is she here anyways? I thought it was supposed to be just us four.”

“Didn’t I tell you?” asked Saya. “Uncle Boris asked Endo-sensei to watch over Miia and myself during Golden Week since he has to guard my father while he’s on a business trip.”

“Couldn’t that guy have asked somebody else?” whined Kenjiro.

“Jiro, quit complaining and help me untie the cooler,” ordered Endo-sensei, her fist poised to strike him.

“Yes sis,” grumbled Kenjiro as he helped unhook the cooler.

Miia walked up to Endo-sensi and said, “Thank you so much for coming Endo-sensei. If you hadn’t agreed to come, Boris-san wouldn’t have let us come. I’m sorry if this ruined your Golden Week plans.”

“Don’t worry about it,” smiled Endo-sensei. “It’s not like I had any plans anyways.”

“If you hadn’t asked her to come, she probably would’ve spent the week sleeping, drinking, and vegging out on the couch,” added Kenjiro who was on his knees untying the cooler. Suddenly Endo-sensei’s fist crashed down on the top of his head. “Owwww,” whined Kenjiro as he rubbed a spot where a bump would surely grow.

“Shut up you ungrateful little brat,” spat Endo-sensei. She then turned her attention towards a clearly shocked Miia. “He likes to make up lies. As I was saying it’s no problem at all. By the way, since we are not on school grounds, you can just call me Hana. Endo-sensei is way too formal for me.”

“Alright Hana,” said Saya. “We are in your care.”

“Hey, where’s Aki-chan?” asked Hana. “I’m sure I saw her a minute ago.”

“I think she’s hiding over by our stuff,” answered Saya. And sure enough, Akira was trying to hide behind the beach chairs.

“I see,” said Hana as she began walking towards Akira. Miia and Saya followed her while Kenjiro tagged along behind them with the cooler. Hana was a couple feet away from Akira when she finally addressed her. “You know Aki-chan, I’m starting to feel like you’re trying to avoid your big sister.”

“Big sister?” repeated Miia.

“When Akira and Kenjiro were little kids, Akira would follow me around from time to time and call me big sis. It was the cutest little thing,” explained Hana as she smiled.

“I guess you did mention on the first day of the new school year that you knew her when she was younger,” said Miia. She paused for a moment as she thought back to the incident. “If I remember correctly, you said that when she was little she was a bit of a tomboy.”

“Oh she was,” laughed Hana as she began to reminisce. “Aki-chan was always wearing boys clothes and enjoyed roughhousing with the other boys, especially Kenjiro. In fact, when they were little, those two were practically inseparable.”

“What sorts of things did they like to do?” asked Miia.

“These two did a lot of things together,” began Hana. “They even made a game to see who could best each other.”

“How did the game work?” questioned Saya, her interest suddenly peaked.

“Jiro and Aki-chan would challenge each other in various activities. Whoever won would get to tell the loser what to do for the rest of the day,” explained Hana. Then without warning, she started laughing.

“What’s so funny?” asked Saya.

“I’m just remembering one of the contests they used to do,” replied Hana.

“Could you please tell us?” begged Mia, unable to hold back her curiosity.

“Sure,” answered Hana. “There was one contest they used to do on a regular basis where they would…” Realizing what was about to happen, Kenjiro pressed his hand over his sister’s mouth. “Mmmffff” mumbled Hana.

“Sis, please don’t say anything more,” ordered Kenjiro. Suddenly Kenjiro felt his sister’s tongue tickle the palm of his hand. “Gross!” screamed Kenjiro as he yanked his hand away.

“As I was saying before I was so rudely interrupted, there was one activity that they liked to compete in on a regular basis. When I was tasked with watching them, I would walk out to the backyard from time to time and they would both be out there with their pants down. They were having peeing contests to see who could pee farther. It was always funny to watch Akira lean forward and try to pee like a boy. I can’t tell you how many times I had to clean her pants for her.”

“Stop it!” yelled Akira, her face now completely red.

“Oh come on,” laughed Hana, “it’s a good story.” She then turned her attention back to the other two girls. “After the eighth or ninth time that happened, I decided to teach myself how to pee standing up so that I could teach her.”

“And did you?” asked Miia, her face slightly red.

“I sure did,” replied Hana, puffing up her chest. “By the time they stopped doing the contest in the sixth grade, Akira could pee through the zipper of her fly almost as well as any guy. Of course, she would still get a few drops on her pants here and there.”

Saya turned to Akira and said, “I didn’t know you could pee standing up. Why didn’t you do that when you were showing me the squat toilets on the second day of school?’

“Because I don’t pee standing up anymore,” answered Akira coldly. “I’m not the tomboy that I was as a little kid. I’m a woman now and normal women don’t pee standing.”

“That’s strange,” said Hana. “I know plenty of women who dream of being able to pee like guys.”

“Well I’m not one of them,” retorted Akira as she turned her back to the group and began walking toward the ocean. “I’m going to go get in the water. Are you coming Miia?”

“In a minute,” she replied. “I just need to wrap my cast.”

“I’ll help you,” added Hana. And so, Hana helped Miia wrap her arm. After that she blew up one of the inflatable tubes for Miia to lounge on while she was in the ocean. The two then joined Akira in the water shortly thereafter.

###

Kenjiro was sitting on one of the beach towels. His shirt was off and he was applying sunscreen on his chest. Saya was sitting next to him. She had just finished applying sunscreen to the spots that she could reach. Turning to Kenjiro, she asked, “Kenjiro, could you please put some sunscreen on the back of my neck and shoulders.

“Sure,” responded Kenjiro as he squeezed some sunscreen on to his hands, “also please call me Jiro.” He watched as she pulled her hair out of the way. Kenjiro then began rubbing the sunscreen on the back of Saya’s neck. Saya shuddered a bit as she felt the cold touch of the sunscreen. “Is it too cold for you?” asked Kenjiro as he finished up with her neck.

“No,” stuttered Saya. As Kenjiro began applying sunscreen to the back of her shoulders, Saya let out a low moan.

“Is everything alright?”

“Yes, but could you please apply it a little harder. I don’t want my skin to burn.”

“Alright,” replied Kenjiro as he began rubbing a little harder. As he did so, he could hear another moan escape Saya’s lips. Kenjiro had to stop for a second to collect himself. He could feel his snake stiffening. It definitely wouldn’t look good if the other three came back and saw what was going on. After a few seconds passed, he began rubbing her shoulders again.

“Harder,” she ordered. Kenjiro did as he was told. “Harder.” Again, he did as he was told. “Ohhh God, that’s the spot,” she moaned.

“Okay that’s enough,” declared Kenjiro as he moved his hands away from her. His pole was now standing erect.

“You’re no fun,” grumbled the blond girl as she turned around. The red eye told Kenjiro that Mai was in control.

“You shouldn’t be here,” he said as he began to slowly crawl backwards. A couple seconds later, he backed into the pole of the beach umbrella. Before he had time to react, Mai crawled over to him so that she was now sitting between his legs.

“Oh my,” she exclaimed as she ran her fingers along the mountain in Kenjiro’s trunks. “It seems like somebody got a little too excited.”

“Please don’t,” he moaned.

“Give me a reason why I should stop,” grinned Mai as she began straddling his lap, her hands still running along Kenjiro’s crotch.

“Because the others will see us and come to stop you.”

“That would make a convincing argument if that were possible.”

“What are you talking about?”

Mai smiled as she explained the situation. “The other girls are too far out to see us. And even if they did, all I would have to do is make it look like you tried to attack Saya.”

“What do you want from me?”

“I just want you to hear me out. I can make it worth your while if you do.”

“Just tell me what you want already.”

“Geez,” she whined, “you really take the fun out of things.” She then moved closer and looked deep into his eyes. “Listen up and listen good. I did not come here to harm you or anyone else today. In fact, I am here to warn you.”

“Warn me about what?”

“I believe that Kana is planning something and it won’t be good news for you or Akira.”

“The green-eyed personality is planning something bad?

“Yes.”

“That’s crazy,” replied Kenjiro. “You’re the evil one. Why should I believe anything you say?”

“Because you’re the only one stupid enough to hear me out. Now will you let me explain or not?”

“Fine,” he relented, “go on.”

“I don’t know the particulars, but I do know this. Kana wants Akira out of the way so that Saya can have Miia all to herself.”

“Isn’t that what you want?” asked Kenjiro.

“Yes, but I’m more open about it. Kana on the other hand likes to sit quietly in the background where she can manipulate people without them evening knowing. That makes her even more dangerous as you don’t know what she’ll do or how she’ll do it. I don’t think she’ll do anything on this trip, but you should still be wary of her. If you’re not careful, she might just try to get rid of you too.”

“When you say get rid of, what do you mean?” asked Kenjiro.

“It’s best if you don’t ask questions that you don’t want answers to.”

“Then can I ask why you’re warning me?”

Mai looked at him and smiled. “Because I like you. Now for your reward…” Kenjiro trembled a little as Mai leaned forward. She then scrunched his cheeks in her hand and kissed him. He could feel her tongue in his mouth. The kiss only lasted a few seconds. As the blond girl pulled away, Kenjiro noticed that the red eye had been replaced with a green one.

“Kana?”

Kana merely looked at him. “Kenjiro, I must ask what you and Mai were discussing and why Saya’s body is straddling your groin?”

“Mai was just teasing me is all,” lied Kenjiro. Suddenly he felt a sharp pain in his groin. Looking down, he saw that Kana’s hand was wrapped tightly around his still erected crotch. As he looked back up into Kana’s eyes, he saw a serious expression on her face.

“It’s not good to lie to me Kenjiro,” she stated calmly as she tightened her grip. “Now why don’t you tell me what I want to know.”

“I’m telling you the truth. Mai was teasing me in an attempt to see if she could control me or not. Now please let go.”

Kana paused for a second before releasing her grip. “I don’t know what Mai told you, but whatever it was she is lying to you. If you’re not careful, she will manipulate you into doing her dirty work for her.” Kana then backed away from Kenjiro. “I’m sorry for being so rough with you. Please understand that I only did what I did to make sure that you are not succumbing to her charms.”

“I understand,” winced Kenjiro as he looked down at his groin. A few seconds passed before he looked back up. This time Saya was in control.

“Hey Jiro, you don’t look too good. Is everything all right?”

“Yeah,” he said as he stood up. “I just need to take leak.” He then got up and began walking for the trees. Once he was out of sight, he fell to his knees. He didn’t know what just happened, but one thing was for certain, one of the two personalities was lying. The only question was which one was it.

###

By midday, Saya and Akira were the only ones in the water. Both girls were lounging on innertubes about twenty feet from shore. Meanwhile Kenjiro, Hana, and Miia were sitting on the beach chairs underneath the umbrella. Kenjiro and Miia had fallen asleep due to exhaustion while a slightly buzzed Hana was beginning to doze off.

After a few more minutes of lounging, Akira began paddling her way back towards shore. Saya followed her out of curiosity. She watched as Akira threw her innertube onto the sand and began walking towards a tall rock formation several yards away along the beach. Saya decided to follow her. The two had only taken a few steps when Akira turned around and asked rather roughly, “Why are you following me?”

“I was just wondering where you were going is all,” replied Saya, taken aback by Akira’s tone.

“I need to pee,” she answered.

“Outside?”

“No, in the toilet. Of course I’m going to go outside! Now please leave me be.”

“But I need to go too,” whimpered Saya as she crossed her legs and began holding her crotch.

“And your point?”

“I was hoping I could go with you since I’ve never peed outside before.”

“I’m sorry but there are somethings that I would like to do alone.”

“But…”

“Just shut up!” screamed Akira. Her words silenced Saya. “God your annoying. I don’t know how Miia puts up with you. Why don’t you just grow up and stop relying on others for every little thing?”

“Why are you being so mean?” asked Saya.

“Because it’s always Saya this and Saya that. Your all Miia ever talks about. Ever since you started attending school, she’s been spending most of her time babysitting you to the point that she hardly has time to spend with me. Honestly, I’m getting sick of it. What’s worse is that you caused her injury because you can’t control those other personalities and yet you act like nothing happened. You need to grow up and understand that Miia’s life can’t revolve around you forever. Miia needs to have a life outside of you.”

“I know that.”

“I don’t think you do because if you did, you would let her have a life of her own.” With those parting words, Akira took off for the rocks.

Saya stood there in silence for a few second before a hand was placed on the back of her shoulder. As she turned around, she saw Hana standing behind her. “Is everything alright?” asked Hana.

“What did you hear?”

“Nothing,” lied Hana. “But from the look of things, it seemed like you two were having an argument. Now I’m going to ask again, is everything alright?”

“Everything’s fine,” answered Saya. Suddenly she felt something warm near her crotch. Looking down, she saw a small stream of urine was beginning to run down her thighs. It took a few seconds, but Saya managed to get it under control. She just hoped that Hana hadn’t noticed it.

However, Hana must have noticed it as she quickly grabbed Saya’s hand and said, “Come on sweetie,” as she led Saya over to the rocks.

“Where are we going?” asked Saya as she was pulled along.

“We’re going to go take a leak,” replied Hana.

“But I’ve never peed outside before.”

“Don’t worry, I’ll teach you.”

###

A couple minutes later, Saya and Hana had caught up to Akira who was just getting into a squatting position behind the rocks. “What are you doing back here?” hissed Akira the moment she saw Saya.

“She needs to pee and this spot provides the best cover,” answered Hana. “Now you can either accept it or go somewhere else.”

“Fine,” relented Akira as she turned her back to them.

“Ok,” said Hana as she turned to Saya. “Let’s get that suit off of you.” Hana got behind Saya and helped her take off the one-piece suit. “Now just squat down like Akira is doing and let it flow.” Saya squatted down as she had been told. A minute passed, but she found herself unable to go.

“I don’t think I can do this,” said Saya.

“Maybe it will help if somebody goes next to you,” commented Hana. Saya watched as Hana took off her black bikini bottom and slung it over her shoulder. However instead of squatting, Hana spread her legs, bent her knees, and leaned her hips forward. She then placed her hands on her crotch and began to spread her labia. A few seconds later, a golden geyser spewed forward, soaking the sand four feet in front of her, changing it from a light brown to a dark brown.

“That’s amazing!” cried Saya as she stood up and moved closer to Hana to get a better look. All the while, Akira was still in a squatting position roughly ten feet away from them, unable to go for a reason she could not understand.

“That nothing,” chuckled Hana. “Watch this.” Hana then began shifting her stance and moving her hips around. Much to Saya’s amazement, a pattern was beginning to form in the sand drenched in Hana’s piss. It took a couple minutes for her to finish, but by the time she was done, Hana had written her name in kanji.

“You’ve got to teach me that,” said Saya excitedly.

“Whoa there sweetie. First you need to learn how to pee standing up before you can even attempt something like this.”

“Will you teach me then?”

“Of course,” smiled Hana as she walked behind Saya. “The first thing you need to do is to spread your legs and bend your knees forward.” Saya did as she was told. “Next you’re going to lean your hips forward.”

“Like this?” asked Saya as she tried to lean forward.

“No, that’s not far enough,” replied Hana. “If you do that, you’ll only end up pissing on your legs and feet. Here, I’ll help you.” Saya felt Hana place a hand on her butt and another hand on her hip. Hana gently moved Saya’s body into the right position as though she were a doll. “That should do it,” she said as she walked in front of Saya. “Now comes the difficult part. You’re going to need to use both hands to spread your labia.”

“My what?”

“It would probably be better if I showed you. Now watch closely.” Saya watched as Hana demonstrated how to spread the labia. “Now you try.”

“Ok,” said Saya as she tried to spread it. Her body cringed as her fingers touched the inner lining of the labia. It took her a few seconds, but she was eventually able to spread it a bit. “What do I do now?”

“Just pee. You might need to give it a little push though.”

“Alright.” Saya took a deep breath and pushed with all the force she could muster. A few seconds later, urine came splashing out. Unfortunately, it came out as a spray with hardly any dstance. “Oh no,” she cried as she felt more urine droplets run down her legs. It took everything she had to get her urine to stop. “What did I do wrong?”

“I’m not sure,” answered Hana. “However, I need you to hold that stance for me for a few seconds while I take a look. Please try not to pee on me.” Hana then walked in front of Saya and knelt down. As she examined Saya’s positioning, a smile began to form along her face. Standing up, she said, “I think I know what the problem is.”

“What is it?”

“You’re not spreading far enough. Here, let me help you.” Hana got behind Saya and slowly placed her hands over Saya’s. Using the tips of her fingers, she helped Saya spread herself. “That should do it. Go ahead and pee.”

“But if I do that, your fingers will get wet.”

“It’s no big deal, I can wash it off afterwards. Now pee.”

“I’ll try,” she mumbled as she gave another push. This time a yellow stream shot forward before arching and slamming into the sand less than a foot and a half away. As Saya looked down at the stream, it reminded her of a garden hose. “I’m doing it!” she exclaimed as she watched her pee create a puddle in the sand.

“Does it feel good?” asked Hana.

“It feels strange,” replied Saya, “but a good kind of strange.”

Hana laughed, “You remind me so much of Akira when she was first starting out. Given time, you might even get so good at this that you might be able to do it through your zipper without making a mess.”

“But I don’t wear pants,” commented Saya.

“Fine, you’ll be able to do it while only lifting the front of your skirt. Wouldn’t that make things more convenient for you?”

“Maybe. I’ll have to think about it.”

“You truly are a strange girl,” chuckled Hana. Saya’s steam lasted a little less than two minutes before dying out. “Now that you’re done, go wash yourself off in the ocean.” Saya nodded her head, walked into the ocean, and squatted down so that the water could wash off the urine. While Saya was cleaning herself off, Hana returned her attention to Akira who was still in a squatting position. “Having trouble going?”

“Shut up,” hissed Akira as she stood up and pulled up her bikini bottom. “I just didn’t have to go as bad as I thought.” And with that she walked back to where Kenjiro and Miia were.

“I don’t know what her issue is, but she’s going to need to resolve it before it takes its toll,” muttered Hana as she put on her bikini bottom.

“I’m done,” called Saya as she got out of the ocean and walked back towards Hana. Saya then put her suit back on.

“You did a good job for your first try,” said Hana as she put her hand on Saya’s shoulder and gave it a tight squeeze. “I’m very proud of you.”

“Thank you,” replied Saya, blushing a little. As they began to walk back, Saya asked. “Can we keep this a secret between us? I don’t want Miia to know just yet. I want to get really good at this so I can impress her.”

“Of course,” answered Hana. “Just let me know if you want my help again.”

“I will,” smiled Saya.

###

The moment Saya got back to the others, she grabbed her innertube and got back into the ocean. As she lay in the innertube, she thought about all the things that Akira had said to her. While Akira had been incredibly nasty towards her, Saya understood that some of the things Akira said weren’t wrong. Ever since Miia and Saya were children, Miia had been watching out for Saya. The more Saya thought about it, the more she began to think about all the things Miia must have had to sacrifice for her.

The worst part of it was that Saya had never once thanked her for it or even acknowledged it. Instead she had always lived with the belief that Miia would always be there to take care of her and had unwittingly taken her kindness for granted. A tear began to run down her cheek as these thoughts raced through her mind. “No, I can’t cry,” she said to herself as she wiped the tear away. “Akira’s right. I need to start becoming more independent, even if that means losing Miia in the process.” However, the moment she said it, she felt a sharp pain in her chest. “What was that?” she asked herself. “Did breakfast give me heartburn or something?”

Her thoughts were interrupted as she heard a roaring sound behind her. She had just enough time to turn around as a large wave crested beneath her, causing her innertube to flip over. It took her a couple seconds to resurface. She quickly grabbed the handle of the innertube and was beginning to pull herself up when she heard the roaring sound again. This time the wave smashed into her head on, hurling her innertube towards the beach. The wave dragged her a few feet underwater. Using all the strength she could muster, she burst back to the surface just as another wave crashed down over head, threatening to take her back under. Saya burst back to the surface and began screaming for help. While most swimmers would have tried to use the waves to project themselves forward, Saya was a rather poor swimmer. In fact, it was taking everything she had just to keep her head above water.

Suddenly another wave came crashing down on her head, bringing her back underwater. As she tried to swim back to the surface, she felt a stinging pain in her left leg. It locked up seconds later as she was a foot from reaching the surface. As she reached her arm towards the surface, another wave crashed down above her, with the undertow sucking her down deeper into the water. She began to flail as she tried to fight her way to the surface. Her lungs were on fire as she tried to hold her breath, but a few seconds later, her lungs gave in and began to take on water. Saya’s last thought as she blacked out was that she wished she could thank Miia for everything she had done for her.

###

Miia and Kenjiro had just woken up from their naps and were looking out at the ocean when they heard a bloodcurdling scream and a cry for help. Miia put on her glasses and looked out towards the ocean. She could see an innertube being pushed towards shore by the waves. As she got up and took a few steps forwards, she could see a girl splashing about in the distance as waves continued to drag her under. Even from that distance, Miia knew without a doubt that the girl was Saya. “SAYA!!!” she screamed as she began running for the ocean. She was a couple feet away from the water when she felt someone grab her and pull her backwards. Turning her head, she saw that it was Hana. “What are you doing? Saya’s drowning. I need to go save her.”

“IDIOT!” yelled Hana. “What do you think you can do with that injured arm of yours? If you go out there, you’ll be pulled under too.”

“She’s right,” said Akira as she helped hold Miia in place from the front. “In your condition you’ll drown before you can even get to her.”

“I don’t care,” cried Miia as she struggled to break free. “Please let me go. I need to save her.” Suddenly the screams stopped and much to Miia’s horror, Saya was dragged under again. Seconds passed, but she did not come back up. “LET ME GO!” she screamed as she struggled harder. “SAYA!! SAYA!!!”

Then almost like a blur, something big ran past the girls and dove into the water. Using his muscular body to his advantage, Kenjiro easily pushed through the incoming waves as he made his way to the spot he had last seen her go under. It had been over a minute since she had disappeared below the surface. As he hovered over the spot where she had disappeared, he took a deep breath and dove down. It took his eyes a few seconds to adjust to the water, but as they did, he noticed a human shape laying on the ocean floor roughly thirty feet below the surface. It was Saya. His adrenaline kicking in, Kenjiro swam down faster than he had ever swam before.

Throwing her body over his shoulder, he placed his feet on the ground. Using the ocean floor as a spring board, Kenjiro shot himself up towards the surface. He was about ten feet from the surface when he felt a sharp pain on his chest. Doing his best to ignore it, he used his legs and free arm to get him the rest of the way to the surface. Then using the waves to his advantage, Kenjiro began to swim back to shore. Even with his speed, it would take him another minute and a half to reach shore. With the last of his strength, he carried Saya’s body a few feet up the beach before setting her down and falling onto his back, desperately panting for breath.

“SAYA!!!” screamed Miia as she finally managed to break past Akira and Hana. Miia quickly knelt down and placed her head to Saya’s chest. “She’s not breathing!” she screamed as the other two girls rushed towards her. Without thinking about what it would do to her injured hand, Miia began giving chest compressions. She gave Saya thirty chest compressions before stopping to listen to her chest. “Damn it Saya, don’t you die on me,” she cried as she prepared herself to give a second set of chest compressions. Miia’s injured hand was beginning to hurt.

“Miia, you need to stop,” ordered Hana. “If you keep doing that you’ll injure your hand worse than it already is.”

“But if I don’t do it, she’ll die,” responded Miia.

“Fine,” said Hana as she pushed Miia out of the way before she could start the second set. “I’ll take care of the chest compressions. When I give the word, I want you to give her mouth to mouth.”

“Ok,” agreed Miia as she positioned herself next to Saya’s head. She then carefully tilted Saya’s head back and began preparing herself for Hana’s signal.

“Now!” shouted Hana as she finished a set of chest compressions. Miia pinched Saya’s nose and gave three breaths. When Saya didn’t respond, Hana began a second set of chest compressions. “I have never lost a student and I refuse to start now. Miia, give her another set of breaths.” Miia did as she was told. There was still no response. They went through the cycle a third time and again nothing happened. Before Hana could start her fourth round of compressions, Akira leaned over Saya’s body and began performing them herself.

“You’ve done enough. I’ll take over from here,” said Akira as she continued to do compressions. Once she reached thirty, she gave Miia the go ahead to start the breaths. Saya would still not wake up.

“We’re running out of time,” cried Hana as she looked down at her waterproof watch. It had been roughly five minutes since Saya was dragged underwater. If another minute passed without oxygen, Saya could experience brain damage or worse.

“Damn it, I swear that if you die on me I will never forgive you,” shouted Miia, as she prepared to give her fifth set of breaths. Finally, on the last breath, Miia felt Saya’s body begin to stir. She then gave a nod to Hana who quickly turned Saya onto her side. The group of girls breathed a sigh of relief as Saya began gasping and coughing up seawater. It took a few minutes before Saya was able to sit up. The moment she was able to sit up, she looked at the people around her.

“Well that was a close call,” she panted.

Miia glared at her. “What were you thinking? You know you’re not a good swimmer. You even broke your promise to me that you would not go out there by yourself.”

“Look Miia, I’m not a child so you can quit treating me like one,” stated Saya. Suddenly she felt Miia’s good hand strike her cheek.

“IDIOT!!!” screamed Miia. She then wrapped her arms around Saya and began sobbing hysterically. “You nearly died. I don’t know what I would have done if I had lost you. Please don’t ever scare me like that again.”

“I promise,” replied Saya, choking back tears of her own. The happy reunion was quickly shattered by the moans of pain coming from behind them. As the four girls looked behind them, they saw that Kenjiro was still laying in the sand. The only thing that was different was that he was clutching his chest.

“Jiro, what’s wrong?” asked Hana as she knelt beside her brother.

“My chest hurts,” he moaned.

“Let me see,” ordered Hana. As she moved Kenjiro’s hands, her eyes widened in shock as she noticed a large, red, splotchy area on the middle of his chest. “That’s not good.”

“What’s going on?” asked Akira. “Is Jiro going to be alright?”

“It looks like he was stung by a jellyfish. We need to treat it now.”

“What do we do?” asked Saya.

“The quickest way to treat a jellyfish sting is to pee on it,” replied Hana. “I’d do it except my bladder’s running on empty. Does anyone else need to pee?”

Akira slowly raised her hand and stated, “I still haven’t peed. I could probably do it but I would need the rest of you to look away.”

“That’s fine,” said Hana. “Miia, Saya, please head over to the towels and do not look back.” Miia and Saya did as they were told. Hana then turned her back to Akira and Kenjiro and walked a few feet away from them. “Do what you have to do.”

“Alright,” said Akira as she removed her bikini bottom and stood over Kenjiro’s chest. She then slowly lowered herself until she was almost sitting on top of him. Digging her knees into the sand on each side of Kenjiro, Akira used one of her hands to spread her labia while placing her other hand on Kenjiro’s chest for better balance. She then leaned forward the way a female dog would. Luckily for her, the positioning of her hand and body prevented Kenjiro from getting a good look at her. “This sucks,” she whispered to herself.

“You don’t have to do this if you don’t want to,” stated Kenjiro, having heard her complaint.

“Look, I’m not doing this because I want to. I’m doing this because you’re my friend and because I know you would do the same for me. Now shut up and let me concentrate.” Akira took a couple deep breaths as she focused on the task at hand. A minute passed but nothing happened. “My body’s too nervous. I can’t go. I need something to make me laugh.”

“How about this?” asked Kenjiro as he thought of a story from his past. “Do you remember the last pee contest we had? You had gotten so good that in a desperate attempt to surpass you, I ended up drenching the front of my pants and had to stay the night at your place as punishment.”

“I do,” laughed Akira. “For the longest time after that my parents would joke about whether you needed to start wearing diapers.” The more she thought about it, the harder she laughed. Suddenly she felt something leak out of her. As she looked down, she saw a small trickle of urine beginning to pool on Kenjiro’s chest. Akira began pushing harder and within seconds, the small trickle turned into a full-on spray. Akira slowly began wiggling her hips forwards and backwards and from side to side in an attempt to douse every last inch of the jellyfish sting. As she did this, she lost her balance and her butt made contact with Kenjiro’s chest. Kenjiro grunted in pain.

“Sorry,” she stuttered as she cutoff her stream. As she looked down at the jellyfish sting, she noticed that it was more concentrated towards the middle of Kenjiro’s chest. While she had been able to get most of the sting by spraying from the position she was in earlier, she felt as though she was still missing an important area. The more she thought about it, the sooner she realized what she had to do. “Hey Jiro, I’m going to need to change positions which means you’ll be able to see my you know what. Could you please close your eyes?”

“Sure, but I don’t see what the big deal is. It’s not like I haven’t seen it before.”

“That was back when we were kids,” blushed Akira. “It’s changed since then.”

“Has it gotten hairier?” teased Kenjiro. For whatever reason, he found Akira the cutest when she was embarrassed. Seeing her blush like that made him want to tease her all the more. “Do you still have that one birth mark on the top of your crotch?”

“SHUT UP!” she hissed, her face now as red as a tomato. “Say anything more and I swear I will yank your trunks down and call the other girls over here.”

“Please do it anyway,” called Hana, her back still turned. “It’ll teach him to be a little nicer to women.”

“Stay out of this you damn hag,” spat Kenjiro. He then turned his attention back to Akira. “Fine, I’ll shut my eyes.” The moment he shut his eyes, Akira repositioned herself so that she was now sitting on his chest just below the sting with her legs spread open. She then restarted her stream. Kenjiro could feel the warm spray on his chest and thought about how it felt like he was in a shower. As seconds passed with his eyes closed, he felt an urge to peek. Just barely opening one eye, he happened to spy a small birthmark and a patch of hair. “Brown,” he mumbled to himself.

“Oh my God, your peeking, aren’t you?” shouted Akira.

“It was an accident,” replied Kenjiro shutting his eyes as tight as he could. “I swear I’ll make it up to you.”

“You better,” she warned. It would take a minute or so for Akira to finish. Once she was done, she got off of Kenjiro and put her bikini bottom back on. “Let’s never do that again.”

“Agreed,” nodded Kenjiro

“Oh my,” cried Hana trying to hold back her laughter. “Is that your keys, or are you just happy to see Aki-chan.”

“What are you talking about?” asked Kenjiro as he slowly looked down at where his sister was looking at. Sure enough, the mountain in his trunks was back.

“You’re sick!” screamed Akira as she looked at his erected groin.

“It’s a natural response to what I just went through. If anything, you should be proud that you got arise out of me at all.”

“Hey, I got an idea,” said Hana with a wicked grin. “Since he peeked at you, it’s only right that you get a little peek back.”

“I thought I told you to stay out of this,” shouted Kenjiro.

“Your sister is right,” stated Akira. “Since you saw mine, it’s only fair that I see yours. Now show me.”

“Damn it,” relented Kenjiro as he slowly stretched out his shorts so that Akira could look. His face went beet red as Akira walked over and looked down into Kenjiro’s trunks. Turning his head away, he said “Are you satisfied?”

“Yes,” replied Akira. “Now let’s go get our stuff together. We should probably get you to a doctor.”

###

As the group was packing up their stuff, Kenjiro happened to look over at Saya. “Hey sis, is the mark running down the side of Saya’s leg from a jellyfish sting too?”

“What are you talking abou…” but before Hana could finish her sentence, she noticed the mark on Saya’s leg. “Yep, that’s a jellyfish sting alright.”

“But I can’t feel anything,” replied Saya as she looked down at the mark.

“That’s probably because your adrenaline’s still pumping from earlier,” said Hana. “Once the adrenaline wears off though, I can guarantee that it’s going to hurt like hell.” Turning to the other members of the group, she asked, “Does anyone else need to pee?”

“I could probably go,” blushed Miia as she placed her good hand in front of her crotch and began squirming a bit. Her original plan had been to wait to use the bathroom until they got back to the house. Miia gave a Hana a look of embarrassment that told her everything she needed to know.

“Everyone turn around so that we can give them some privacy,” ordered Hana. Once Akira and Kenjiro were turned around, Hana grabbed one of the towels and used it as a screen for Miia and Saya. She then turned her head and said, “Go ahead and do your stuff.”

“Thank you,” whispered Miia. Saya sat down and prepared her leg for treatment. Miia slowly lowered herself so that she was hovering right over Saya’s leg. Unlike Akira, Miia decided to keep her bikini bottom on as it was still difficult to take things off with her dominant hand as messed up as it was. As she looked down, Miia began to have second thoughts about not removing her bikini bottom. She had been taught from a very young age that wetting oneself after having been successfully toilet trained was disgusting and shameful. Of course it was one thing to do it on accident, and another thing to do it on purpose. For as long as she could remember, she had never once pissed herself on purpose. Her legs began shaking and her heart began racing as she wondered whether she could really perform such a shameful act.

Sensing Miia’s hesitation, Saya softly said, “Don’t think. Just do it.”

“She’s right,” agreed Hana. “You need to forget everything society has taught you about bathroom etiquette and just let loose.”

“Ok. Here goes nothing,” muttered Miia as she pushed as hard as she could. Saya watched as a waterfall of gold spilled out the bottom of Miia’s bikini. Streams of urine began running down the sides of Miia’s thighs. “This feels so wrong,” whined Miia as her crotch was enveloped in warmth.

“It’s all in your state of mind. If you think that it’s gross and wrong, it’s going to feel gross and wrong,” lectured Hana.

“Personally, I’m finding the heat from Miia’s pee to be rather soothing on my wound. This warm feeling running down my leg is both strange and pleasant at the same time,” commented Saya. “Although I will admit it reeks a little, but since it’s Miia’s, I guess I can tolerate it.”

“Please stop talking,” begged Miia. “You’re make me more self-conscious than I already am.” Saya stayed silent as Miia’s stream lasted another minute. As soon as she was done, Miia pulled off her bikini bottom and with Saya’s help, wrapped it around Saya’s leg. Miia then grabbed a towel and wrapped it around her naked lower half. “Okay, the rest of you can turn around now.” The group did as they were told.

“We should probably get back to the house as quickly as possible,” said Hana. “We’ll call a doctor once we get back. Now let’s move it people.”

“Right,” agreed the others in unison before setting off towards the house.

###

It was dark by the time the doctor left. Both Saya and Kenjiro were given some medicine for their wounds. The doctor had also determined that no significant damage had occurred to Miia’s hand as a result of doing chest compressions. However, she was given some pain medicine just in case. Shortly after the doctor left, Hana pulled Miia aside and told her about the conversation she had heard between Akira and Saya earlier and how it might have been the cause for Saya being out by herself. After finding out about what Akira had said, Miia confronted her and the two got in a huge fight with Akira storming off towards the beach and Miia storming off towards the room she was sharing with Saya.

“I can’t believe she said all those things to you,” yelled Miia as she sat down on the bed. “When we get back to Tokyo, she and I are done.”

“Don’t be so hard on her. She was just feeling jealousm” replied Saya as she sat down on the bed next to her. “Also, I don’t think everything she said was wrong.”

“What are you trying to say?”

“I think that you spend so much time with me that you wind up sacrificing any chance you have of having a normal life. I’m just worried that one day you’ll wake up and start hating me for all the things you missed out on because of me.” As Saya turned to face Miia, she was greeted with a flick to the forehead. “Ow.”

“What you said just now is completely stupid,” replied Miia. “Not once have I ever felt like I was sacrificing my happiness for you nor have I ever thought of you as nuisance. Furthermore, I am the one who gets decide how and with whom I want to devote my time. I am not spending my time with you because I have to. I am doing it because I want to. You are more important to me than you’ll ever know, so hearing you say this stuff makes me sad.”

“I’m sorry,” muttered Saya.

“It’s alright,” said Miia as she got up.

“Where are you going?”

“I’m going to go find Akira. I owe her an apology for making her feel jealous.” As Miia took a couple steps forward, she felt a slight tug on her good hand. Miia turned her head. “Is something wro…” but before she could finish her thought, the blond girl pulled her in and pressed her lips against hers. As they parted, Miia half expected to see Mai, but was shocked to see that both eyes were still blue. “What was that for Saya?”

“It was unfair of you to take my first kiss when I was unconscious so I thought I would do it over. That’s all it was. Noothing more and nothing less,” smiled Saya.

“That’s fair I guess,” stuttered a still stunned Miia. “Well I better get going now.”

“Good luck.” As soon as Miia was gone, Saya felt another sharp pain in her chest. “What is it with this heartburn today?” she muttered to herself.

Meanwhile on the other side of the door, Miia was leaning against the wall. As she stared at the ceiling, she said, “I really wish she hadn’t done that. That’s going to make what I have to do now much more difficult.”

###

It was almost an hour later and Miia had still not returned. Beginning to get worried, Saya walked over to the bedroom door. She opened it just as Kenjiro was getting ready to knock. “Jiro, what can I do for you?”

“I was just getting ready to head down to the beach to check up on Akira and I was wondering if you wanted to join me?”

“Sure,” answered Saya. About twenty minutes later, they made it down to the beach. As the two looked around, they saw someone hiding over by the rock formation. The two crept up behind the person as quietly as they could. It wasn’t until they were a few feet behind that person that Saya recognized who it was. “Hana, what are you……mmmmfff,” uttered Saya as Hana grabbed her and placed a hand over her mouth.

“Do you want them to hear us?” whispered Hana as she slowly removed her hand from Saya’s mouth. Saya slowly peaked her head around the rock. Standing roughly thirty feet away from them were two figures. As the clouds in the night sky parted, the moonlight illuminated their faces. It was Akira and Miia.

“What are they doing?” whispered Kenjiro.

“There too far away for me to hear what their saying, but I think their making up,” answered Hana. The group of three then watched in stunned silence as Miia and Akira kissed under the moonlight. Seconds later the two turned towards where the others were hiding and began walking towards them. “Shit. Get down and stay quiet.” Saya and Kenjiro did as they were told. The group waited for the two to pass. Luckily for them, neither of the two girls noticed them. The small group waited another few minutes until they were sure that Miia and Akira were gone. “Well that was certainly interesting,” chuckled Hana as the group of three stepped out of the shadows and into the moon’s light

“Yeah,” agreed Kenjiro. “I guess we were worried about them for nothing. What do you think Saya?”

“I’m glad that they’re still together,” smiled Saya. Just then, she felt her chest begin to tighten and throb. “This darn heart burn just won’t go away,” sighed Saya as she clutched her chest. Suddenly a drop of water fell on her hand. “Is it raining?” As she looked down at the water droplet, a couple more fell onto her hand. “We should probably head back before the rain gets any worse.” As she shifted her gaze back to Kenjiro and Hana, she noticed that they each had shocked expressions. “What’s wrong guys?”

“It’s not raining sweetie,” answered Hana.

“Check your face,” replied Kenjiro.

“What are you guys talking about? It’s definitely raining. I can feel the drops.” Just to prove them wrong, Saya placed a hand to her cheek. It was wet. She then looked at the other two whose faces were completely dry. It took a couple more seconds for it to click. “I don’t understand,” she said smiling as she desperately wiped at the tears streaming down her face. “I’m happy that they’re together, so why am crying and why does my chest hurt?”

“Oh honey,” said Hana as she walked over and pulled Saya into a tight embrace. “What your experiencing right now is one of the many emotions that stem from love: heartbreak.”

“It hurts really bad,” sobbed Saya as she cried into Hana’s shoulder.

“I know sweetie,” choked Hana as she did her best not to cry.

Kenjiro felt powerless as he watched Saya cry her eyes out. Unable to take it anymore, he sat on the ground and put his hand up to his face. “I’m so sorry,” he cried softly under his breath over and over again. Kenjiro new that things could never go back to the way they were. In fact, things were about to get a bit more complicated from there on out.

To be continued…
