Please Notice Me Senpai

Author: Char242

*000*2018-04-21 10:49

Please Notice Me Senpai

It was a warm sunny day in Tokyo, just days before summer vacation was about to start. Eighteen-year-old high school 3rd year, Megumi Nakamura was hiding around the corner of the school building in an attempt to spy on her crush, Kazuma Tanaka, Kaz for short. Kazuma, who was a year older than Megumi, was currently a 1st year college student. The high school that Megumi was currently attending had an escalator system in which one could move from high school to college without an entrance exam. Luckily for her, the university was on the same campus as the high school so that she could see Kazuma almost any time she wanted.

As she peeked around the corner, she watched as another female high school 3rd year confessed their feelings to Kazuma. Megumi couldn’t help but bite her lower lip as she strained to read the situation by watching their mouths and body movements. Although plenty of girls had asked Kazuma out, not one had been successful. However, Megumi knew that it wouldn’t stay this way forever, and so she waited with baited breath, hopefully for a rejection. She was so absorbed in watching the two that she did not sense the person coming up behind her.

“Oh, please notice me Kazuma-senpai,” mocked a male in a falsetto voice. Megumi spun around to see that the man behind her was none other than high school 2nd year Kaito Matsuda, Kai for short. Despite being a 2nd year student, Kaito was the same age as Megumi. In fact he would be in the same year as her if it was not for being held back a year due to illness as a young child. Megumi and Kaito had been close childhood friends up until the 3rd grade when Kaito had been sent to live with relatives in Hokkaido. He eventually returned to Tokyo during his first year of middle school. Since his return, Kaito had developed a habit of playfully flirting and teasing Megumi despite knowing that she was in love with Kazuma. Truthfully, knowing about Megumi’s crush on Kazuma only made him want to do it more. “Oh, Kazuma-senpai can’t you see that I’m the one who loves you,” said Kaito doing his best impersonation of Megumi.

“GO TO HELL!” Megumi quietly screamed as she threw a punch at Kaito’s face. But Kaito easily caught the punch in his hand. Megumi then threw her other fist at Kaito’s smirking face, only to have it meet the same fate as the first one.

“You’re starting to lose your touch Megumi-senpai,” taunted Kaito. With both of her fists caught in his hands, Megumi was completely helpless, or so it appeared. Then without warning, a sharp pain ran up from Kaito’s crotch into his lower abdomen. Looking down, Kaito saw that Megumi had jammed her knee into his groin. Within seconds he was hunched over on his knees, his crotch throbbing from the blow.

“Still think I’ve lost my touch,” Megumi taunted back before returning her attention back to Kazuma and the other girl.

“No, you still got it,” whined Kaito, his voice much higher than we had purposefully done a falsetto voice. Then with all the strength he could muster, Kaito managed to stand up and he too began watching Kazuma and the girl. Not long after that, the girl turned around and with tears in her eyes ran past the corner that Megumi and Kaito were hiding behind. Both Megumi and Kaito turned their attention to the girl. “Poor thing,” he said as he watched her disappear out of sight, “she never even stood a chance.” Suddenly he heard a cough coming from right behind them. Turning around, the duo saw Kazuma standing behind them, his arms crossed. “Busted,” said Kaito as he mockingly raised his hands in surrender.

“How much of that did you guys see?” asked Kazuma.

“All of it,” replied Megumi as she hung her head in shame.

“Oh well, I guess it’s no big deal,” said Kazuma. “I’m sure that rumors will be circulating very soon anyways.”

“Hey Kaz-senpai, how many does that make this week?” asked Kaito.

“She was the eighth one,” admitted Kazuma. “Honestly turning all these girls down day after day, week after week, is getting to be extremely tiresome.”

“Then just pick a girl already,” shouted an annoyed Kaito. “Seriously dude you don’t know how well you have it. While you have girls lining up to ask you out, there are guys like me who can’t even get a measly love letter.”

“It’s not that easy,” said Kazuma. “While it’s true that I have a large group of girls to pick from, none of them interest me in the slightest. I guess I still haven’t met the right girl yet.”

“Maybe you already have, and are just too blind to see it,” muttered Megumi under her breath.

“What was that?” asked Kazuma.

“Nothing,” said Megumi.

“Actually, she was just saying how you are so blind that you wouldn’t find the right girl even if she was standing right next to you,” taunted Kaito. “Isn’t that right Megumi-senp….” Suddenly Megumi’s foot slammed into Kaito’s groin. “Whyyyy?” whined Kaito in a high-pitched voice as he fell to the ground clutching his crotch.

“Changing the subject,” said Megumi, “are we still planning on going for that mountain hike this coming Saturday?”

“Of course,” replied Kazuma as he stared at Kaito who was now in a fetal position. “Although I’m not sure if Kai is going to be able to walk after what you just did.”

“He’ll be fine,” replied Megumi, “and if he’s not then he just won’t go.”

“That’s cold Megumi-senpai,” cried Kaito, doing his best to fight back tears of pain.

“Don’t worry man,” said Kazuma as he helped Kaito to his feet, “we won’t leave without you.”

“Thanks bro,” said Kaito.

“Although, if you didn’t go, the trip would be more like a date between me and Megumi,” joked Kazuma. Megumi perked up at the thought, while Kaito shot Kazuma a hateful glance. “I was only kidding. Now let’s get you to the nurse’s office,” said Kazuma. Megumi watched as they disappeared around the other side of the building and secretly wished that Kaito would decide not to go on the trip. Of course, that dream would be shattered several days later.

###

It was Saturday morning as a car pulled into the parking lot leading to the mountain trail. Kaito, Megumi, and Kazuma were in the midst of pulling out their hiking backpacks from the back of the car when the car’s fourth occupant finally stepped out. It was Kazuma’s younger sister Yui, also a high school 3rd year and the same age as Megumi and Kaito. While not one for hiking, she had tagged along because she had heard that Kaito was coming. There were two reasons why this was important. The first was that she had a secret crush on him. The second was a bit darker. She was also secretly into BL and often fantasized about different male pairings, her favorite being between Kaito and Kazuma. “God it’s so hot,” she complained as she took off her light jacket and threw it in the backseat of the car.

“It’s going to be that way for a while until we get higher up on the trail,” said Kazuma. “But I’m warning you now, if you complain the entire time, I’m never taking you with us again. Got that?”

“Yes nii-san,” replied Yui as she slung her bag over her shoulder. “Now let’s get going already.” And with that, the group of four began their mountain hike.

###

Roughly an hour into their hike, the group stopped in a grassy clearing for a rest. “Geez,” whined Yui, “How long until we get to the top of the trail?”

“It’s about a three-hour hike so I’d day another two hours,” replied Kazuma as he unscrewed the lid from a bottle of water and drank from it.

“Awww, but my legs are already tired,” Yui cried.

“Quit your whining,” said Kaito, “it’s starting to give me a headache.” He then proceeded to remove his shirt, revealing a white undershirt beneath.

“Why are you wearing an undershirt?” asked Yui. “Aren’t you hot?”

“Of course, that’s why I’m taking my main shirt off, dummy,” retorted Kaito.

“For as long as I’ve known him, Kaito’s always worn undershirts regardless of the weather,” declared Kazuma. He stopped and thought about it for a moment. “Come to think of it, I’m also curious as to why you always wear them.”

“I wear them because I feel like it,” replied Kaito, “there is no other reason.”

“That’s a lie,” declared Megumi. “The real reason he wears undershirts is because regular shirts irritate his sensitive nipples. It’s been that way since we were kids.” Both Kaito and Yui burst out laughing.

“How could you Megumi-senpai?” whined Kaito. “That was supposed to be a secret.”

“I’m sorry, it just sort of slipped out,” said Megumi, her tone telling him that she did it on purpose. Angered by her successful attempt to embarrass him, Kaito decided to spill a secret of hers.

“You know, the beauty about being childhood friends is that you tend to learn embarrassing things about each other. Since you felt the need to embarrass me, it seems only right to do the same to you,” declared Kaito a mischievous smile spreading across his face.

“You wouldn’t dare,” retorted Megumi, although she was now beginning to tremble at the thought that Kaito might reveal the fact that Megumi was in love with Kazuma.

“Go on,” said Yui, “I think it’s only fair after what she did to you.”

“Alright,” replied Kaito as he paused for a moment to think of an embarrassing secret to tell. “Okay I got one. Back when we were kids, our families used to go hiking a lot.”

Realizing what Kaito was about to tell them, Megumi decided it was time to stop him. “That’s enough Kai. I shouldn’t have said anything about your sensitive nipples. I’m sorry, so can we please just put this behind us?”

“Shut up,” shouted Yui. “Please continue.”

“Ok,” replied Kaito. “The thing is that back in those days, Megumi had a severe aversion to peeing outside. In fact, it was so bad that she often wet herself before we could reach a rest area with a bathroom. It even got to the point that her parents started bringing plastic bags and extra clothes…” Suddenly he felt a sharp stinging sensation across his cheek. Turning his head slightly, he saw Megumi was now standing next to him with her hand raised and her face flushed with embarrassment.

“SHUT UP ALREADY!!!” screamed Megumi at the top of her lungs.

“Kai, you really should stop now,” agreed Kazuma, doing his best to diffuse the situation.

“Fine,” said Kaito, “I’ll stop.” As he looked at Megumi, he knew he had seriously pissed her off. “Hey guys, I think I’m going to walk on ahead for a bit.” He then stuffed his shirt into his backpack, slung it over his shoulder and continued along the trail, all the while holding his hand to his now throbbing cheek.

“You didn’t have to go so far as to slap him,” shouted Yui the moment Kaito was out of sight.

“Yes, I did,” Megumi shouted back. “He had no right to say such things.”

“Alright, alright, let’s just calm down,” said Kazuma. “Let’s just all agree to put this behind us alright.” He then proceeded to stand up and began walking off in the direction of some tall trees.

“Kazuma-senpai, where are you going?” asked Megumi. “The trail’s this way.”

“I know that,” he called back. “There is something that I need to take care of. Please wait here. I’ll be right back.” As he turned around, Megumi continued to stare at him as she tried to figure out what he needed to take care of.

“Hey nii-san, are you going off to take a piss?” shouted Yui, her tone strongly implying that she was trying to embarrass him.

“DAMN IT YUI!” he screamed as he ran off, the back of his ears clearly red with embarrassment.

Yui turned to face Megumi, a triumphant smile on her face. “He’ll be gone for a few minutes. I think I’ll take this time to go as well. She then got up and ducked behind some bushes a few yards away.

“Don’t tell me you’re actually going to pee outside and risk someone seeing you,” said Megumi as she looked in the direction of the bushes. No response came. Becoming a little worried, Megumi walked over to the bushes and as she peered over, she saw that Yui had her pants down and was squatting behind the bushes. Megumi stared as a golden jet spewed forth from between Yui’s legs and crashed down like a raging waterfall, leaving only a foamy puddle in its wake.

Suddenly, Yui pinched off her stream and looking up into Megumi’s eyes asked, “Can you stop staring at me? You’re starting to make me uncomfortable.”

“I’m sorry,” Megumi replied as she quickly turned her back to Yui, “it’s just that I was wondering if you had actually been serious about peeing behind the bushes.” By this time, Megumi could feel the first twinges of desperation hit her bladder. It had been almost a three-hour drive to get to the trail head and in that time she had made the mistake of drinking a large mug of coffee. What was worse was that she had forgotten to make use of the bathrooms located at the beginning of the trail head. She reasoned that it would be another two hours before they reached the bathrooms in the picnic area at the top of the trail. Her body began to squirm a bit as she thought about what to do.

“Hey Megumi, can I ask you something?”

“As long as it’s not majorly inappropriate, I don’t see why not.”

“I’ve been wondering something ever since hearing Kai’s story. Megumi, have you ever actually peed outside?” Yui watched as Megumi’s face became as red as a tomato. The fact that she didn’t respond right away told Yui everything she needed to know. “I’m going to take a wild guess and say you haven’t. Am I correct?”

Megumi nodded her head. “You’re right. I’ve never actually done it before. In fact, I’m not even sure if I know how to do it.”

“I can help you if you like,” offered Yui, “but you’ll need to come back here.” Megumi walked behind the bushes. “The first thing you need to do is pull down your pants and underwear and quickly take a squatting position. The longer you take to duck down the more likely some pervert passing by might see you and decide to stay and watch.” Megumi pulled down her pants and underwear and quickly took a squatting position. “The next thing you’re going to want to do is grab onto your pants and underwear and pull them out of the way. After that all you have to do is relax and let it flow.” Megumi watched as Yui resumed her stream. “Ahhhh, this feels soooo good” she moaned as she closed her eyes and allowed the sense of relief to consume her body. Yui then opened her eyes and turned her head towards Megumi, “Now you try.”

Megumi stayed in the squatting position for almost a minute but found herself unable to relax enough to go. Her mind and body were racked with the fear that Kazuma might come back any minute and find her in such a vulnerable position. The very realistic thought of that happening was too much for her to take, and so she quickly yanked her pants up and took off running. “Tell Kaz-senpai that I’m going on ahead,” she yelled before disappearing up the trail.

“Well, this will certainly be interesting,” smiled Yui as she took a tissue from her pocket and wiped off the last few drops. “We’ll see how much nii-san and Kaito like you once you wet yourself.” In truth, Yui was very much an attention hog, especially when it came to her brother and Kaito. She hated the idea that her brother would someday get a girlfriend and spend less time doting on her. She also hated the idea of losing Kaito to another girl, although she secretly didn’t mind if she lost him to her brother.

The fact that both her brother and Kaito were giving special attention to Megumi made her a real threat that needed to be eliminated immediately. The best thing about this situation was that this time she could eliminate the competition for their attention without hardly having to lift a finger. As Yui stood up and pulled up her pants, she was horrified to see her big brother was starting to come back into view. Despite being brother and sister, she thought it would be extremely embarrassing to have her brother think that she liked peeing behind bushes. Luckily, he wasn’t looking in her direction, so she was easily able to get out from behind the bushes without her brother knowing what she had done.

“Hey Yui, where’s Megumi?” asked Kazuma as he approached her.

“Oh, she said that she was going to walk ahead of us.”

“I said I was coming right back, why didn’t she wait?”

“Well, she did wait for a while but then got impatient and said it was taking you too long,” lied Yui. She watched with a hint of satisfaction as her brother began squirming with embarrassment. “We should probably catch up to her. At the pace she was walking, I’m sure she’s probably caught up to Kai by now.” As soon as she said that, she noticed a look of jealousy cross her brother’s face. “In fact, it wouldn’t surprise me at all if the reason that those two chose to walk ahead of us was so that they could find a secluded spot off the trail and do some naughty things. For all we know they could be having….”

“Yui,” said Kazuma in a calm voice, his head hung so that his hair cast a shadow over his eyes, making them impossible to see.

“Yes nii-san?” she replied as innocently as she could.

“SHUT THE FUCK UP!!!” he screamed as he tightly grabbed her shoulders, his eyes filled with fiery rage.

“Nii-san you’re scaring me,” she said, her body now trembling with fear.

“Don’t say things about her like that. Megumi is not that kind of girl,” he said squeezing Yui’s shoulder’s tighter and tighter as he began violently shaking her.

“Owww, nii-san please let go, you’re hurting me,” she cried, tears beginning to form in the corners of her eyes. As soon as he saw the tears, Kazuma snapped out of it and released his grip before taking a couple steps back. He watched as his sister fell to the ground, tears streaming down her face as a result of the trauma she had just experienced

“I’m sorry,” he said as he kneeled down and wrapped his sister in a tight embrace. “I shouldn’t have snapped at you like that. Please forgive me.”

“Ni-san, you jerk” she sobbed as she buried her face into his shoulder, just happy to have her brother back to normal. Of course, what the two didn’t know yet was that Yui’s prediction was partially correct.

###

Megumi ran as fast as she could for several minutes, each step jostling the contents of her bladder while simultaneously causing jolts of pain. She ran and ran until finally the pain got so bad that she could run no further. As she slowed to a halt, she could feel her bladder writhing in agony. Taking a step forward, she suddenly felt a wet and familiar feeling in her panties.

“Please don’t tell me that’s what I think it is,” she whispered to herself as she reached her hand down the front of her pants and felt her panties. The front was warm and wet. She knew from her experiences as a child that it wouldn’t be long before she’d lose control of her bladder entirely. It was at this point that she had to make a choice. She could either suck it up and find a secluded spot amongst the tree to relieve herself, or she could wet herself. While neither option was necessarily ideal, she thought the first option sounded much better than the second. Finding her resolve, she walked off of the trail to find a spot.

Minutes later, she came across a patch of trees and bushes that could easily conceal her. She quickly settled on a spot behind a bush next to a tall tree. The bush would easily provide cover from anyone in front of her, and the tree would block the view from anyone behind her. As she leaned up against the tree and prepared to pull down her pants, she heard what sounded like a nearby stream. Without thinking she peeked her head around the side of the tree. What she found shocked her greatly. Standing behind the tree was none other than Kaito, dick in hand, as he watered the bark. Before she could stop herself, a scream escaped her mouth, startling Kaito to the point that he almost lost control of his stream.

“WHAT THE HELL?” he screamed as he quickly gained control of his stream though try as he might, he could not pinch it off. Instead he settled for turning his back away from her. As Megumi backed away, she tripped over a tree root and fell backwards. She felt a sharp pain run through her ankle the moment she hit the ground. Kaito saw what happened out of the corner of his eye. He quickly finished up, and then turned around to help, but by that time Megumi had already gotten up and was hobbling away as fast as she could. Kaito quickly caught up with her, and grabbing her shoulders asked, “Megumi-senpai, are you okay?”

“I’m fine,” she lied, the pain in her ankle nowhere near the pain her bladder was experiencing. “Please let me go, I have something that I need to take care of.”

“Not until you let me see your ankle,” he replied.

“I’ll show it to you later, just please let me go. It’s an emergency.” But by then it was too late. She had reached her limit. Megumi’s eyes widened as she felt the dam gates burst, unleashing a flood of yellow water into her pants. Kaito watched in shock as the crotch of Megumi’s jeans grew darker and darker, all the while spreading down her pant legs and into her shoes. So much was coming out that at one point the crotch of her pants had a waterfall crashing beneath it.

Tears of shame began running down Megumi’s face as her body relaxed. The whole incident lasted about two minutes and by the time she was done, the front of her pants was completely soaked, her shoes were flooded with piss, and a small lake and formed in the dirt beneath her. Unable to stand the pain from her ankle any longer, she fell to her knees. Because of how soiled she was, it took her a few seconds to register that she had just fallen into her own piss. She proceeded to bury her face in her hands and began crying harder than she ever had before.

For a moment, the forest was quiet except for Megumi’s hysteric sobs. Finally Kaito spoke up and said, “We can’t have you stay like that now can we.” He then picked her up as though she were a princess and carried her behind some bushes, all the while his white undershirt began turning yellow with her piss. He then gently placed her down and took off his backpack. Rummaging through it, he found exactly what he was looking for, a towel and a bottle of water. He then turned his attention to her. “First thing’s first, we need to get you out of those wet clothes. Take off your pants and then use the towel and bottle of water to clean yourself off. I’ll stand guard on the other side of this bush.” Before getting on the other side of the bush, he took off his undershirt and splayed it on the ground so that Megumi would have something to sit on once she removed her wet clothes. As he got on the other side of the bush and turned his back to her, he said, “Don’t worry, I won’t peek. I promise.”

“Hey Kai,” Megumi said, half expecting him to break his word, but he never turned around. “Thank you,” she muttered so quietly that he just barely heard it. She then went to work taking off her soiled jeans and panties before using the bottle of water and towel to clean herself. After several minutes passed, she called out, “I’ve finished cleaning myself, but what the hell am I supposed to do now?”

“Just hold on a second,” replied Kaito as he began rummaging through his bag once more. Then without looking back, he handed her the t-shirt he had been wearing and a pair of boxer shorts.

“Gross!” she said as she looked at the boxer shorts. “I can understand the shirt, but why the hell are you giving me your dirty underwear?”

“There not dirty,” yelled a blushing Kaito. “Given your past experiences, I figured something like this might happen so I packed a towel and a pair of boxer shorts just in case.”

“If you had that much foresight, then why didn’t you just pack an extra pair of pants or shorts?”

“Because all my pants and shorts would be too big for you. The boxers should at least hug your body tight enough that they shouldn’t slip off. Of course, if you don’t want to wear them, that’s fine too, but you’d be risking exposing yourself to anyone who might pass by. That includes Kaz-senpai.”

“Fine,” she grumbled as she slipped the boxers on. She then threw on Kaito’s shirt over her clothes and it was at this point that she realized for the first time just how different their sizes were. The shirt was long enough that if she were standing, it would likely be enough to cover down to her knees. “I’m covered now, so you can turn around now.”

“Okay, I’m coming back now,” he replied as he walked behind the bushes. As he kneeled down in front of her, he removed a trash bag and a first aid kit from his bag. He then placed Megumi’s wet clothes along with the undershirt she had been sitting on into the bag. Kaito then went about wrapping Megumi’s ankle, which by this point was starting to bruise and swell. “Well the good news is that I don’t think it’s broken, the bad news is that I’m pretty sure it’s a sprain. I don’t think you should walk on it.”

“Then how am I supposed to get back to the others?”

Kaito thought for a moment before saying, “I’ll just carry you like I did just a few minutes ago.”

“Do that and Kazuma and Yui will get the wrong impression about us?”

“So what’s the big deal if they do? I’ve got nothing to be ashamed of.” He paused for a moment before realizing what Megumi meant. Kaito averted his gaze as he tried to fight back the urge to cry. “I’m sorry, I didn’t realize it sooner. Because I have nothing to be ashamed of, I just assumed you were the same way. But I was wrong. Whenever Kazuma’s around, you’re ashamed to be seen with me, aren’t you?” She didn’t respond. “Please tell me I’m wrong. Please tell me I’m paranoid.”

Megumi looked away, “I can’t.” The forest went silent. As she turned to look at him, she could tell by the expression on his face that he was in pain. “Look, it’s not like you even like me anyway. I mean you’re always teasing me and causing problems.”

“Did you ever stop to think that maybe the reason I do that stuff is because I like you but don’t know how to express it?”

“Quit joking around. I’ve known you for a long time. If that were true then surely I would’ve figured that out by now,” she answered, still unable to look at him. Suddenly she felt a hand softly caress her cheek. As turned her head she saw that Kaito’s face was just inches away from hers.

“I’m in love with you Megumi-senpai. I have been ever since we were kids.” From the look on his face, Megumi knew Kaito was serious. Kaito then placed his other hand on Megumi’s other cheek. Then without warning, Kaito began slowly inching towards her. He was drawing closer to her lips. Knowing that she would not be able to fight him off in her current state, she resigned herself to let whatever happen, happen. Megumi closed her eyes and the moment she felt the warmth of Kaito’s breath hit her face, her entire body flinched. She had always dreamt that her first kiss would be with someone she loved, like Kazuma, but now reality was starting to set in. Just as his lips were about to touch hers, Kaito felt something wet hit each hand. He pulled away just enough to see tears running down her eyes. Her expression telling Kaito everything he needed to know.

“I don’t have it in me to fight back,” she whispered, “just hurry up and get it over with.”

“As you wish,” he said. Megumi waited to feel the pressure of Kaito’s lips on hers, but the sensation never came. Instead she felt something press up against her forehead and as she opened her eyes, she realized it was Kaito’s lips. His lips seemed to linger on that spot for what seemed like an eternity but was actually only a few seconds. He then pulled away, and in that moment, Megumi could see the heartbreak in his eyes.

“Why?” she asked.

“Why what?”

“Why didn’t you take what you wanted?”

“Simple,” he answered, “because it was not what you wanted. I won’t do something like that to you if you don’t want it too.” He then turned around. “Get on my back, I’ll carry you back to the others.”

“Okay,” she said as she climbed onto his back. Kaito then stood up, grabbed his bag, and began slowly walking back towards the path. As Megumi clung onto Kaito’s muscular back, she began to think about how much he had changed since they were kids. When they were younger, he had been a small and sickly kid who got picked on a lot and cried easily. Back then she had always been the one to protect him. As they had gotten older, he had become stronger and was now protecting her. Regardless of how much he had changed physically, she knew one thing had stayed the same: Kaito was in love with her. A part of Megumi had always known this, although she had tried to ignore it because she didn’t feel the same way and didn’t want to hurt him. It was only now that she realized that in ignoring him, she had hurt him far more than she ever could by simply rejecting him. “Kaito, I’m sorry. I’m sorry. I’m sorry,” she sobbed as she buried her face into his back.

“That’s not fair senpai,” he whispered quietly to himself, “I’m the one who should be crying.” Not long after that, Kaito and Megumi met up with the others and instead of heading for the top of trail, the group went back to the car. It was a long three-hour drive back, as everyone wondered whether things could ever be the same as they once were. But two things are for certain, love is not without its own unique trials and tribulations, and feelings can change over time.

To be continued….

