Please Notice Me Senpai

Author: Char242

*004*2018-04-29 04:02

Chapter 2: Stuck on You

It was the middle of the second week of summer break as Kaito Matsuda stepped onto the school’s track field. As a member of the boys track team, Kaito was required to participate in the various practices scheduled throughout the break. He and the other track members had been practicing since 8 a.m. that morning. It was 11:30 a.m. when the team began their final set of laps. As he ran, Kaito thought about the hiking incident almost two weeks earlier. While he had been able to save Megumi from embarrassment by saying that she had tripped and fallen in a large mud puddle, things between him and Megumi had been strained.

In fact, he had not seen her since the incident nor was she taking his calls. He knew without a doubt that she was avoiding him and it hurt. Kaito soon became lost in thought. Suddenly a voice rang out from the grassy hill overlooking the track field. As Kaito turned his head, he saw a young girl standing on the hill. “KEEP RUNNING KAI NII-CHAN!” shouted the child, “SHOW THEM HOW FAST YOU ARE!!!” It was Megumi’s younger sister Kotori.

“I wonder what she’s doing here,” thought Kaito. Kotori was only seven years old and Kaito thought that there was no possible way that she could make the thirty-minute walk to the school by herself. Someone must have come with her. Seconds later another voice rang out, confirming Kaito’s suspicions.

“Kotori, how many times have I told you not to run off? You know that I can’t run very far in my current condition,” yelled Megumi as she finally caught up to her little sister. Megumi was wearing a bright pink blouse and a white skirt. Her long brown hair was tied up in a pony-tail and she had a bag slung around her shoulder. Kaito couldn’t help but stare. What had really gotten his attention was how Megumi’s blouse seemed to be hugging her breasts tighter than usual. It was only a matter of seconds before he found himself lost in Megumi’s beauty to the point that he had forgotten about the curve just ahead of him. The moment he realized that he was about to run outside the track lines, he made a sharp turn to correct himself. However, the second he did that, he lost traction before ultimately faceplanting in the dirt.

“Damn that hurt,” he said through gritted teeth as he sat up and brushed the dirt off his shirt.

“Kai nii-chan, are you all right?” shouted Kotori as she ran down the hill, her sister in close pursuit.

“I’m fine,” replied Kaito.

“Are you sure?” asked Megumi as she and her sister approached him. “I mean you did take a pretty nasty spill, which is unlike you. What happened?”

“Oh, I was just a bit distracted is all and I ended up making the turn too fast. I’m fine,” said Kaito as nonchalantly as he could. There was no way he could tell her that it was because he had been staring at her breasts.

“You were staring at nee-chan’s boobs weren’t you,” smirked Kotori. Despite being only seven years old, she was incredibly smart for her age and so perceptive that she could best even adults.

“I was not!” he lied, his face turning red. “I would never do something like that.” He turned his head towards Megumi only to receive a disgusted look. His eyes shifted from place to place as he tried to avoid looking directly into her soul piercing stare. Unfortunately for him, his eyes finally settled on her breasts.

“You’re lying,” said Kotori, “you’re doing it right now.” She paused for a moment before saying something that would embarrass both her sister and Kaito. “Are you doing it because you want to touch them?”

“I DO NOT!” screamed an extremely embarrassed Kaito. As he returned his attention to Megumi, he noticed that she had her arms pressed against her breasts as though she were trying to conceal them.

“So, you wouldn’t do it even if she asked you?” asked Kotori.

“Well, maybe if she asked me to,” admitted Kaito in a moment of weakness.

Before Megumi could call him a pervert, a male voice called out, “Matsuda, if you have time to sit around and flirt with girls, then you have time to run another ten laps. Get your ass in gear now.” Kaito turned around and saw that the captain of the boys track team, 3rd year Seiji Fujimura, was right behind him. Seiji was known amongst the track team as being very strict. He also had a habit of tormenting the first years and anyone else who he perceived as slacking off.

“Right away Fujimura-senpai,” responded Kaito as he jumped to his feet.

“Hold on a second,” said Megumi. “If you take a look at Kai’s legs, then you’d see that he is in no condition to be running another ten laps.” Kaito looked down at his legs and for the first time realized how bloody and torn up his knees really were. As he looked back up at Seiji, he noticed that Seiji’s face looked extremely pale as though he were about to throw up or pass out. Megumi walked up to Seiji and with her best puppy dog eyes begged, “Fujimura-san, could you please find it in your heart to excuse Kai from running those extra laps, at least for today?”

“Well, I uh uh…” stuttered Seiji as his cheeks began to turn red.

“Pretty please,” said Megumi as she tilted her head, bit her lower lip, and batted her eyelashes. Kaito knew instantly that Seiji was no match for Megumi’s charms.

“That’s fine I guess,” mumbled Seiji as he averted his gaze. He then turned to Kaito and said, “But you will be doing them next practice. Do you understand me?” Kaito nodded. Suddenly the group heard a bunch of snickering coming from a group of underclassmen behind them. “And just what do you guys find so amusing that you decided to stop running?” he shouted angrily. No respone came. “Just for that, you can all do another fifteen laps. Now move it.” The group of onlookers scattered as they began running their laps. “Seriously, since when did the track team start attracting a bunch of slackers?”

“Hey Seiji,” said Megumi in a sweet and innocent voice, “can I ask you a favor?”

“Sure,” he replied, having completely succumbed to Megumi’s charms.

“Do you think you could watch my little sister while I take care of Kai’s wounds? It would really help me out if you could.”

“I guess I could use another set of eyes to make sure that these slackers are doing what they are supposed to,” answered Seiji as he thought it over. “Sure, why not.” He then turned his attention to Kotori and asked, “Do you want to help me mess with these underclassmen slackers?”

“Yeah,” smiled Kotori. She loved messing with people, so to her this was like a dream come true. Seiji began walking away with Kotori following behind him. Suddenly Kotori turned around and shouted, “Nee-chan, don’t forget to give Kai nii-chan the bento you spent all morning making.”

“KOTORI!” screamed an embarrassed Megumi, but by this time Kotori was already absorbed in tormenting the other track team members. As Megumi turned to face Kaito, she noticed that he was covering his mouth with his forearm. Megumi knew him well enough to know that he was hiding a big dopey grin behind his forearm. “Come on, let’s go get you cleaned up,” she said as she walked over to the bench next to the field and retrieved the team’s first aid kit. The two then proceeded to walk up the hill overlooking the field where Megumi could set about treating the wounds without interruption.

###

Roughly ten minutes passed before Megumi finally finished patching up Kaito’s legs. As she repacked the first aid kit, Kaito muttered, “Thank you,” but Megumi didn’t seem to hear it. Instead she seemed fixated on the people below who were still running laps. The closer Kaito looked at her, the more he realized that the look of fixation was also mixed with hints of sadness. “You miss it, don’t you?”

“Miss what?” asked Megumi as she switched her gaze from the field to Kaito.

“Running,” replied Kaito as he looked at Megumi’s ankle. Megumi had been the star of the girls track team up until December of the previous year when she blew out her ACL in her right leg. The injury had been so bad that even with therapy, the likelihood of her running competitively again was extremely low. Her chances of rejoining the track team had slimmed down even further following the sprained ankle incident a couple weeks earlier.

“I do,” she answered sadly as she rubbed her leg, “but there’s no point in dwelling on something that nobody can change.”

“Do you mind if I ask what brings you out here?” asked Kaito, doing his best to change the subject.

“Oh right, I almost forgot,” said Megumi as she fished into her bag and pulled out a t-shirt, undershirt, and towel. “I wanted to return these to you but I’ve been so busy lately that I just couldn’t find the time to do it.” Kaito knew she was lying about being busy but decided not to push the issue. As he took his stuff back, he realized that something was missing.

“Where’s the boxers I lent you?”

“Oh, that?” she asked nonchalantly. “I threw it away.”

“Why? I could have still used those.”

“For what? Some dirty fantasy maybe?” Megumi retorted. Kaito went silent. He couldn’t deny that he probably would’ve done something pervy with them had he gotten them back.

“Is bringing my stuff back to me the only reason you came?”

“No, there was one more reason. Kaz-senpai called me earlier this morning saying that he felt bad for canceling your tutoring session for today and asked me if I could tutor you in math in his place.”

“That’s weird,” replied Kaito. “Kaz-senpai told me that he was canceling the tutoring session because of a scheduling conflict but he didn’t say anything about you taking his place.”

“He probably did say something and you just didn’t hear him. I mean you’re always getting distracted by something,” laughed Megumi

“I guess you’re right.” Kaito figured that he had been so distracted lately that it was quite possible that Kazuma had said something about Megumi being his tutor for the day. Suddenly Kaito remembered something Kotori had said several minutes earlier. “Was your sister telling the truth when she said you spent all morning making a lunch for me?”

“I did not spend all morning making it!” denied an extremely flustered Megumi.

“But you did make one, right?”

“Yes,” she replied as she retrieved the bento and a pair of chopsticks from her bag and handed it to Kaito without turning to look at him. “Now don’t get me wrong, I didn’t make this because I like you or anything. I simply made it as a thank you for helping me during the hiking incident and for not mentioning to anyone that I wet myself.” Megumi then felt Kaito’s hands on her shoulders and as she turned her head to face him, she saw a serious look in his eyes.

“Megumi-senpai, I have something important I want to ask you.”

“What is it?” asked Megumi, her heart starting to beat just a bit faster. She wondered if he would try confessing his love for her again. It was embarrassing enough that he had done it after seeing her wet herself but to do it out in the open like this where anybody could hear was even worse.

“Are you a tsundere?” The world around them seemed to grow deftly quiet.

“I AM NOT!” she screamed indignantly. She then paused for a few seconds to regain her composure. “Just eat the damn thing before I take it away from you.” Kaito kept silent as he opened the bento box. The inside was filled with rice, rolled omelets, and tiny wieners cut into a shape that he guessed must have been Megumi’s attempt at making little octopi.

“Itadakimasu,” said Kaito excitedly as he prepared to dig in. He tried one of the rolled omelets first. It tasted extremely sweet. A little too sweet. Not wanting to hurt her feeling by saying anything, Kaito moved on to the weirdly cut wieners. One bite was all it took for him to realize that they were a little underdone. Megumi’s homemade lunch was 0 for 2. Kaito looked down at the rice and whispered under his breath, “There’s no possible way that she could be so bad at cooking that she messed up the rice too. Right?” As he stuck a bite full of rice in his mouth, disappointment set in. The rice was hard and tasted a little burnt.

Megumi must have sensed what Kaito was thinking as the next thing she asked him was “It’s bad isn’t it?” Kaito didn’t answer. “Can you at least give me some honest feedback?”

Kaito took a deep breath and set the lunch box down as he thought about what to say. In the end, he decided that it would be best to be honest and not sugar coat things. “Honestly, the wieners are undercooked, the rice is overcooked, and I think you mistook sugar for salt when you made the rolled omelets. I’m honestly amazed that you’re so bad at cooking.”

“Well, I’m so sorry I’m so bad at cooking,” replied Megumi, doing her best not to cry. “It’s just that it was my first time.” Kaito suddenly bent over, Megumi’s face and highly suggestive words had gotten a rise out of his lower half. Megumi noticed Kaito’s strange behavior. “Do you have a stomachache?”

“Yeah,” lied Kaito as he did his best to conceal the true reason he was bent over.

“Well, it’s not good to lean like that. You should try to sit up. Let me help you.” Before he could fight back, Megumi grabbed him and pulled him into a proper sitting position. It took only a couple of seconds for her to look down and see the real cause of Kaito’s discomfort. “Oh my god!” she screamed as she backed away from him. “Why the hell are you stiff?”

“I couldn’t help it,” whined Kaito. “This is all because of the face you made while saying that it was your first time.”

Megumi stared at it, her face turning an even darker shade of red. She had accidentally seen it during the hiking incident so seeing it stiffen underneath his clothes left little to the imagination. “Just do something about it!” she shrieked as she turned her back to him. Several seconds passed by in silence. Part of Megumi wanted to turn around but the other part was too embarrassed. Suddenly the silence was broken by the sound of chewing. Turning back around, Megumi saw that Kaito was eating from the bento box once more. “Don’t eat that!” she screamed as she unsuccessfully tried to take it away from him. “We both know that it tastes awful, so quit forcing yourself to eat it.”

“I’m not forcing myself to eat it,” stated Kaito with his mouth partially full. “While your cooking is bad, the food is still edible. You worked hard to make it for me so it seems like a shame to let it go to waste.” He paused and thought for a moment about how to say what he truly felt. But given his track record with sticking his foot in his mouth, it came out awkward. “Besides, it seems only right that I get at least one of your first times.”

“Pervert,” said Megumi as she turned her head away from him. “I hope you really do get a stomachache.”

“That’s cold Megumi-senpai,” he whined. Although if Kaito had turned to look at her face, he would have seen an embarrassed smile.

###

Meanwhile on the track field, Kotori was starting to grow bored of tormenting the members of the track team. “This is boring,” whined Kotori as she watched the runners enter the fourteenth lap. “I’m going to go hang out with nee-chan and Kai nii-chan.”

Just as she was about to walk away, Seiji placed a hand on her shoulder. “Before you go, I have something I want to ask you.”

“What?” asked Kotori as wicked ideas began to form in her brain.

“Does your sister ever talk about me?” asked a clearly embarrassed Seiji.

“She does.”

“Really?” stuttered an excited Seiji. “What does she say?”

“This is to easy,” Kotori thought to herself as she looked up at the lovestruck track captain. “She thinks that you’re a musclebound meathead who picks on others because he is insecure about his size. Honestly, I don’t know what size she was talking about though because you seem pretty tall. Is there another size that boys should be insecure about?” She paused for a second, before looking down at the poor guy’s crotch. “Could it be that you are small there?”

Before Seiji could say anything, he heard muttering behind him. It was the rest of the track team who had just finished their last lap. They were staring at him with sympathetic eyes. “Don’t look at me like that!” he snapped. But the team kept on staring.

Suddenly, one of the underclassmen walked up and put a reassuring hand on Seiji’s shoulder. “It’s alright senpai,” said the underclassmen. “Tons of guys are insecure about that sort of thing. Hell, I bet you’ll meet a girl who doesn’t care how small it is.”

“IT’S NOT SMALL! IT’S AVERAGE SIZED!”” screamed Seiji, tears starting to form in his eyes. Suddenly he took off running up the hill. The track team turned to look at the little girl who stared right back at them with a wicked look in her eyes and a mischievous smile on her face.

“WAIT UP SENPAI!” screamed the track team as they ran after him, none of them wanting to be her next victim.

“That was fun,” she said as she began making her way towards the hill. “Now it’s time to set my real plan in motion.”

###

Kaito had just polished off the contents of the bento box when Seiji and the other members of the track team ran past them. “Was it just me, or did it look like Fujimura-senpai was crying?” asked Kaito.

“He was crying all right,” replied Kotori as she approached the two.

“Kotori, what did you do?” asked Megumi. Kotori knew that if she didn’t think fast, she was going to be in big trouble.

“I just wanted to make him feel bad for picking on Kai nii-chan,” pleaded Kotori. “I didn’t think that he was going to be so sensitive about being called small.”

“You called him small!” laughed Kaito.

“Kotori, that’s an awful thing to do,” scolded Megumi. She then turned her attention to Kaito and said, “You really shouldn’t be laughing. Yours isn’t all that big.”

“How would you know that?” asked a curious Kotori. Her question caused Megumi to freeze up. There was no way she could tell her little sister about seeing it during the hiking trip.

“You know that just because you saw it a couple of times when we took baths together as little kids, doesn’t mean that it is still the same size,” said Kaito doing his best to cover for Megumi.

“Whatever,” replied a flustered Megumi. “Let’s stop talking about this. We should probably head inside so we can start the tutoring session.”

“Fine by me,” said Kaito. “Just let me hit the locker room first.” And with that, Kaito walked off to the locker room. Neither he nor Megumi were aware of the plan that Kotori had in store for them.

###

It was a little before 1 p.m. when the trio found an empty classroom in the school. Over the next three hours, Megumi tried her best to explain math formulas to Kaito. The only problem was that Kaito was an idiot when it came to math which meant that Megumi had to go back to the fundamentals. “It’s a miracle that you didn’t have to take remedial classes,” said a mentally exhausted Megumi.

“I probably would have if Kaz-senpai hadn’t forced me to memorize a group of problems he predicted would be on the test,” replied Kaito as he slumped forward on his desk. “Of course, this would go a lot faster if I felt more motivated to learn.”

“I have an idea,” exclaimed Kotori as she looked up from doodling in her activity book.

“If it can help him learn faster, then I’m all ears,” said Megumi as she began rubbing her throbbing temple.

Kotori looked at the two and smiled. “How about this, if Kai nii-chan can learn all the stuff you teach him and answer several problems perfectly, then you have to kiss him.”

Kaito immediately sat up, new found determination in his eyes. “I think that could work.”

“Not happening,” replied Megumi. “Think of something else.”

“Aww,” whined a slightly depressed Kaito. He paused for a moment as he thought about another prize. Just then an idea struck him like a bolt of lightning. “If I can learn the stuff your teaching me, then you have to make lunch for me every school day until you graduate.”

“That sounds more like a punishment to me,” teased Kotori. She had spent most of the morning watching her sister try and fail to make a boxed lunch and had been pleasantly surprised that Kaito had managed to eat the entire thing.

“That’s not funny,” sneered Megumi. “But, if that’s what you want, then I am fine with that.”

“Alright!” exclaimed Kaito as he mentally prepared himself to learn as much as he could. “I’m fired up now!”

“Idiot,” muttered a blushing Megumi, as she looked down at the textbook she had used during her second year of high school.

###

Another hour quickly passed, except this time Kaito was beginning to make a little progress. “I think I’m finally starting to get it,” said Kaito excitedly.

“You made a mistake here, here, and here,” said Megumi as she pointed at the problem with her pencil.

“Damn it!” screamed Kaito as he began ruffling his hair.

“I’m getting bored already,” whined Kotori. During the course of the four-hour tutoring session, she had finished most of the activities in her activity book as well as a good chunk of her summer homework.

“Then find something in your bag to entertain yourself with,” replied Megumi. She had been listening to her sister’s moans of boredom on and off for the last half hour and was getting ready to blow a gasket.

“Alright,” moaned Kotori out of boredom. Of course, what Megumi didn’t know was that this had been part of Kotori’s plan all along. While Megumi and Kaito were distracted, Kotori quickly reached into her bag, pulled something out, and quickly hid it behind her back. She then walked over to them. “Can the two of you each raise one of your hands? I want to try this magic trick I saw on T.V.”

“If it’ll get you to be quiet, then we’ll do it,” answered Megumi. She and Kaito then raised one hand each. It happened so quick that neither Kaito nor Megumi had time to react. All the two could do was stare at the handcuffs now linking their hands together. “THIS ISN’T FUNNY. GET THIS OFF RIGHT NOW!” ordered Megumi.

“Ok,” whined Kotori, as she began fake trembling. She then proceeded to empty out the contents of her backpack only to reveal that the key was not in there. “I must have left the key at home.”

“Damn it!” screamed Megumi as she shot up from her chair. “How could you be so careless?”

“I’m sorry,” cried Kotori, now beginning to get a little scared of her sister’s rage.

“Let’s all calm down,” interjected Kaito. “What Kotori did is wrong, but you need to remember that she is still just a child. She is going to make mistakes. All we can do now is try to make the best of this situation.”

“And how do we do that?” snapped Megumi. “We can’t go home like this. How do you think people will react when they see two high school students handcuffed together walking down the street with a small child?”

“I see your point,” said Kaito. “I guess we’ll just have to wait here until it gets dark enough that people won’t be able to see the handcuffs. In the meantime, let’s get back to studying.”

“Fine,” agreed Megumi. And so, they went back to work. Luckily for them the handcuffs had a chain that was a couple feet long.

###

Another hour passed before Kotori began complaining again. “I’m bored. Let’s play hide and seek.”

“No,” answered Megumi. “It’s your fault that we can’t leave this room, so you’ll just have to remain bored.”

“Aww,” grumbled Kotori. Although in truth, her plan was working better than expected. Now was the time to execute the second phase of the plan. Kotori got up from her seat, slung her backpack over her shoulders and began making her way for the door.

“And just where do you think you’re going?” asked Megumi, her eyes never leaving the textbook.

“Toilet,” declared Kotori. “I know where it is. I can go by myself.”

“Whatever,” said Megumi, her tone relaying her irritation. “Just don’t leave the building.”

“Alright.” And off Kotori went. Everything was going according to plan.

###

Several minutes later, Kotori found herself by the front gates of the school. She had intended to go home without them, but had now realized that she didn’t know the way home. “IT’S YOU!” shouted an angry male voice behind her. As Kotori turned around, she saw Seiji towering over her. “I’m going to make you pay for what you said,” spat Seiji as he grabbed her arm.

“No, please let me go,” cried Kotori as she tried to get free of the large man’s grip.

“Let her go now!” yelled a booming voice coming from behind them. Both Seiji and Kotori looked in the direction of the voice. Standing behind them was none other than Kazuma Tanaka. His facial expression seemed calm. A little too calm. “What do you think you are doing to that little girl?”

“Nothing Tanaka-senpai” answered Seiji as he released Kotori’s arms.

“Kaz!” screamed Kotori as she ran past Seiji and clung to Kazuma’s legs. “I was so scared.”

Kazuma stared at Seiji, his face remaining calm but his eyes were filled with rage. “I suggest you leave before things get ugly.”

“Yes sir,” said Seiji before taking off. Despite being several inches taller and a bit more muscular than Kazuma, Seiji knew that he would be no match for the former high school judo champion.

“Are you alright Kotori?” asked Kazuma as he looked down at the little girl clutching his legs. Kotori simply nodded. “What are you even doing out here anyways?”

“Nee-chan came here to tutor Kai nii-chan in your place and she brought me along because our parents are on a business trip for the next couple days.” Realizing that Kazuma could be her ticket out of here, Kotori began to spin her web of deceit. “To tell you the truth, nee-chan told me that I should find you so that you could take me home while she finishes up with Kai nii-chan”

“Really?” asked a confused Kazuma. “I don’t remember asking Megumi to tutor Kai in my place and I definitely haven’t received any texts or phone calls from her asking me to take you home.”

“That’s because her phone is dead,” lied Kotori.

“If that’s the case, we should probably go find them and let them know that I’m taking you back to your house,” replied Kazuma.

“No, you can’t,” cried Kotori. It was then that she noticed a look of suspicion cross Kazuma’s face. “I mean nee-chan told me not to bother her no matter what. I don’t want her to get mad at me.”

“Alright,” said Kazuma as he finally gave in. “Let’s go.” As they began making the trek home, Kazuma decided to ask Kotori a question that had long been on his mind. “Kotori-chan, why do you refer to Kai as your nii-chan.”

“Because Kai nii-chan is my brother. Or at least he will be when he and nee-chan get married. I mean those two love each other,” stated Kotori. Kazuma froze in his tracks. He wondered if what she was saying was true. As he tried to keep a calm demeanor, he could feel his fists clenching.

“I guess they would make a pretty good couple,” said Kazuma, the words tasting bitter as they came out of his mouth. It was only for a few brief seconds, but Kotori sensed an overwhelming aura of jealousy coming from Kazuma. Realizing that she could step on a landmine at any minute, she decided to stay silent for the rest of the walk home.

###

Back in the classroom, an hour had passed by and Kotori had still not returned. Kaito watched as Megumi anxiously fidgeted with her pencil. “I’m sure Kotori’s fine. Knowing her, she probably got bored and decided to take a tour of the inside of the school.”

“Yeah,” agreed Megumi, her thoughts elsewhere. It was then that Kaito noticed that Megumi was tapping her leg on the ground. As he looked closer he saw that she was beginning to squirm in her chair.

“By any chance do you need to go to the bathroom?”

“I do not!” shouted Megumi indignantly.

“Look Megumi-senpai, we’ve been friends since we were little kids so I know when you’re lying. Just admit that you need to use the bathroom.”

“Fine. I need to go to the bathroom. Happy now?” snapped Megumi, her hands now in her lap as she tried desperately to hold back the urge to go.

“Alright then, let’s hit the restrooms,” stated Kaito as he stood up and took a couple steps forward. However, he found himself unable to go any farther as he was still attached to Megumi who was using all her strength to keep him from pulling her out of her seat.

“Are you an idiot?” she screamed angrily. “In case you haven’t noticed, we are hopelessly stuck together. If I go with you into the boy’s restroom, my reputation is as good as ruined. If you go into the girl’s restroom, you’ll be expelled and possibly arrested.”

“Good point,” replied Kaito. “Well there is one other thing we can do.” Kaito walked over to his sports bag and pulled out an empty bottle. “You can go in this.”

“Hell no. I am not going in a bottle while you watch me.”

“I don’t see what the big deal is, I mean you’ve seen me pee and I’ve seen you wet yourself.”

“You’re nothing but a disgusting pervert,” snapped Megumi. “I can hold it until we get these damn handcuffs off.” As Megumi shifted her gaze towards the window, she saw that the sun was already starting to set. “We should probably hurry up and find Kotori.” And with that, the two began their search.

###

Almost an hour later, Megumi and Kaito had finished canvassing the entire school and had still not found Kotori. The two were now by the shoe lockers. “Where could that girl be?” grumbled Megumi as she began to hop from one foot to another in desperation.

“Hey Megumi-senpai,” said Kaito as he looked in Megumi’s shoe locker, “I don’t think she’s in the building anymore.”

“What makes you say tha….,” before she could finish her sentence, Megumi saw that Kotori’s shoes which she had placed in her locker were gone. “DAMN IT,” she screamed as she grabbed her own shoes and threw them on her feet. “When I find her, I’m going to kill her.”

“Don’t be so hasty,” replied Kaito as he threw on his own shoes. “She said that she wanted to play hide and seek right. Well if I were a little kid, I would probably hide in that forest-like area behind the university. Although if she is hiding there, we better find her before the sun completely sets.”

“Let’s try your idea,” said Megumi. “That area is not all that big so we should be able to find her.” At least that was what they thought.

###

Another hour passed as Megumi and Kaito walked through the forest-like section of the campus. The sun had long since set and the only light they had was that of the moon, the stars, and their cellphones. As they entered a small clearing, Megumi’s ankle which was still recovering from the sprain finally gave out. “It’s hopeless,” sobbed Megumi as she fell to the ground. Tears began streaming down her cheeks. “I never should have yelled at her. I should have gone with her when she went to the bathroom. She could be lying hurt somewhere and it would be all my fault.”

“Stop it!” yelled Kaito as he knelt down and firmly grabbed her shoulders. “This is not your fault. Don’t worry, we’ll find her. I have a plan.” Kaito then opened up the contact list on his phone. Just as he was getting ready to dial the number, his phone went out. “Crap, the battery’s dead. Can I use your phone?”

“Sure,” replied Megumi as she tried to wipe the seemingly endless stream of tears from her face. She watched as Kaito began dialing a number. “Who are you calling?”

“Kaz-senpai. Knowing him, he’s probably still on campus. Maybe he can help us search.”

“You can’t!” screamed Megumi as she grabbed his arm

“And why the hell not?”

“Because it would be bad if he saw us like this.”

An angry look washed over Kaito’s face. “What’s more important to you? Finding your little sister or protecting your image in front of Kaz-senpai.” Megumi remained silent as she let go of Kaito’s hand. “Thought so.” Kaito hit the call and speaker buttons and waited patiently.

“Hello. Megumi, where are you?” asked the voice on the other line.

“Hey Kaz-senpai, its Kai. Kotori-chan’s gone missing and we need your help finding her.”

“She’s not missing,” replied an extremely confused Kazuma. “She’s here with me at Megumi’s house.”

“She’s what?” yelled Megumi, both angry and relieved at the same time.

“I said that she and I are at your house. She told me that you asked her to find me so that I could take her home. I’m guessing that was a lie.”

“Of course it was!” screamed Megumi. “How could you be so stupid as to believe that I would make that request of you without calling or texting first?”

“I’m sorry,” said the voice on the other line.

“Well whatever. At least we know she’s safe. Kaito and I will be heading back there now. Could you please watch her until we get there?”

“No problem,” answered Kazuma. “I’ll see you guys when you get here. Bye.” And with that, the connection was severed.

“Well that solves one problem,” declared Kaito as he handed the phone back to Megumi. “Now I can solve the other problem.” Megumi watched as Kaito turned his back to her and walked as far away as the chain would allow. She then heard the sound of a zipper being pulled down and a brief rustling of clothes. Then with the full moon illuminating the clearing, Megumi watched as a stream fell between Kaito’s legs. “Damn, I thought that I was going to wet myself for a second,” he moaned as relief engulfed his body.

“You’re a pig,” grunted Megumi as she felt her body slowly succumbing to the desire to pee.

“Why don’t you just pop a squat?” asked Kaito, never once turning his head back. “I promise I won’t look.”

“Even if I believed you, it’s not as simple as that.”

“Why not?”

“Because even if you don’t turn around, you’ll still be close enough to hear and possibly smell it.”

“If that truly is the problem, then I’ll just sing a song while trying not to inhale through my nose.”

“That’s still not good enough. Honestly, I think I can hold it long enough to make it home. After all it’s just a matter of mind over bladder,” she said trying to reassure herself. Unfortunately, fate had other plans. The moment she tried to stand up, she felt something warm and wet run down her legs. “Damn it,” she shrieked as she placed her hands to her crotch and applied pressure, hopping that it would be enough to stop the leaking flood gates.

“What’s going on?” asked Kaito as he finished up and turned around. Megumi was standing in front of him, a small patch of her once white skirt was dyed yellow. As he looked down, he could see droplets running down her legs.

“I think I managed to stop most of it,” sobbed Megumi. “I think I can hold out until I get home.”

“Quit lying to yourself,” snapped Kaito. “Why can’t you just throw away your pride for once and pee outside?”

“BECAUSE I’M SCARED!” she cried at the top of her lungs. “Because I’m scared.”

“There’s nothing to be scared about. Just let me help you.” Seeing no other option, Megumi nodded her head. “Do you think your ankle can support a squatting position?” Megumi shook her head. “Alright then, I’m going to need you to take off your soiled skirt and panties.

“Are you crazy? I am not doing that.”

“Do you want my help or not?” asked Kaito, his tone becoming more and more aggressive. “It’s not like I can even see that much when it’s this dark anyways.”

“Fine,” relented Megumi as she unzipped her skirt and let it fall to the ground. As she bent forward to pull down her panties, she noticed how yellow they had become. The front was so wet that drops were falling down to the grass below. She cringed a bit as she grabbed hold of her soaked panties and pulled them off. “What now?” she asked as she placed a hand in front of her exposed nether region.

“I’m going to pick you up,” replied Kaito. Before Megumi could protest, Kaito ducked behind her, wrapped his forearms underneath the back of each of her legs and hoisted her up above his waist. He then splayed Megumi’s legs out as far as he could without risking injury to her hips.

“What the hell do you think you’re doing?” Megumi protested.

“Helping. If you don’t like it you can punch me later. Now shut up and pee already. You’re starting to get heavy.” A couple minutes passed but nothing happened.

“I can’t. I just can’t,” she responded. “No matter how much I try, my mind won’t let me go.”

“Well then I guess will just have to force your mind to think of something else.” Suddenly Kaito bent his head forward and blew into Megumi’s ear.

“Don’t do that!” cried Megumi. “You know I have sensitive ears.”

“That’s the point,” replied Kaito. He then began blowing into her ear. A moan escaped Megumi’s mouth. Realizing that what he was doing wasn’t working, he resorted to gently nibbling her earlobe. Once again a moan escaped her body, but nothing else. Kaito’s arms were beginning to get tired and his knees were beginning to bend forward under the strain. He knew he didn’t have long until his arms would give out. With no other alternative, Kaito leaned in and whispered, “I’m sorry about this Megumi-senpai.” He then stuck his tongue in her ear and began moving it around.”

“AHHHHH,” screamed Megumi at the top of her lungs as the shock of Kaito’s tongue in her ear caused her to close her eyes. The stimulation was enough to shift her mind’s attention elsewhere. Within seconds, the dam burst, sending a torrential river of gold several inches into the air before crash landing a couple feet away. As she opened her eyes, she watched the jet coming from between her legs. “I’m doing it. I’m actually doing it.”

“Try to push a little harder please. It’s starting to drip down onto my legs.”

“Okay,” agreed Megumi as she pushed with all her might. The two of them watched as her stream went from spraying two feet ahead of them to spraying almost four feet away. “Hey Kai, if you tell anybody about this, especially Kaz-senpai, I swear I will rip your balls off and force feed them to you.”

“That’s a lovely image,” laughed Kaito, although he knew that she wasn’t joking. From the time that the jet first started until the time it petered out into mere droplets, three minutes had passed. After setting her back down in a dry patch of grass, Kaito fished through his sports bag and took out the towel Megumi had given back to him along with the shorts he had worn during track practice. “I know that there a little bit sweaty but it will have to do.”

“Thank you,” she muttered as she grabbed the towel and shorts. After cleaning herself up, Megumi looked at Kaito whose pants were slightly wet below the knees. “What are you going to do? You’ll look weird if you go back with piss spots on your pants.”

“Not a problem,” responded Kaito as he bent down and began unzipping the legs of his pants. “Good thing I had these imported from the U.S.” By the time he was done, his pants had become shorts. He then proceeded to gather everything up and threw it in his sports bag. “We should probably hurry back. I’m sure Kaz-senpai is getting worried.”

As Kaito prepared to squat down so that Megumi could climb onto his back, she stated, “Riding on your back makes me feel motion sick. Just carry me in your arms.”

“Are you sure about that? People might see that and get the wrong idea.”

“Honestly I’m too tired to care. Please just take me home.”

“As you wish Megumi-senpai,” replied Kaito

“Oh, and please stop calling me senpai. Just call me Megumi like you used to when we were kids.”

“As you wish Megumi.” He then lifted her up in his arms as though she were a princess. Megumi felt her heart beat faster and she could feel the blood rushing to her cheeks. It was strange, the first time Kaito had carried her, she felt nothing but embarrassment. But this time, she felt relaxed. She soon found it hard to keep her eyes open. While struggling to stay awake, she heard Kaito softly whisper, “It’s okay if you want to sleep. I’ll wake you up before we reach your house.”

“Ok,” yawned Megumi as she closed her eyes and leaned against Kaito’s chest. As she began falling asleep, she could hear Kaito’s heartbeat. She had heard it before when they used to play doctor when they were little. But this sound was different. It was no longer the sound of a frail and sickly boy but the sound of strong and healthy man. As she let the sound of Kaito’s heartbeat lull her to sleep, she found herself thinking that she had never felt safer in her entire life than in that moment. The last thought that entered her mind before she drifted off was this: “Maybe I could learn to love him.”

###

“Megumi. Megumi, it’s time to wake up now.” The sound of the voice awaking her from her slumber sounded sweet, yet different from the one she had been talking to before she fell asleep. As she opened her eyes, she found herself laying on the couch in her living room. Turning her head in the direction of the voice, she was given quite a shock to see Kazuma sitting on the floor beside her. “You’re finally awake I see. You’ve been asleep for about an hour now.” Megumi began scanning the room but did not see Kaito.

“Where’s Kai?” Had Megumi been fully awake at the time of asking her question, she might have seen the flash of jealousy spread across Kazuma’s face.

“He’s borrowing your washing machine. Don’t worry. He already explained everything to me about Kotori handcuffing you two together and you falling in muddy ditch behind the school while you were looking for her. I’m starting to wonder if falling in mud is going to be a pattern for you.”

“Maybe,” she chuckled.

“Well, I should get going,” said Kazuma as he stood up. “I’m sure that Yui is wondering where I am.” Megumi got up off the couch and walked him to the door. “Megumi, you know if you ever need anything, don’t be afraid to ask me. If you’re ever in trouble I will drop what I am doing and come to your aid.”

“I know that,” replied Megumi. “I just wish I could repay you for helping me out like you did tonight.”

Without warning, Kazuma leaned in and kissed Megumi on the cheek. “You just did,” he winked. Megumi held her cheek as she watched him leave.

“That sly son of a bitch,” called a male voice behind her. Megumi quickly spun around and saw both Kotori and Kaito standing by the steps.

“Hey nee-chan, how’ve ya been?” smiled Kotori.

“THERE YOU ARE!” shouted Megumi as she stormed over to Kotori. Before Kaito could intervene, Megumi raised her hand and slapped Kotori hard enough across the cheek to knock her down. “How can you be so damn selfish. Do you have any idea the hell you put everybody through?” As she swung her hand for another strike, Kaito quickly intercepted it with his hand. “Let me go,” grunted Megumi as she stared him down.

Kaito shook his head, “I can’t do that. Kotori is just a kid, I’m an adult. If you still feel the need to strike her, then strike me in her place.” Filled with rage, Megumi raised her free hand and slapped him as hard as she could. “Hit me again.” She did. “Again.” She did. “Don’t stop until all your rage is gone.” Megumi launched a barrage of slaps. She would use her right hand and then her left and then back to her right before repeating the process all over again. Through it all Kaito never once raised a hand against her nor did he try to block the hits. By the time the tenth round of slaps hit, Kaito’s lower lip was busted open and beginning to swell.

“Nee-chan stop!” cried Kotori her eyes filled with tears. Realizing that her sister wouldn’t stop anytime soon, Kotori jumped to her feet and ran out the door. The moment she was gone, Kaito finally decided to block Megumi’s slaps.

“That’s enough,” he said before walking past her. “I’m going to go retrieve your sister. Hopefully by the time I come back you’ll have come to your senses.”

“Fuck you,” panted Megumi as she fell to her knees. She watched as Kaito disappeared into the night.

###

Kaito found Kotori minutes later at park near her house. It was the same park that Kaito and Megumi used to play at when they were children and where Kotori now played. As he entered the park, he saw the young girl sitting on one of the swings. “Do you mind if I sit here next to you?” he asked. Kotori shook her head. Kaito slowly sat down on the swing.

“Can I sit in your lap like I used to?” asked Kotori, her eyes filled with tears. Kaito nodded. Kotori got up from her swing and sat on Kaito’s lap. She gently touched his bruised and swollen face. “My sister already hates me. Now you must hate me too.”

“Don’t be silly,” said Kaito. “There is nothing you could do that would make me hate you. I’m sure Megumi feels the same way. In fact, Megumi was really worried about you. She even cried when she thought that you might be lying injured somewhere. As an only child I don’t know what it’s like to have siblings, but I do know this. Megumi loves you very much. If she didn’t, she probably wouldn’t have gone ballistic like that.”

“Do you really think so?”

“I know so. Now do you want to tell me what you were trying to accomplish by doing this?”

“I just wanted to help you guys get closer. You haven’t been coming around as much lately and so I thought that if you two became boyfriend and girlfriend things would change. What I really want is for you two to get married so that you could become my real brother.”

“I’m sorry but that is not going to happen.”

“Why?”

“Because your sister is in love with somebody else,” Kaito hesitated for a moment. “She is in love Kaz-senpai.”

“So what? You’re way better than that guy.”

“Maybe so but it doesn’t matter. I already confessed my love to Megumi and she shot me down flat.”

“But you still love her right? Can’t you make her change her mind?”

“I could try, but that would be extremely selfish. You see, when you truly love someone, sometimes you have to sacrifice your happiness for theirs. It is because I love her that I have decided to support her no matter who she chooses.”

“But if she ends up with Kaz, then what will happen to you?”

“Like I said, I’ll support them with everything I’ve got, no matter how much it may hurt.”

“If she ends up marrying him, will you still be my nii-chan?

“Always,” replied Kaito, his smile mixed with hints of pain and sadness.

“You’re in pain, right? Why aren’t you crying?”

Kaito gently placed his hand on the little girl’s head as she continued to look up at him. “Because it would make Megumi sad. I love her too much to put her through that. Even if I could just stay by her side as a loyal friend, that would be more than enough for me.”

Tears began running down Kotori’s cheeks. “If you can’t cry, then at least let me cry for you.” She then buried her face in Kaito’s shirt. Kaito held her in his arms until she eventually cried herself to sleep minutes later.

He then gazed up into the sky and muttered to himself, “These Nakamura sisters don’t play fair at all.” As he shifted his gaze back to the ground, he noticed a long shadow moving towards him. Looking up from the shadow, he was shocked to see Megumi standing there, tears were flowing down her cheeks. Kaito stood up and carried the sleeping Kotori over to Megumi. “How much of that conversation did you hear?” he asked as he handed Kotori over to Megumi.

“All of it.” With the sleeping Kotori now in her arms, Megumi turned around and walked a few feet away from Kaito. “Kai, I want you to do me a favor. Don’t come near me nor Kotori for a while. I have a lot of things I need to figure out and I can’t do it with you around.” As she took a brief look back, she saw a single tear run down Kaito’s face. “I’m so sorry,” she said before running off.

Kaito was once again left alone in the darkness, wondering whether loving her was truly worth it. Looking up at the moon one final time he said to himself, “If I hadn’t been forced to move away back then, maybe things would have turned out differently between us.” As he began his trek back home, he was completely unaware of the figure hiding amongst the shadows of the park’s trees. The figure watched him walk out of sight.

“Oh my, it looks like I’ve stumbled on something rather interesting,” said a female voice. “This could be fun.”

To be continued….
