Let It All Out (Fullmetal Alchemist)

Author: Captain L

*000*2016-06-30 21:22

Spoiler alert: Fullmetal Alchemist spoilers. Episode 48 of Brotherhood, Chapter 87 of the manga.

###

Total darkness. Deep in the thick forest, even the moon's beams couldn't reach anyone on the ground. That was the plan, extinguish all light so the Homunculi, Pride and Gluttony, would be totally useless. Problem was, it left their target, Edward Elric, at the same level of uselessness. Thankfully, he had partners that could still fight; the heightened sense of Heinkel, a lion chimera, and one of the many princes of Xing, Ling Yao, currently sharing his body with the Homunculus Greed. They had the advantage, but the Homunculi were terrifying creatures, they could still turn the tides of battle.

That's why there were two more combatants charging in to assist the other humans, Ling's ninja bodyguards, Fu and his granddaughter Lan Fan. The young woman had just recovered from the process of attaching an automail arm after she lost hers in a fight against Wrath eight months ago. Automail surgery generally took years, and while Lan Fan had the determination to make it through faster like Edward before her, there's a limit to that speed. She hadn't fully healed yet, but back she went into the field to protect the young lord.

At the moment, Lan Fan was alone in the shadows of tree branches while her grandfather approached from a different direction to pin the enemy down. And she was in pain. Not just her shoulder trying to hold on to a new metal arm, though that was the primary suffering in terms of intensity. However, in her abdominal region, just below her stomach, was a duller ache, though still hurting. The ninja had to pee. Badly.

This wasn't the first time, of course not. She had gone through years of intense stealth training, she was a master of remaining hidden. Stopping to pee would not only slow her down, but would leave her defenseless for however long it took, as well as leaving a mark of her presence. Relieving herself was strictly out of the question. If she had to go, she was holding it until it was secure, no matter what. Wetting herself was not an option either, she would wait as long as it took without letting it affect her performance. Lan Fan was strong, Lan Fan was resolute, and Lan Fan was at her limit.

It would have been so much easier if she had gone to the bathroom before departing, she already had to by then, but punctuality was important. Ling was already in danger, time was of the essence, it would have been worse if they arrived a few minutes later. So for now, she just had to contain herself like an adult, even if she was 15. She'd just need to put a few Homunculi down, and then she could excuse herself behind a bush or a tree or something, anything.

She hit herself on the cheek (with her human hand) while holding her mask on with her automail. “Lan Fan, you are entrusted with the safety of the young lord. If you can't restrain your bodily functions, you're not worthy to this position. You will defend the Yao clan at any cost to yourself.” She could sense Gluttony's evil presence nearby, flailing around in blindness, with a similar aura mixed with Ling's jumping towards it. That was her cue to strike, as she drew the blade below the shoulder on her mechanical arm and waited for the precise second to jump, only after she was confident her very full bladder was secured.

Descending through the air with her arm in front of her, her acclimating eyes starting to see the fat Gluttony beneath her, her blade slicing through his flesh as her boots hit the dirt. The landing would look impressive even in full light, but she could tell she faltered, her ankles shook as she hit the ground. She should have had complete control over that, even with her center of gravity still adjusting, this was a bad sign. Only one blow had been landed, and she was already on a timer. They needed to win fast.

How did she let herself get into a fight in such a bad condition? This wasn't just a need to pee, this was pure, unceasing desperation. She could already feel her bladder filled to the brim, stretched out to near its capacity, probably unhealthily backing up to her kidneys. A lesser woman would have wet her pants long ago, but Lan Fan wouldn't let herself. Her underwear was still dry in an impressive display of self-control, but she was still human, it couldn't last forever. How badly she wanted to cross her legs, put a hand on her crotch, bounce in place, rip her pants down then and there, whatever would ease the pressure.

“Lan Fan,” Ling's voice called out. It was relieving to hear the young lord was alright, even with a Homunculus in his body. Just as Gluttony was recovering from the slice, Ling charged forward with his sword and cut the enemy down again. She didn't want to yet, she'd rather continue kneeling and ride out one of the many waves of desperation coursing through her at the moment, but she couldn't fail her prince. Against her better wishes, she leapt back into standing and cut Gluttony again, before jumping back into the safety of a nearby tree.

“Where are you? I can't smell you! I just want to eat yAUAGH,” the pitiful creature called out before being cut off by an explosion, which meant Fu had arrived and begun his assault. This meant Lan Fan had a few seconds to breathe and regain constitution, but it wasn't helping much. Being in a squatting position was not helping her resist the temptation to pee herself. At least she was alone right now, she could hold herself a little. Normally, she'd press her pants with her left hand to keep her dominant right available to throw a kunai, but with a weaponized left arm, it'd be a terrible idea, so right hand it was, as she rubbed her thighs together to aid in this fight.

This was bad. This was really, incredibly, impossibly, horribly bad. Lan Fan could tell by now, by the fact that the Homunculus had barely been injured by the attacks, there was no earthly way she could make it however long it would take to put Gluttony down, and that was without taking Pride on. She would have to pee very soon without any suitable place to do it. If this wasn't a dire situation, everywhere would be acceptable, which was only making her pressing desire worse.

Now, her mind was racing with any possible solutions. Squatting on a branch 10 feet above the ground, the thought certainly occurred to her to pull her pants down just enough and leak down. It'd be loud though, with the distance, heavy stream, and splashing, no way that could be hidden. Anything she could think of would cause noise, and even if she could suppress the volume, there was guaranteed to be a smell. She didn't drink enough to eliminate the odor for just this reason, and that just had to be the sense Gluttony was the most proficient in.

“I...I have to keep holding it,” the ninja whispered. This wasn't just losing honor or respect, if she stopped to use the bathroom as her body was begging her to do, she would be in serious danger. Even if she kept moving and wet herself, she'd have a traceable scent attached to her clothing, and her combat style of surprise and stealth would be entirely lost. But this wasn't just an inconvenience, she was literally on the verge of losing control, it wouldn't be possible to continue holding. Still, despite feeling she was about to burst, Lan Fan delicately removed her hand, already feeling the ramifications of having nothing to brace her bladder as a couple little drops leaking into her panties, indicating the storm would not be far behind.

The duty came first, so Lan Fan jumped from her perch and sliced Gluttony again, Ling carrying the combo with another cut. “Damn,” came a voice from the prince's body, but it wasn't his voice, which meant it had to be Greed. “You're quite the stud, having a fine woman like that hidden away!”

“What can I say, I'm full of surprises,” Ling's voice replied, as both retreated back into the darkness for another strike. Gluttony's various cries of pain echoed through the otherwise silent forest while Lan Fan hid behind a bush she wanted to do nothing more with than make it her toilet.

Her bladder was hurting her like a stab wound, and that was the most painful part of it to her. She was trained to cope with injury, she had cut off her own arm, the mere idea that a need to pee was not only distracting her, but worrying and scaring her, was pitiful. She knew she should be better than this, that a little urine shouldn't even be bothering her now. But she was still human, she couldn't last forever. She couldn't last any longer.

She had to reduce damage, finding the most efficient way to pee was the primary objective, holding it wasn't an option anymore, and her combat abilities would suffer if she continued to fight. She was already behind a bush low to the ground, her right hand was already on the waistband of her pants to pull them down. Her stealth gear was heavy, with plate armor, a long hood, and a mask to hide her face, but at least the bottom was just pants to remove.

Everything was silent, even Gluttony wasn't making any noise. “What is Edward doing to help,” she angrily wondered as her legs shuffled. She'd surely be noticed if she tried to go now, but she still pulled her pants down to her knees in preparation of the proper moment, leaving her black panties exposed if anyone could see. She wasn't ready to remove her underwear yet, for fear of not being able to control herself, but she was anxiously awaiting when she could. “Come on Fu, throw another bomb, make noise, give me some cover.”

The fact that there was still a thin cloth to cover her crotch did not mean much to her bladder, because a small, preparatory stream of pee trickled out and lightly splished on the brush below. She bit her lip, trying her hardest to force her bladder to stop, but it was tired and wouldn't obey. “Stop stop stop stop stop,” she quietly muttered, to no avail. And once she realized that, she yanked the panties down too, just to avoid soaking what she'd have to keep wearing.

She was peeing, she needed to and it was certainly good to take care of the urgent business, but she didn't want to be doing this yet. She bit her collar to muffle her own sounds, but it wasn't doing anything to the liquid noises, which sounded like a raging waterfall to her paranoid ears. The fact that it wasn't already a torrent was a testament to her iron will, but she'd rather it not even be the creek it was now. But her efforts weren't enough to stop it, so it continued with the hopes she'd succeed in containing the rest until it was safer.

Lan Fan was squatting behind a shrub, clothing out of the way, and peeing without being caught, this should have been perfect. But she knew, this was not the time no matter how it felt, it would only be a matter of time before someone noticed the little tinkling sound emanating from her position. She was pushing her exhausted muscles to close the flow, they obeyed just a little and slowed to a trickle, but refused to halt completely.

“Ooh, I can smell something!” Gluttony had to be referring to her, Lan Fan could smell herself too, that meant time was up. She hurriedly pulled her pants and underwear back up and ran, still unable to stop peeing past a few squirts. It was very bad that she had a scent on her as long as Gluttony was still standing, but there wasn't much she could do about that. She could ditch her panties to throw pursuers off her trail, but that'd only work if she could avoid wetting her pants, looking more impossible by the second. For now, she'd just have to accept this was yet another handicap.

Her panties were thoroughly wet, dripping down her legs, leaving her loose pants mostly untouched. Her whole outfit was black anyway, no one would see without precise lighting, but it was certainly still shameful. It wouldn't be the first time she'd wet her stealth gear, pushing to one's limits means failures, but she wasn't supposed to. The ninja just wanted the security to relieve herself fully so she could return to her sworn duty, the duty she should be worrying about now if her bodily needs weren't so imperative.

The sound of a heavy jump shot from not far away, and the aura of a Homunculus was fast approaching, even more evil this time. “I've got you now,” it shouted, a gravely undertone to the voice. Stepping in place out of desperation, Lan Fan wound her automail arm back, and punched Gluttony once he was close. Her fist just missed his face by an inch to the right, just as intended, her blade cutting his head as her arm flew past. As he was distracted by screaming in pain, Lan Fan ran.

Clearly ground level wasn't safe, but she didn't feel able to jump into a tree again. It was a difficult maneuver, and the feeling of a weight below her stomach, one about to explode with the pressure of a misconnected steam pipe, was not keeping her confident. Instead, she ran behind a tree far enough away, pressing her back flat against the trunk.

“Can't...can't hold it,” she panted. Her underwear was a dripping mess, spurts sliding down her legs into her boots, the wet patch on the crotch of her pants growing larger with each loss in control. Against her better judgments, she grabbed herself tight with her right hand, fighting not to put her automail in the same place, pressed her thighs together tight, and started bouncing. She couldn't help it anymore, dancing like a little girl, this was a necessity now.

She could hear Gluttony flailing around, but that was no longer Lan Fan's concern. She hooked her thumb of a shaking hand on the waist of her pants, ready to disrobe once more. “Please, someone give me an opening.” Her urethra was burning, the taste of emptiness lingering with full intention of completing it. Her tiny piddle had only made her desperate need to pee worse, with only a mildly relieved bladder to show for it.

Without warning, her support disappeared and she lost her balance backwards, about to fall on her ass with her mask falling off, Gluttony smacking it away before it hit the ground. As she tumbled, she could hear the Homunculus breathing, which meant he had probably eaten the tree, and now she was down at his mercy. Normally, she could do some fancy maneuver and escape, but she was surprised and not thinking straight. “I'm going to eat you,” the Homunculus exclaimed, reaching in to grab the ninja. At least no one would blame her if she wet herself while being eaten. Maybe she could escape his stomach like Ling did, however he did.

It felt like Gluttony was savoring the moment, scaring Lan Fan before swallowing her, and she was freaked out now. Death shouldn't paralyze her so much, this is what she was trained to face, but she was honestly terrified. And as such, now she started to have an accident, the warmth spreading through her pants, puddling in the dirt beneath her. Laying on the ground, it was making very little noise, just a little pattering against her clothing as she lost all hold over her bladder. While she was aware it was happening, there were a few too many other worries to think much of it.

Gluttony was leaning in, mouth probably agape since she couldn't see it, and Lan Fan accepted her fate. A defender of a prince of Xing was about to die while peeing herself. That's when a loud crunch above her, followed by Gluttony screaming for a solid few seconds before landing what sounded like far away. She had been so preoccupied she hadn't been sensing any chi, but she didn't need to check who arrived, because he asked, “Lan Fan, are you alright?”

She'd know that voice anywhere. “I'm sorry, young lord. I shouldn't have needed your assistance like that.” Now she was acting like she was trained to, after she had already lost and it didn't matter. But even after expressing shame for needing help, she still held her human hand out to be picked up to her feet.

“Don't be scared, sweetheart,” Greed's voice “comforted”.

“You're a badass like me, we can take Gluttony down hard.”

The awkwardness caused by Ling's body being so crude made Lan Fan snap out of that trance and remember, she was still peeing. Standing in front of the prince, an ocean of urine, her urine, flooding her outfit and pooling beneath her boots. She could feel the warmth of hot pee pouring down, her now soaked pants clinging to her skin. Even without sight, there was no possible way anyone could mistake what happened to her. And without her mask to cover her face, she felt so exposed. “I'm sorry to ask this of you, young lord, but...could you please give me a minute?” It really sounded like she was about to cry.

Of course it was Greed who was listening. “Alright, fine. Finish pissing, and then that fat bastard's ours.” He sauntered away to somewhere, leaving his guard alone and hating herself. She couldn't bring herself to make any noise, instead opting to suffer with the only sound being the echoes of splashing. She didn't want to believe this could happen, but it was the truth, and she had to face her failure. Lan Fan, loyal bodyguard to Prince Ling Yao, wet herself.

She was utterly drenched, with almost no dry spot remaining on her pants by the time she finished. Not that she was surprised by her own bladder capacity, but it was mortifying that it had to all come out now. As the final clinging drops fell from her clothing, she clumsily stepped out of her own disgraceful puddle, shivering as the once tepid cascade turned freezing in the cold night air. She wanted to throw her pants away, discard the humiliation and bitter chill, but...she had been through enough already without stripping halfway. She'd rather risk hypothermia.

She reached her hand up to cover her face, shaking it first to dry it off as best as possible from the palm touching the ground as the puddle spread. Before she could even touch her head, something she didn't hear being thrown flew at her, and she grabbed it with impressive finesse. “I found your mask,” Greed called. Why did it always have to be Greed? “You should probably put it on. I'd want to after that.”

Not a very understanding or supportive Homunculus, but he did still return her mask. She did want to put it back on, so she flipped her hood back, showing her black hair tied back in a bun as she tied the mask back onto her face, pulling her hood back. She looked like a full ninja again, standing straight in full uniform. Except that the uniform was soaked.

“You all better now,” Greed asked. “Good. We've still got Homunculi to hunt. And take those clothes off once we've got privacy.” That made Lan Fan legitimately angry, using her prince's body to seduce her like that, but she had the weird, baseless feeling a sincere intent from Ling was buried somewhere. And she needed both of them for the fight, so she let it slide once. They both ran to where Greedling punted Gluttony prepared for a fight, though it would be an uncomfortable one for the ninja.

