The night before the Pneuma Flower (Sword Art Online)

Author: cplwet

*000*2022-12-30 05:17

Disclaimer: All of my stories are written with the help of AI to varying degrees, though I still write the majority myself.

Silica sat on the bed, embarrassed by the fact that she had nearly answered the door for Kirito in her underwear. She had quickly realized it, thankfully, and thrown on a nightgown, even putting her hair back in her short twintails for good measure. He of course had no idea about all this, and was showing her a Mirage Sphere to scout the route they would take to get the Pneuma flower the following day.

"...So tomorrow we'll go straight from here," Kirito said. "That's where I found the last one."

"How long will it take?" Silica asked. Kirito continued explaining and Silica followed along as best she could, but was still blushing, even harder now because her nervousness had triggered her bladder. The drinks from their meal earlier were not helping.

As Kirito continued talking she felt her panties grow warm as urine leaked out beneath her to soak through her panties into the bed beneath her, thankfully hidden beneath her nightgown. If he only knew...Silica thought with a shudder. It was embarrassing enough that she couldn't hold it anymore... but on top of that, having Kirito see her wet herself was too much to bear.

"Let's start heading..." Kirito froze mid sentence.

Silica looked around the room in surprise; there was nothing particularly unusual. They were alone at the inn. Then why...?

She opened her mouth to ask and he shushed her, glaring over at the door before rushing over and opening it, sword drawn. She heard a figure running down the stairs outside their room and jumped up off the bed to go over to Kirito. She panicked for a moment remembering her accident, quickly throwing the covers over it to conceal it, before going to join him.

"What was that?" She asked

"They heard us." Kirito replied

Silica looked at him in shock "But unless you’ve knocked you can’t hear through a door.."

Kirito interrupted her. " It’s different if your listening skill is high enough. But few people invest the time to raise it."

"But why would they want to listen in on us?" Silica asked. There was an ominous feeling about the whole thing.

"I don't know, but make sure you lock your door tonight" He replied, before his hard expression softened and he looked at her, ruffling her hair. "its probably nothing, but its better to be safe. lets get some sleep though, we'll be starting pretty early tomorrow"

"Ok" she said shyly, blushing as he left, closing the door behind him. she stood there, dazed, thoughts of Kirito floating through her head.

A trickle of urine snaked down her leg, shocking her back to reality. She was still standing there in soaking wet panties, and she still needed to pee! She rushed over to the bathroom and quickly used the toilet not even bothering to pull down her already ruined underwear. When she was done, Silica leaned back for a moment, trying to calm her racing heart.

Everything had happened so fast. The Door... her accident... and then Kirito being interrupted by the eavesdropper... Silica felt a blush creep onto her cheeks as she remembered her embarrassment.

She sighed, cleaned herself up and changed panties before going back to bed, hoping the spot where she had been sitting would dry by morning and thinking of how tomorrow would go.

***

