Erin's Nightmare Real Estate Showing

Author: CptTickle

*000*2024-04-21 02:41

Erin was getting ready for her job a business real estate agent in her bathroom. She was brushing her silky brown hair that fell just past her chin. She was 27, but people often thought she had a bit of a baby face, and looked slightly younger. She was wearing just her white bra that held her small, but perky B cup breasts, and a pair of boy-short style white panties that had little peaches on them, with the words "Georgia Peach" written across her full round butt.

Erin's phone buzzed, and she got a smile on her face when she realized it was from Jake, a cute client she has been working with. It read "hey, my boss wanted to see that property on 28th street. I know it's last minute, but my coworker Taylor and my boss Carl wanted to get a tour this morning. Any chance we could see it, i'll bring you a Starbucks latte as a thank you..."

Erin bit her lip as she texted back "make it a Venti and I can make it happen at 10:00 am"

Jake replied instantly "this is why you're my favorite."

Erin was gitty not just because she would get the chance to flirt with Jake, but also because she got a chance to show up Taylor. She knew Taylor in high school, and it was not a good time. Erin always struggled with overactive bladder, and she had a history of having accidents in class, including 3 different times in the middle of class. To top it off, she had bad acme when she was younger, and was about 40 pounds heavier.

All of that made her an easy target for popular girls like Taylor. Erin still had nightmares about one of the worst days of her life. When she was just 17, she was giving a presentation in Spanish class. The teacher refused to let her use the bathroom while other students were presenting. When it was Erin's turn, she got nervous and her bladder gave for a few seconds. It wasn't a total wetting, but enough to make a hand sized stain on the front of her jeans. That was when Taylor gave her a nickname that stuck. She yelled out "can someone get her some pampers" and the class erupted in laugher. Erin was known as "Pampers" until she graduated.

Now though, Erin was 27, she had a body and face most people would kill for, she had a successful career, and she couldn't wait to see how much better she aged than Taylor. Erin already laid out her work clothes, a pair of trendy high waisted black pants, a white tank top and a black blazer. But, now knowing she would see Jake and Taylor, she made a change of plans. Erin grabbed what she thought was her sexiest, yet still work appropriate dress.

It was light grey, went down to ger ankles and was beyond skin tight. She pulled it on over her ample butt, showing every curve. It was so tight, you could even see the outline of her rib cage when she reached up. With her outfit change though, Erin forgot to put on no-show panties, and didn't realize her "Georgia Peach" boyshorts left some noticeable panty lines. Erin looked up at the clock and realized she was running late. She felt a slight pinch in her bladder, but was worried she wouldn't have time to use the bathroom before she left. She figured she could go at the property before everyone arrived and be fine. She poured some coffee into a thermos and ran out the door.

Erin chuegged her coffe on the drive over. felt a definite discomfort in her bladder as she pulled up to the large 70-story office building. There was a huge parking structure underneath. Erin was biting her lip and keeping her thigh muscles tight as she drove around looking for a space. Once She found one, she parked, then walked somewhat quickly to the door, swaying her hips in a mini potty dance as she did. She got to the lobby of the skyscraped and scanned for a bathroom, feeling a constant pressure in her bladder, but to her avail didn't see one. The building had separate elevators for different floors. Erin figured her best option would be to find the floor she was going to show them, and use the bathroom up there.

She found the elevator to her section and got inside the mirrored elevator by herself. She started to adjust her hair and admire her outfit. But when she turned to look at her butt, she winced as she realized she wore the wrong underwear and you could see a very visible panty line. "fuck" she mouthed to herself, but at this point she didn't have any other options.

Erin stepped out the elevator confidently, but looking for a bathroom. There was a reception in the lobby for this section of the building, which contained three different offices behind her. Behind a large desk was a thin, very pretty 30-year-old with long red hair, wearing a form fitting green dress. Erin took quick steps and bent over the desk resting one hand on it "Hi, I'm Erin with midpoint realty. I'm here to show some clients around the space for lease."

The redhead looked up "oh of course, it should all be unlocked already and ready to tour, I just have some paperwork for you to sign" as she handed Erin a clipboard. Before Erin took the paperwork, she felt a sudden pressure increase in her bladder and she placed both hands on the desk and lifted her knee up. She thankfully didn't leak any, but the receptionist gave her a strange look. Erin sheepishly said "is there a bathroom I could use quick?"

The receptionist winced as she said "well, there isn't any in the lobby area here. And we're really not supposed to let anyone use the ones in the office space for lease, I'm sorry." Erin was frustrated and said quietly "ok, please it's kind of an emergency."

The receptionist forced a fake smile and said "the bathrooms should be unlocked in there, if you slip in nobody will notice."

Before Erin could run in and use the bathroomm she heard the elevator. She was angry as she saw that Taylor stepped out. Not only because it meant she couldn't use the bathroom, but because of how incredible she looked. She had an amazing hourglass figure, a gorgeous youthful face at 27 years old, and beautiful long blonde hair. She was wearing skin-tight black pants and a red top that showed off her cleavage. She looked classy, yet sexy. Erin's hopes that she aged poorly in the last 10 years were dead. Still Erin had a job to do, and needed to keep it professional.

As Taylor walked into the building she smiled warmly at Erin "Hi, nice to meet you, I've heard so much about you from Jake."

Erin smiled professionally "Hi, it's good to see you... We have actually met before though."

Taylor gave a quizzical look "we have? I haven't been looking at any other buildings yet?"

Erin pursed her lips "yeah, we actually went to high school together" She said I'm Erin Schlansky."

Taylor smiled "I'm sorry" she said sweetly "I don't want to be rudem but I don't seem to remember, that was a while ago"

Erin wince slightly "remember..." and said quitly "some people called me.. pampers"

Taylor seemed to recognize her now "oh my gosh.. of course... I mean, I'm sorry." Taylor seemed genuine as she said "you seriously look amazing, I would have never guessed. Talk about a glow up."

Erin tried to move past and it start anew and said "thanks, yeah I guess you could say that."

Taylor leaned in "Can I just put it out there, I was horrible in high school, I was still feel bad about it to this day, I know I made fun of you when you just had a... medical problem. And I'm truly sorry."

Erin realized this wasn't the revenge meeting she was daydreaming of. She paused for a moment, tucked her hair behind her ear and said "I do really appreciate you telling me that Taylor. Thank you."

Erin then felt a wave of pressure overtake her bladder, but thankfully she was able to keep her composure and do any awkward potty dances or grab herself. Of all the times to be desperate for a pee, this was not a good one.

Taylor changed gears "so, I think the other are just behind us, it should just be a moment."

Just then the others stepped out of the elevator. Jake was driving and got out first. He looked handsome yet professional. He was 28 years old, tall at 6'3 with short brown hair, a larger nose, and a chizeled jawline. He was and wearing a pair of slim gray pants and white button down shirt tucked in.

Also getting out of the car was his boss Carl, who was about 50 years old, a little heavyset with thin graying black hair, wearing a navy suit with no tie.

Getting out of the back was Kayla, who was very pretty at 25 years old, long dark brown hair and wearing skinny jeans, a white turtleneck and a brown corduroy blazer.

As the group walked in, Erin was tightly crossing her legs while standing and clasped her hands together, pressing them into her crotch, someohow managing to make it look natural rather than her trying to keep her bladder in check. Jake held up the large coffe he brought her in one hand and smiled as he handed it to her. Erin gave a sublte, but flirty smile as she took the coffee and said "my hero" sarcastically.

Carl, the older boss extended his hand "hi nice to meet you. Jake was right, this place looks really nice, can you show us around."

Erin wanted to reach down and grab her crotch with her free hand. She could make it look natural with two, but now that she was holding a coffee, it wasn't an option. She swayed her hips back and forth as she led the group into the building. Her bladder was now slightly painful and it was hard to concentrate on anything else. Erin's plan was to tell them all to look around, then run to the bathroom.

Erin gestured towards the office spaced and said "so why don't you all have a quick look around yourselves for a moment first.."

But before she could even finish her thought, Carl butted in "Can you run down the capacity numbers for us?"

Erin clasped both of her hands in front of her crotch again and tightly crossed her legs, trying to not make it obvious that she was grabbing herself. She was squeezing her thighs together and gently rocking her hips side to side, but stayed and profession. "yeah of course" Erin said "it's two floors. There is cubicle space for 100 employees, 10 offices on each floor, three of them executive sized, and 4 conference rooms."

Erin's eyes stared longingly at the bathroom sign. She tried again to get the group to look around and said "so, why don't you all.." But this time Taylor butted in "oh I would love to get a look at what would be my office." She said with excitemet.

Erin forced a smile "of course" she said and turned around and walked the group past the bathroom and to the offices. She heard Kayla whisper something to Taylor. She turned her head and saw they were both looking at her butt and grinning. Erin turned red as she thought they were making fun of her obvious panty line in her skin-tight gray dress. But she did her best to ignore it. Erin opened up the office and gestured for them to step and and look. As she stood there her bladder was screaming for relief. She couldn't help but to shuffle her butt side to side and bounce up and down. Jake put his hand on the small of her back as he passed and said "too much coffee?" Erin replied "nope, just really excited about affordable office space in a prime location" she said with a sarcastic smile.

Erin felt a sudden increase in pressure in her bladder. She instictively grabbed her crotch with one hand and doubled over. She was able to keep it all inside, but there was no more playing around. She needed a bathroom now. She said politely to the group "excuse me for just one moment guys" and took quick short steps to the bathroom.

Erin pushed into the bathroom door, but it wouldn't budge. She tried again, same thing. Erin let a quiet whimper and said to herself "damn it, damn it damn it." She looked around to see no one was in sight, threw out her coffe in the garbage and then grabbed her crotch with both hands tight. Erin breathed in deeply and thought for a moment. She would just have to go back to the front desk and ask them to either unlock the bathroom, or tell her where one is. There is no reason a massive building like this shouldn't have one place for her to pee.

Erin frantically went up to group who were talking in the office "You guys just have a look around for minute, I need to check on something." she said in a rushed tone "I'll be right back."

Erin started to panic as she quickly walked back to the reception area. The last time she needed to pee this bad, she ended up wetting her pants in her friends car while stuck in traffic. She dug both hands into her crotch and pressed firmly. As she got to the door just before the reception area she paused, straightened up, and walked out confidently. She marched back to the redhead receptionist "Excuse me, but the bathrooms are locked back there. Could someone please unlock thm" Erin said "or is there a bathroom nearby."

The receptionist seemed to understand her plight "ok, I'll see if someone can unlock them in a minute." She said.

Erin crossed her legs like a pretzel and bent over at her waist, she felt any moment she could just let it all rush out of her. She whispered loudly "umm, this is kind of an emergency, I really, really need a bathroom. Where can I go... NOW."

The receptionist smiled a little "I'm sorry ma'am, but all the bathrooms are in the different offices." She said.

Erin was getting angry "ok, well where do YOU go to the bathroom then?"

The receptionist was annoyed, but sympathetic as she replied "there is an employee one in the back, but I'm sorry, no one is allowed back there." The receptionist took a deep breath "ok, just wait here for a minute, I'll make a call and make sure someone with keys comes and unlocks the bathrooms for you, ok."

As the receptionist walked into the back, Erin grabbed her throbbing pee-hole with both hands, clenching the fabric of her skin-tight gray dress in-between. The pressure was constant. Erin was bouncing up and down and constantly wiggling around, getting funny looks from people walking in and out of the lobby. All of a sudden, Erin felt her bladder release. She let out a trickle for about 2 seconds before she slammed her thighs together and stop the flow. Erin could feel the warmth spread through her panties, and wet the fabric of her dress as she was grabbing onto it. Erin let out a whimper. She almost didn't want to look down, but she removed her hands, and she felt her heart race as she saw an orange sized pee stain on the front of her gray dress. "oh, god, oh god" Erin thought to herself. She looked around, and saw a stack of paper on the reception desk. She grabbed one and started dabbing at her crotch, trying to dry it.

Just then, the redhead receptionist came back and let out a short, but powerful laugh "are you ok?" She asked.

Erin turned beet red and held the paper in front of her wet spot. "yeah, I just really need a bathroom, is someone coming?" She asked in a panic.

The receptionist replied "someone is coming up now to unlock the bathrooms. Have you tried the second floor unit?" She asked Erin.

Erin just shook her head no.

The receptionist continued "ok, those should be unlocked, that's probably your fastest option." The receptionist then looked at the paper Erin was covering herself with "do you need that form for something?" She asked.

Erin stayed silent as she handed it back to the receptionist, revealing the stain on her dress. The receptionists eyes bulged as she saw it. Now realizing that Erin started to wet herself, she started to feel bad "oh honey, it's ok, just hurry upstairs" She took another look at her dress "just go get yourself cleaned up" she said.

Erin tried to formulate a plan as she walked back in with quick, short steps. She couldn't let Jake, Taylor and the others see her pee stain, but she was still at work, and had to find a way to be professional. Erin get them all upstairs ASAP so she could pee, and hopefully dry off her dress.

Erin spotted the group huddled in the section with cubicles. She purposely stood a row away from them, with just her head poking above as she shouted "h-hey guys. We can c-come back to this section later, I want to show you the upstairs to um, go o-over some numbers."

Jake gave her a strange look "Hey, we would actually like to finish seeing the first floor first if that's ok?"

Erin said stammered "umm, we'll come back to it, just follow me."

Taylor raised an eyebrow and said "oo-kaaay" And they all followed Erin.

Erin made sure to keep her back to them all, hiding her stain. She walked too fast for comfort, gaining more distance on the group. She got to a door with a staircase. Normally, she would never do this to clients, but she walked through and let the door fall behind her. She heard Taylor whisper and giggle to the others, she assumed it was about her strange behavior. It was humiliating for Erin, but not as humiliated as letting them see she started to wet herself.

When they got to the second floor, Erin still had her back turned to the group. She turned just her head around. Her voice shaked as she said "why don't you have a quick look around yourselves, I just need to check on something" Taylor, Kayla and Carl started to have a look around and Erin made a bee-line for the bathroom. She walked as fast as she could to one of the building, as soon as her back was turned to the group she fully grabbed her crotch with both hands, and bend over slightly as she walked. Her eyes darted around the building looking for a sign for the bathroom. "There!" she thought to herself as she saw a sign for the ladies room in the corner. A wave of pressure overtook Erin. She whimpered as she tensed all the muscles in her legs, trying to hold it back. She fought hard for about 5 seconds while standing perfectly still, and thankfully the wave passed. But she needed a bathroom, and now.

She continued on to the ladies room, past the handful of offices and put all of her weight into the door. It didn't budge. Erin mouthed "fuck" and she was started to panic. Her bladder was screaming. She was alone in this big empty office, thankfully away from the group. She was doing a full on potty dance now and constantly shifting her weight and moving her knees up and down. She looked into an office and thought for a brief moment about peeing in the corner. "no" she thought to herself, I'm not "Pampers" anymore, I'm an adult and I can hold it. She tried to calm herself. The other bathroom at the other end has to be open. It HAS to be. She took a deep breath in, and then exhaled.. but that was a mistake.

She felt a wave of pee try to rush out of her, she slammed her thighs together and grabbed herself between her skin-tight dress. But this time it slipped. Erin felt a wet warmth spread out of her, wetting her dress and her hands. It only lasted a second before she was able to cut off the flow. She removed her hands and looked down. Her face turned white as she saw the now plate sized pee stain on the front of her light gray dress. "Damn it, damn it damn it." she thought to herself. She buried her hands into her crotch again and sped walked to the other bathroom. She could still salve this she thought, she just had to get a bathroom, and dry off her dress.

She had to walk past the break room to get to the other bathroom. When she got there, she felt another wave, she put both hands down on a table and crossed her legs. She was able to stem off the flow before she leaked anymore. Erin was worried if she could make it the last few steps to the bathroom as this point without leaking again. Erin heard footsteps and Taylor and Kayla chatting as they walked into the kitchen. Quickly, Erin sat down at the table, so they wouldn't see the front of her dress.

Taylor smiled cheerfully "oh hey, there you are" as she and Kayla sat down. Taylor continued "hey, we were wondering if there is a way we could make this a 5 year lease instead of a 7 year, is that possible?" Erin had to try and maintanin her professionalism, but it was hard. She already started to have an accident. She wrapped her legs around each other as tight as she could and was bouncing her foot as she said "um, yeah, we, we have a fe, few options we could... " She cut herself off and froze as she felt her bladder give out. Her eyes went wide and her face turned beet red as she peed full force for 3 seconds. She stood up and straight and was able to clamp it off. Erin could feel the warm pool of urine beneathe her butt and down the back of her thighs. She knew her butt was wet, but wasn't sure how bad.

Taylor reazlied something was wrong "hey, are you ok?" she said quizzically. Erin's face was white as a ghost at this point. She had to think of a way to cover. "umm, this is a little awkward she said. "I think I sat in some water." Kayla looked at her "oh really, that's odd, I wonder where that came from?" Taylor joined in "so, you're just going to keep sitting in it?" she said with a laugh.

Erin knew she had to hide the grapefruit sized pee stain on the front of the dress, so she shyly stood up, trying to keep her butt turned towards the girls. Erin almost burst into tears when she saw that she had a wet stain in perfect circle the size of a serving platter on her butt, making her dress slightly see-through. A smile crept across Kayla's face as she said "yeah, it looks like your Georgia Peach is wet." Both Kayla and Taylor started giggling uncontrollably. Erin spun around to conceal her butt, for forgot about the stain on her front. Taylor's eyes bulged as she saw the stain on her front "oh honey, are you ok?" Kayla tried to cover her mouth and conceal her laugter as she said "I'm sorry, I'm sorry. That's not funny." Taylor gave her a look of both disgust and amusement and said "Did you have a little accident? .. Just run to the bathroom sweetie."

Erin turned out flustered and starting charging for the bathroom. She didn't look wher she was going, and slammed right into Jake who was coming from the other direction. Erin lost her balance and fell into Jake. Jake grabbed her waist and helped stabilize her, just above her pee statin on her butt. Erin felt like a deer in the headlights as jake was mere inches away from touching her wet backside. She looked up at Jake's eyes "I'm so sorry" she mumbled.

Jake's hands lingered on her waist, as her body was pressed up firmly against his. Jake said coyly "don't worry, no need to rush, just relax."

Erin's body took that comment to heart. Erin let out a sudden, full-force stream of pee. She felt it instantly soak the front of her dress and run all the way down her legs. She jumped out of Jake's arms and grabbed her crotch with both hands while bent forward. This time, she couldn't stop it. She stared down at her dress as pee cascaded out of her. Soaking the front of her dress from her crotch down to her ankles. The room was silent except for the hissing of her pee hitting the floor. It felt like an eternity, but it was only a couple seconds before Jake said angrily "what the hell, did you just pee on me?" Erin, still peeing uncontrollably into her dress, looked down at Jake's pants and saw there was a dinner plate sized stain on his crotch. Erin finally was able to clamp of the flow of her pee. Her face lost all color and she had tears starting to form in her eyes. "oh my god. I'm so sorry" she said.

Kayla behind her started to giggle, as Taylor just stared in bewilderment. Jake was holding the wet fabric of his pants away from his leg. He looked at Erin's dress in disgust, completely soaked from her crotch all the way to the hem at her ankles in the front, with a pee puddle on the floor. He started to take a couple steps back from Erin.

Erin stammered "oh my god, I I, I am sorry." She then took a step forward towards Jake, as she did, she slipped in her pee puddle, landing hard on her butt. Laughter erupted from both Kayla and Taylor. Taylor said as she laughed "are you ok there Erin?" Erin just looked at herself, soaked in pee now on the front and back, sitting in a puddle of her own making in the middle of an office building. She couldn't even bring herself to speak.

Taylor saw that Jake was upset about Erin peeing on his pants. Taylor got up and walked to Jake, putting her arm on his shoulder "come on let's get you cleaned up in the bathroom" she said.

Erin let out a mumbled and somewhat angry "the bathroom is locked."

Taylor looked down at Erin said with a condescending tone "I just used the one over here on the other side, it's not locked."

Erin felt defeated. She slowly started to get up from the floor. There was a massive pee puddle surrounding her. Her dress was soaked in the front and back, and now it see-through where it was wet, with her "Georgia Peach" panties visible to everyone.

Erin mumbled "I'll get someone to clean this up. She sheepishly walked back to the receptionists desk. When she walked in, a group of two women and a man gawked as they saw Erin's dress. She did her best to ignore them, but as she walked past them, she overheard one of the girls say "Georgia Peach" with a laugh. Erin shot them a dirty look. The girls just giggled to themselves, while the guy gave a bewildered look.

When the redheaded recepionist saw Erin her jaw dropped "oh. My GOD." she said "are you ok?" She asked Erin.

Erin fought back tears as she said "I had a little problem." then took a deep breath "and, there is a bit of a mess upstairs in the break-room that needs to be cleaned."

The receptionist tried to be sympathetic "it's ok" She said. Then whispered to Erin "Can I tell you something?" Erin looked up at the pretty redhead "yeah" The redhead lowered her voice even more "last year, I was driving across the state and couldn't find a gas station. And when I did, I wet my pants as I ran inside. It happens sweetie."

Erin was still utterly humiliated, but her story did help and she muttered "really?"

The receptionist said "yeah, really" and then put her arm on Erin's shoulder. And said "I'll make sure it gets cleaned up, but umm, maybe you could tell your clients to cut the tour short." Erin just shook her head yes and walked back in. It would be humiliating to face them again, but the damage was already done.

Erin slumped back into the breakroom. Carl was still there and just stared at her dress in silence, Kayla had a giant grin across her face, while Taylor stared blankly at her was standing with her butt in front of Jake, concealing his stain. While Jake had a disgusted and angry look on his face. Erin looked down, so I'm sorry but we'll have to cut the tour short. Carl spoke up "in all my years I've never seen anything like this. I'll be following up with your boss, and hopefully someone else can show us around later." The group all left as Erin just stood there in her soaking wet dress, completely defeated.

