Story arch that I am working on, about Male wetting

Author: cumonerybody

*000*2020-08-10 07:11

Hi All!!

Below I am posting the first part of a story I have been working on the past day or two. A lot of it is influenced by personal fantasy, as well as some naughty wettings I have been doing with a female companion via video chat . Lets just say after hopping from foot to foot while begging a mistress to let you pee, and slowly leaking, has given me some authorial inspiration.

The remaining parts will go up based on reactions. Hope you like it!

A DAY AT THE WATER PARK: PART 1

Craig shot up from his bed with a slight jolt, at the sound of his Pokemon alarm. He yawned and stretched, suddenly becoming aware of his painfully full bladder. As Craig stepped out of bed, he was surprised at how bad he had to pee, despite a fully erect penis. Craig squeezed his erect morning cock, as he shuffled around his room to get his clothes and other items needed for the bathroom.

As he began to awaken, this caused his bladder to contract more. Craig squeezed his legs together, and started walking briskly towards the bathroom, slightly hunched over. As he turned the knob, he was greeted by a lock, and the sound of running water. The water made Craigs bladder contract heavy, causing a small amount of pee to escape his still erect dick, and drip on his shorts. He gasped, before holding his crotch, and knocking on the door.

*Knock Knock Knock*

“Can you hurry up in there please ?” Craig let out, mildly pounding on the door while crossing his legs, tense to let out his morning pee. *oh I really regret finishing up all that root beer at 4 in the morning* Craig thought to himself, as his bladder painfully pushed past its limit. “I’m almost done, relax yourself little boy” replied his snarky older cousin. Amanda. “Jesus enough with the little boy comments, you got 5 years on me, you’re not all wise” Craig retaliated. A chill from the air conditioning tingled him, to the point where he had to hop from one foot to another, to keep the warm piss stretching his bladder, from further dampening his shorts.

“As long as you continue to always wet your pants, you will always be little baby boy Craig” Amanda mocked, casually applying her makeup. Today they were going to a water park, and Amanda wished to look her best, to attract attention from cute guys, and to tease her younger cousin, who tended to be a sissy, yet was sexually attracted to Amanda, in ways he wishes he wasn’t. “Thats not true!!” Craig responded In defiance, blushing in pain as his bladder contracted further. He further blushed as a small amount of pee soaked into the blue sports shorts he wore to bed.

Amanda, despite being a raging bitch, was not totally wrong.

At 22 years old, Craig was strongly unlucky when it came to holding his bladder. Since they were kids, it seems Craig always had a bathroom issue. Almost every year since he was at least 4 , Amanda can recall an incident where Craig either wet his pants, or was dangerously close to the point the entire group he was with will never forget the desperation and energy he emitted to prevent an accident. Almost as if bound by telepathic force, that only twins share, Amanda and Craig both recalled the exact moment nearly 3 years ago, where Craig had an accident at a family friends wedding.

Craig blushed in shame, and Amanda Giggled, at the memory of him running to the bathroom during the party, and seeing the unisex line of mostly women, waiting to relieve their bladders. Profusely sweating, Craig started shaking, as his white tuxedo bottoms turned yellow and began soaking with pee. The guys laughed and the girls gasped in shock as he desperately tried to pinch his cock and stem the flow of urine, dancing around and begging people to stop looking, as a puddle of urine formed at his feet. Little did he know, Amanda was in the crowd, laughing and recording a video on her phone, without his knowledge.

Back in the present, Craigs desperation continued to grow, as Amanda continued to take her time getting ready. “Are you almost done?” Craig asked, squeezing his cock as another spurt escaped. He gasped in shock and squeezed his legs even closer together. Through the door Amanda could hear a small gasp, and grinned in mischief. She knew from prior experience, how close her little cousin was to having an accident. “Yes doofus hold your bladder I’m almost done.”

Craig sighed to himself, before kneeling over in pain as his bladder further spazzed. Without warning a powerful jet of pee soaked into the crotch of his shorts, enough that a few drops of pee made its way to the floor. Craig looked down in horror at the baseball sized wet spot on his crotch. He pulled his shirt down, hoping to hide it from his cousin. Tears were at his eyes, from the pain of holding his bladder. Suddenly, his heart sank at the sound of a hair dryer going off.

*KNOCK KNOCK KNOCK*

“AMANDA PLEEEEEEEAAAASE!” Craig begged, whimpering as another small spurt escaped his penis. Amanda pretended not to hear him, smiling at the idea of him having a full blown accident while waiting for the toilet right outside. “Oooooooohhhhhh!!!” Craig moaned out, gritting his teeth and jumping in place. Tears continued to well up in Craig eyes, at the pain, and from the humiliation of being so desperate right out side his cousins bathroom.

Then, a huge jet of pee spurted from his penis, leaving a noticeable wet spot on his crotch. Craig danced from foot to foot, and grabbed his cock, as a spurt escaped. Pee started leaking from Craig, leaving a small puddle at his feet, as It trickled down his legs. Craig desperately tried to hold it, and almost had it, until the sound of the unlocking door unleashed the waterworks.

Almost as if she timed it perfectly, Amandas view to the opening door was craigs hands desperately holding his crotch, as his bladder finally reached its limit. Pee soaked his shorts. Despite the open door to the bathroom, Craig stood in the hallway, desperately trying to control his bladder, but it was too late. Amanda stared on, amused as Craig moaned in agony and shame. The pee soaked through his shorts, down his smooth legs, leaving a puddle at his bare feet. Amanda stared. Fascinated, and slightly turned on. For the next minute crags bladder slowly emptied, as he stood defeated and humiliated in front of his holder cousin.

Part 2 to come

*004*2020-08-12 21:32

{{On 8/11/2020 at 4:29 AM, Guyandee said:

I want to know what happened to Amanda’s video recording of the queue for the toilet!!

}}

Ha ha ha....it might just make a cameo appearance

*005*2020-08-14 04:47

{{On 8/11/2020 at 8:33 PM, Kimmy said:

This is so amazing I can't wait for the next installment I'm ALWAYS looking for male humiliation but it's so hard to find in a genuine, non femdom way

}}

Thank you . I am really into genuine male accidents, that a female is party to

Thank you everyone! Looks like I am writing a part 2! Gimme a day or so to work my creative side out

*007*2020-08-16 01:05

Hi everyone,

Unfortunately today, one of my pet bunnies, Hopsin, crossed the rainbow bridge unexpectedly. I am not in the right state of mind, am highly intoxicated on several substances, and neither have the ability, libido , nor the functionality to write a story about pissing myself. assuming i don't either : make a stupid decision and go for a drive, discharge my SIG Sauer while cleaning it, or I fall down the stairs in my stupor, I will be back for the next part. I know I promised you all a new chapter, and if I don't die tonight, I promise it is still coming. Please allow me to mourn in peace, the death of my beloved fury companion. I will return, maybe.

