[WIP] Evelyn's forest challenge

Author: Catherine

*000*2019-07-14 20:43

Hi! It's actually my first time posting story here, so sorry if I did something wrong or picked the wrong category. (Also English is not my native language, so sorry for any mistakes)

###

A bit of character information: Evelyn is 18yo girl, who dyes her hair. Evelyn height is about 163cm. She likes watching anime series (mostly the ones, that have interesting, complicated plot with romantic line). She rarely goes out of her house, because her friends are always away on holidays.

###

Evelyn was at home. She was lying on the bed and looking up at the ceiling. She was very bored at that moment. She rarely goes out of her house, because Evelyn finds walks boring, but this day was an exception. She decided to take a walk around her house to shorten the time until the premiere of the new episode of her favourite anime will be aired on TV.

Evelyn accurately combed her dyed blue hair, wore white t-shirt and tightened belt on her short skirt and went out of her house. She went then to the store to get herself an energetic drink. It was friday evening, so there were lots of people and lines were long. While waiting, Evelyn realised that she needs to pee a little. Evelyn didn't like the idea of going back to home and even after a long line stayed at the street.

As she finished her drink, her urge got worse. But it couldn't make her uncomfortable, Evelyn instead got turned on and she decided to do a hold at the beach.

The urge was getting worse and Evelyn was very excited about it. But suddenly, after arriving at the beach, Evelyn's need to pee stopped to get bigger and that make Evelyn very upset. Brave girl didn't give up and bought herself large cola bottle. She tightened her belt even more and continued walking to the forest.

[20 minutes and 1L bottle later…]

Unlike beach, forest wasn't very crowded place, but it was a lot colder there. Cold wind made holding worse for Evelyn. At this moment, Evelyn really had to pee, her belt already was applying big pressure on her bladder. She was always moving, as she couldn't stay still. But later she was so tired she had to stop walking.

Staying under the tree, Evelyn was doing desperation dance. Her hands and legs were trembling and she was rubbing her thigh with either her other thigh or her free hand. She was bent slightly forward and her right hand was already on her crotch. Evelyn was biting her lip and moaning, she couldn't take it anymore, the pressure inside her was insane. But she didn't want to release herself now.

Evelyn put her other hand between legs and crossed them, holding back her full bladder.

[to be continued]

