Learned a New Skill: Relief (Fire Emblem Awakening)

Author: Captain L

*000*2017-07-18 17:15

"Nngh..." Nowi rubbed her eyes with her inner elbow, yawning and slowly opening her eyes to not overload her vision with the morning sun. "Why does the day have to start so early in the morning?" Finally, the manakete found the energy to sit up from under her blanket, sliding out from the cover into the open, all alone in this tent out in a forest of Ylisse.

Not too long ago, Nowi had escaped capture and, in her escape, came across Prince Chrom and his merry band of Shepherds. Willing to take her in, she had joined the crusade against the neighboring Plegia, and they were on a march to fight their king now. That's why they had camped out for the night in the woods instead of the more comfortable barracks, though the hard ground hadn't negatively impacted her slumber.

"Are you finally awake, Nowi," asked a voice from outside the fabric walls. She recognized it, Chrom's trusted tactician, Robin. Apparently he was found without any memories in a field, and Chrom still recruited him and kept him close, a testament to the prince's trusting nature that Nowi had also experienced. If anything, the fact that the mage had made such a name for himself in such a short time was an inspiration to a lot of the troops, and made him one to watch.

And, though she had yet to admit it to anyone, Nowi had been keeping an eye on him for other reasons. In the limited conversations she'd had with him, the training he'd given her on killing snakes, she'd developed quite the large crush on Robin. She'd even given him one of her special possessions, a shiny rock she'd yet to find a replacement for. She'd confess some day, she just wanted confirmation he was interested in her too. She saw the way he looked at Chrom.

Lost in fantasizing, Nowi only noticed something happening outside when the entrance flap to the tent slowly began being lifted open. "You there, Nowi," Robin called, at a normal volume to not startle her.

Only then, right before she would have been seen, did she realize she wasn't very presentable. "Don't come in!" She was in the habit of half-undressing to sleep, nothing more than her black panties and dragon scale bra. It wasn't a problem to her, this was strictly a girls' tent, but her underwear was not going to be seen by a boy, especially not Robin.

"Sorry!" The tactician dropped the flap, letting Nowi take her time putting all her clothes on. Her pink short shorts and stockings, tall purple boots, gloves, and that purple cape that provided the most striking part of her attire. Okay, maybe only being partially dressed wasn't that bad, her top was unchanged, but all this felt like it made a difference.

Finally, she packed up her stuff and exited to the open circle they had settled down in. And it really was empty, every other tent was missing, all the supplies were packed up, and every other Shepherd was prepared and waiting around. "Why didn't you wake me up before?"

"Well...we tried," Robin explained. "You slept through every one of our attempts. Then we made the decision not to force a dragon awake. It wasn't worth the risk."

This wasn't the first time her late sleeping had held the team up, but she still felt bad about it. Didn't help that, through no action of her own, she apparently scared them enough that even the warriors wouldn't mess with her. "Sorry about that..." With her head down, she knelt down to pull the anchor pins from the tent's corners and folded up the canvas.

"Don't worry about it," Robin comforted, reaching down to pat her head but stopping just short. Nowi was small, cute, and technically an animal with her dragon transformation, he wasn't the first to instinctively try to treat her like a pet. Normally she'd get a little pouty at being seen like that, but Robin cuddling her like that...she could learn to enjoy that attention. "We still have enough time in the day." Looking around warily, he leaned in close to her large, pointed ears and whispered. "Just get ready to leave quickly. It would seem Frederick's growing impatient."

Like most, Nowi had a morning routine. Not a long or complex one, she didn't have the luxury of prim and proper hygiene, but manaketes shared basically all a human's needs. As such, one of her first priorities in the morning was relieving her bladder of the contents it always gathered during the night. It would only take a minute, everyone would understand if she excused herself behind some plants, but she had kept them waiting for however long already. "I'm good," she decided, taking no time to put herself under consideration.

"Then we march towards Plegia," Chrom called from the head of the party, prompting the team to begin moving south, with those on horseback and pegasi taking the lead. Chrom and Robin stayed near the head, deep in discussing strategy, most everyone else was talking with each other about fairly trivial matters. Nowi, meanwhile, had no one to help pass the time. She had endeared herself to most of the Shepherds, but she hadn't made friends with any of them. Even if they had escaped captivity together, she wasn't very fond of Gregor, and the only other one she could relate to, that could transform into their own creature, was the cold and distant Panne.

That was a big problem, the little dragon could really use the distraction. True, she didn't quite feel like she was on the verge of peeing herself just yet, but that didn't mean she was too far behind. All this walking was exerting her lower half, constant motion and bouncing making the pain more and more evident and pressing. She had yet to show any outward signs of desperation, but she was secretly praying someone like Lissa or Donnel would ask to stop first.

"I'll ask if it gets too bad," that's what she kept telling herself, but even that seemed unlikely. In all the time she had been part of the team, she had never made this need known. She'd never denied it, it had just never come up. Most of her days were spent playing, alone a lot of the time, she just took care of herself when she was on her own and everyone was none the wiser. Having now be the first time she expressed this basic need was...embarrassing. That would make her look like a little kid that couldn't hold herself like the adults.

There was a difference, in her mind at least, between acting like a child and being treated like one. Being energetic, cheerful, and playing around a lot was a choice, it's just how she was. But, despite appearance and personality, she was actually over a millennium old. She was capable, she could fight, she understood the world, she was dependable and wanted to be recognized as such. Everyone else seeing her as a kid would mean they didn't trust her with responsibility, making her nothing more than a burden. Nowi couldn't stand being looked at with pity.

So, until desperation progressed to total emergency, she would keep quiet. Easier said than done. She was by far the oldest Shepherd, but one of the smallest as well, and that limited stature did have its drawbacks. A manakete's bladder was no bigger or stronger than a human's of the same size, putting her capacity at a very limited volume, one that was rapidly running low on wiggle room, making Nowi tremble and shiver under the stress.

Her motions may not have been entirely subtle, which would fit in with everything else about her, because someone noticed. "Something the matter, Nowi? You're shaking." It'd be bad no matter who, but the fact that it was Robin breaking away from his part of the formation to check on her was bittersweet.

Most importantly, he was to be kept far away from her needs. "I-I'm fine, Robin! It's just...a little cold, yeah! There's a breeze!"

Robin looked around, jolting his head in multiple directions. "Odd, I hadn't noticed a draft. Well, I suppose I'm dressed warmer than you." Nowi squeaked in surprise and covered as much bare skin as her arms could manage. Having a guy make a comment about how much she showed in her attire was awkward, even if it was her choice of outfit. The way one of her legs pressed up against the other in the jump may have also had an ulterior motive. Somewhat distracted by her own movements, Nowi didn't notice Robin taking off his black robe until it was draped over her shoulders. "That should help."

Nowi was in an awed silence at the act of kindness, all she could do was gently rub the coat. It was surprisingly soft for a warrior's jacket, and very long. It almost reached Robin's feet, it dragged a lot behind the much shorter girl. The bottom would probably get ruined if she kept it like this, and she'd feel guilty about wearing it under false pretenses. "It's okay, I don't need it. Thanks, though." It also didn't help that, without his robe, Robin just looked wrong.

Shrugging, the tactician took his clothing back, slipping his arms through the sleeves. "If you insist. It's a shame though, I think you look good in it. It matches your hair well." That was it, the kind of compliment that could make any girl's heart skip a beat. Nowi herself forgot to breathe, instead blushing pretty hard and pulling her long, green hair into view. Maybe he had a point, it could be something to think about another time. She continued looking all bashful until she ran out of air, at which point she doubled down on herself and gasped. That was pretty obvious, and Robin rushed to keep her steady and upright. "Are you sure you're alright?"

She was in real pain now. Bending over was pressing her bladder against her stomach, giving her a sense of just how so very full she was. It was awful, the idea of how much pee she was keeping a grip on, and she needed to empty it out so bad. It almost took matters upon itself as a tiny bit trickled into her underwear, just a little. But if she didn't admit her little shame, it would get a whole lot worse before long. "Um, actually...I gotta-"

"Hold up, men," Chrom called from ahead. Everyone stopped walking dead in their tracks, without even the slightest hint of noise. They scanned their surroundings for threats, difficult with all the trees blocking out sunlight, until the prince finally made out the identity of his suspicions. "Risen! Draw your weapons, everyone!"

"We can't efficiently fight here," Robin stated. "There's too many blind spots, and the Risen blend into the darkness too well. We should run ahead into that open field." Just within sight, there was a light at the end of the darkness, a more promising proposition if they could reach it.

"Then we hurry to the meadow," Chrom shouted, running as fast as he could ahead, everyone else dashing or galloping when they had the second to react. None of them dared look, but they all heard the groans of Risen closing in behind them, it felt like they were escaping death's icy grip as they leapt from the shadows to someplace a lot more safe. Except for Nowi, who was no less scared, not with the other threat looming over her.

Still, they couldn't ask for a better arena. Visibility was high, but there were still a lot of shrubbery circles to slow down the enemy, small rivers to keep distance, things that were evoking really bad feelings inside a certain little dragon. But to a tactician, the varied environment was as good as candy, Nowi could see Robin's brown eyes shining. Soon enough, he was delegating orders to each Shepherd, where to move to, how to engage the enemy, no one had any clue how he could process all that so quickly, they just listened when their name was called. Nowi was no different, her attention was only brought back to the moment at hand when she was addressed. "I want you to pair up with me, Nowi."

This would ordinarily be a dream come true, if only it wasn't now. She didn't want anyone to witness her about to have an accident, let alone her crush. She couldn't accept his offer, she needed privacy. "T-that's okay, I can handle myself..."

"It's no trouble." Robin smiled at the manakete, and the team went their separate ways in the directions they were instructed, leaving him and Nowi alone. Once they were out of earshot, the tactician's face dropped into a blank, somewhat disappointed stare. "Alright, we're alone. Will you tell me what's bothering you?"

"I-I can't...not with you here..." Even at her limit, Nowi tried to be proud, like she had a choice. She really made her best effort to not let her need show, standing as rigidly straight as a wooden board, fists balled at her sides, but her true state was given away by her trembling. Robin inquisitively raised an eyebrow, he wasn't falling for her lies, and like magic, Nowi gave in. The fact that a little more urine further dampened her panties may have also prompted the impatience. "Oh, I need to pee so bad!" That blunt statement did no favors in affirming her maturity, same for her starting to cry about it, but she just accepted it and pressed against the front of her shorts as she wiggled her hips and bounced.

Robin wasn't surprised or disappointed, he just nodded. "I figured as much."

"Then why didn't you just leave me alone?!"

"Distracted like that, I'm worried how you'll fare on your own in a battle. What if you get attacked while you're...preoccupied? This way, I can at least cover you. I figured, if you don't have a choice, you'd at least want a friend in this position."

He had a point, though honestly she'd rather have another girl if she didn't have to ask for the help, this was better than nothing, just the two of them. "Fine, then you just turn around, and I can..."

"Wait, right here?! Are you sure that's wise?"

"It's either here or my shorts! Is that okay?!" She was already undoing her long belt, regardless of whether she was still being watched or not.

"We just escaped a dark forest filled with Risen, and have yet to meaningfully move away from its perimeter. All that area for an ambush, I can't promise I'll be able to protect you, not against something that potentially dangerous." Nowi whined at the thought, still just about to pull her pants down, looking at Robin with the most pleading, upset eyes. It could just have been remnants from her earlier tears, but that small watering under her eyes could be new, and that tugged at any man's heart. "I'll do what I can if you can look me in the eye and tell me you're out of time. If you've got a little left in you, please use it, it's not that far to some bushes."

The manakete looked into the field and, as she had noted earlier, there was a little bundle of flora for modesty she'd be more than happy to use. If only it wasn't halfway across the valley, along another stream's edge, whose sight and sound would nearly kill her if she got close. She wanted nothing more than to pee, let out a violent torrent that'd leave a visible mark in the dirt below, and all she had to do was tell Robin she was at her limit. Just look him in the eye and say two simple words: "I can't."

She couldn't. Robin was willing to face unknown danger for her sake, against his better judgment, that probably physically hurt a tactician. He was being more helpful than she deserved, she couldn't betray his trust now, even if it would have barely been a lie. "I...I'll try." That was the most she could promise, her panties already felt like she'd lost it, it was probably already on her shorts if her hands would move off the crotch to tell.

"That's all I'll ask." In true support fashion, Robin put an arm around Nowi's shoulder and placed his other hand on her back, gently pushing and guiding her in the direction of the bathroom brush. That was imperative, it gave Nowi the freedom to close her eyes and focus on keeping her bladder steady. She needed the nudge, to force her to keep going even when she tried to stop. She'd dance, they'd move again. He'd also occasionally whisper encouragement, things like "you can make it" or "we're almost there".

Nowi was grateful for the assistance, but it was starting to look like it would be wasted effort. The pressure in her abdomen was mounting, growing ever more painful, waves crashing over the wall of her defenses. She was holding herself with all her power, clutching painfully hard and keeping her thighs as close together as she could while still being able to move. "Merciful Naga," she prayed, "please give me strength." Divine intervention may have already been spent keeping the Risen away from them, but no harm in asking for more.

"You did it, Nowi," Robin praised, "we're there!" The dragon opened her eyes, and sure enough, the small cluster of bushes was immediately before them. They were gathered together to hide her should she get in the open spot in the middle, it was perfect.

She wasted no time hobbling into the center, scratching the exposed skin on her thighs, and whipped her belt off. It didn't matter that she was being watched, she just needed to pee right now, there was no hesitation as she undid the clasp of her shorts. Still, she was happy that Robin had the respect to turn around of his own volition, just before she had to expose her damp underwear, which were also slid down to the top of her stockings and boots. With nothing covering her lower parts, she squatted down into hiding, and used one hand to keep her cape behind her.

It took a second for her bladder to relax, be really convinced it didn't need to hold anymore, that denial of relief was the most painful part. But when it finally relented and emptied its contents, it was just as powerful as she had imagined. A pure golden color, crashing into the grass with a deafening roar fit for a dragon, spreading out in a bubbling puddle surrounding the soles of her boots. It was loud, with its own distinct odor, Robin was basically still privy to all the details without even looking.

Good thing Nowi had no shame right now, or this would be a mortifying situation. Instead, she was happy as could be with her nether regions becoming their own little waterfall. Yes, it was still somewhat uncomfortable, but completely drowned out by the pure bliss paired up with it. In her long lifespan, this was far from the first time she had found herself this ready to burst, but it always felt beautiful whenever she got to relieve herself of it. The whole time she was tinkling, she had a wide smile on her face.

But, as expected of her size, it didn't last very long, not even a minute despite being filled to the brim. Still, the volume was nothing to sneeze at, especially for her proportions, she was somewhat impressed with the damage she'd dealt to this poor patch of soil. "Ooh, that's amazing," she sighed, yanking a leaf off the bush in front of her to wipe. It didn't look poisonous.

That just left pulling her bottoms back up, her first chance to get a real look at the clothes. Just as she had felt, her panties were in bad shape. The dark color hadn't been stained in any sense, but any cursory glance could tell they were drenched. The idea occurred to her to leave them behind, but she decided against it. It'd be uncomfortable, but she didn't carry around much spare underwear, this pair was kind of important. In comparison, her shorts weren't too bad. The light pink color was a lot worse at hiding wetness, but the spot was comparatively small. Someone would have to be looking intently at her crotch to notice. She only winced a little feeling the damp fabric slip back to their proper spot.

To his credit, Robin didn't acknowledge Nowi's presence until she entered his sight again. "That was...something." He had a hard time looking right at her, his cheeks red as his gaze shifted rapidly.

Nowi had never seen him this unsure. She hadn't really stopped smiling since her restroom visit started, but it got even bigger at that thought, that she had flustered their tactician. It was adorable, and she'd be keen on replicating that reaction some time in the future. "It was close, no doubt."

"Can I ask something? Why didn't you use your Dragonstone at any point? Surely a bigger dragon would have an easier time."

Nowi pulled the dark green jewel out of her pocket, letting it shine in the sun. "This is my only means of defending myself, I can't waste its power on something this trivial. I know I was desperate, but I'm not stupid."

"That's...a very mature way of thinking." It wasn't total shock, but he did sound a little surprised.

"I am over a thousand years old, remember? I know the responsibilities of being a manakete. Can I ask you something, too? Why did you go so far out of your way to help me?"

"I said before, something bad could have happened to you going into a battle like that. As a tactician, it's my job to ensure everyone's safety."

It might have been a reasonable explanation, but Nowi wasn't convinced. "Would you have gone so far for someone like, say, Miriel?"

Robin had to think about that, which gave away the essence of his answer before he could say it. "Okay, maybe I was a little more inclined to help you in particular. I know you're an adult, but it's hard to watch someone that looks like a kid suffer like that."

"Aww...you'd make a good dad, Robin." Nowi didn't realize until after she said it that one could glean an alternate meaning, but she felt no need to retract it either. "Thanks so much, things would have gone a lot worse without-" She stopped talking in an instant as her ears twitched. "Something's coming, I hear it."

The two scanned the environment around them, looking for something that could have caused the noise, even as innocuous as an animal. Neither had any luck until a Risen began rising from the ground, only then did they see the moving puddle it spawned from. "Good ears, Nowi," Robin praised, unsheathing his bronze sword for their first battle in this skirmish. Likewise, Nowi gripped the Dragonstone she still had in her hand, activating its power and transforming into a radiant green dragon. The pair looked at each other, nodded, and charged together to confront the Risen.

*004*2017-07-31 00:56

Author's note: Continuing tradition, I've written about three separate dragon girls from a franchise while the fourth (the one with the largest breasts) gets nothing. Thanks to MasterXploder for editing, stupid things fall through the cracks when the story ends up this long.

###

Exploring the streets of Ylisstol in early September was a pleasant experience, it was cool enough that many of its citizens were out and about, giving the capital a sense of life. All these people reminded Robin why he was so adamant about fighting with the Shepherds, to protect this way of life. However, his duty as a tactician was not on his mind right now, this was leisure, even though he was on a mission of his own.

"So, Father, why did you insist we accompany you into town? I had training planned that you're interrupting me from." In this journey, Robin was accompanied by two younger girls, in a weird age gap where there wasn't a suitable explanation for their identity. They were too young to be his sisters or girlfriends, but too old to be his children. Except, they were his daughters, from the future. It was a lot less unusual among the ranks of the Shepherds than one might think. As soon as he married Nowi and guaranteed their eventual birth, the two appeared in his life and nestled their place in firmly.

In particular, the one complaining was Nah. Though it was difficult to tell, with manakete genes hiding age so well that the thousand-year old Nowi looked ten, Nah was the younger of the sisters. And she was a responsible little girl, dedicating her time to combat training and controlling her dragon transformation. She took her worth as a soldier very seriously, even going out with her family was unwelcome.

"Sorry, I couldn't tell you while we were still in the barracks," Robin explained. "I didn't want anyone to overhear and tell your mother. See, her birthday is on the 21st, and I figured you'd like to look for a present." He scratched the back of his neck nervously. "And, if I'm being honest, I'm not very good at picking out gifts. I was also hoping you might help me, and we can make it a gift from all three of us."

"Well...I don't think I'll be much help. I don't remember anything about Mother." The other girl was Morgan, and much like her father, she awoke in a field missing memories. She vaguely remembered Robin from her future, but Nowi was a total blank, and had in turn followed his tactician example.

"Don't worry about it." Robin reached down and rubbed Morgan's green hair. "You're a lot like your mother, Morgan. Think about the kinds of things you like that aren't studying battle strategies."

"Don't get me wrong, I'm not against getting her a birthday present," Nah interjected, "but I don't think it's smart to keep treating her like a kid. She can't just keep playing around forever."

Frustrated, Robin put his face in his hand. This was far from the first time he'd had to listen to this. "That's just the kind of girl she is, Nah. And that kind of thing is important to an army too."

"I disagree. What functional use does someone who goofs around all day serve?"

Robin sighed. "You'll understand when you're older. Listen, I'm still lacking in parenting skill, so can I ask you to go easy on me? Just behave for the day, and I'll do something with each of you when we return to the barracks."

"I doubt a good tactician needs to bargain with the enemy to attain victory," Morgan observed.

"True, but a great tactician knows how to control the field in their favor. The Shepherds have never been above bribery, Chrom recruited Gaius by giving him candy."

"I can believe it. Alright, does mother like jewelry? She likes that ring you gave her." It was enough of a treasured possession that she passed it on to Nah in the future, after all.

"Well, I know she's collected shiny rocks, but I don't think she cares much for jewelry. I think she only cares about that ring so much for the sentimental value."

"Hmm...perhaps a pouch to hold her items? As it stands now, she can only hold her Dragonstone in her pockets."

"Can we just figure something out quickly," Nah interrupted. She had just been listening to the two going back and forth, and she didn't want to wait any more.

Robin threw his arms up in defeat. "Alright, alright, we'll look around. You're being really impatient today, Nah, and I don't care for it." Nah pouted, but didn't respond to the reprimand. She just stayed quiet as the family started walking to look through the windows of some of the shops on the street. A little slower, she stayed a few paces behind, which allowed her the quick bit of needed privacy to press against the front of her white dress.

The braided manakete was having her share of trouble keeping her bladder in check. Likely to avoid any witnesses that would spread the word, Robin had insisted they leave for town quickly. So, needless to say, that left Nah in an uncomfortable position where she had to go and she wouldn't say anything, she couldn't say anything. A dragon couldn't show weakness of any kind. She just took a deep breath to brace herself for the impending sting, resigning herself to the fate of quietly holding it for a while longer.

###

"Mmpf!" Looking at various leather pouches from a street vendor, Morgan's distraction served to hide a small threat sneaking up on her, until it made itself known with a spike she couldn't ignore. The tactician in training could really use a bathroom right about now. It was tugging at her attention just enough to be annoying, it might be prudent to start looking for relief soon.

Problem was, her duty wasn't finished yet. Dad had made his need for help clear, and they still hadn't found a gift. They were close, this seemed like a good lead, but they still needed to pick an exact bag. And with all the various colors, patterns, decorations, this could take a while. Looking at her family, it looked like Robin was having no better luck making a decision. And Nah was barely looking, seemingly focusing on something else.

For a second, Morgan was going to scold Nah for not taking this seriously, but looking closer, discomfort was splayed across her face. Maybe it was just because Morgan was thinking of it, but she had an idea what may have been ailing her sister. "So, it's bothering both of us," she whispered, looking more intently at the wares. Now, the course of action was clear: pick something soon, finish the job, and they'd return to the barracks before things got bad.

Still, she wasn't going to make that an excuse. It was no reason to put no thought into a choice in purse, it was just on a timer now. Grateful that the robe she wore covered her lower half somewhat, she shuffled her feet on the cobblestone road, and began more seriously weighing the handful of options she had the best opinion of. "Father, does the jewel on this one look like a Dragonstone to you?"

Robin looked over the bag, or the gem more specifically. "Hm, a little bit. Maybe she could use it as a decoy Dragonstone?"

"I can't imagine any situation where she'd need that, but a tactician should plan for every possibility." Morgan smiled amidst her aching, picking this specific item up from the rest of the wares. "I think it looks nice."

Robin nodded. "I'm not the best with fashion, but it matches you. It'll look good on Nowi." He reached into his pocket and pulled out a few gold coins, handing them to the vendor.

"Well, I doubt you're any worse than Lucina. I think Mother will appreciate this." Morgan breathed a sigh of relief, she'd make it back to the barracks relatively comfortably, and Nah would probably be fine as well.

Robin looked up at the sky, covering his eyes with his hand to look towards the sun. "We've got plenty of time, we can do some extra shopping. Maybe a stop in the book store?"

That was tempting, they didn't get the chance to add new books to the personal library often. Yes, Morgan still needed to pee, but if she abandoned this chance, it could be a while before she'd get another. She could manage a little longer. "That sounds wonderful. We'll just need you to lead the way there."

"It's this way, we're not far." He took point, so the two sisters trailed behind. Morgan looked alright, but one look at Nah revealed she was much more concerned. Maybe not so much panicked, but she definitely didn't look happy. The elder sibling, honestly, didn't consider that in her planning. Maybe she had made a mistake going along so readily.

Or, she could make this work. Trying to look inconspicuous, she shuffled next to Nah, whose scowl only grew deeper. "Thanks for wasting more of my time, Morgan. I just wanted to go back to the barracks, but you're insistent on keeping me away."

"You really don't need to be so rude. I get that you need to use the bathroom, but I'm trying to help you. There's a chance that the bookstore will have our solution."

A bright blush illuminated Nah's cheeks upon hearing that. "You noticed? I'm that obvious?" Her spirits, what little there were, fell even further knowing her fragility was so plain to see.

"I know I don't remember you, but we are still sisters. Besides, I need to go too, so I've got it on the mind."

"Oh...I'm sorry for being mean, it's just-"

"You're frustrated and you need to pee, I get it, I get it. I'm not going to leave you to suffer with no way out." During their conversation, they reached the entrance to the shop her and Robin visited when they had the chance, and it appeared their dad had gone missing in the meantime in a lucky break for them. "I'll even ask the clerk for you."

"Th-thanks, Morgan." She attempted to stand straight with her hands at her side and look nonchalant, she succeeded at that part, but she still looked upset. Morgan couldn't blame her, it was probably feeling a lot worse than her own soreness, and she was already a little on the uncomfortable side. It would definitely be smart to relieve herself right after Nah finished off.

At least it didn't take much effort to find someone who worked there, not with them planted right behind a sales counter. "Excuse me, do you have a ladies' room we can use?"

The saleswoman, who looked scarily the same as Anna, shook her head. "Sorry, miss, we don't have anything like that. You may need to look somewhere else."

"Oh..." Morgan had put her chips on there being a bathroom here, she was expecting it and planning for it without considering the possibility it might not be the case. That was a huge failure for an aspiring tactician. "Thank you anyway." And how would she break the news to Nah? She had gotten her sister's hopes up, assured her she wouldn't need to wait much longer.

She had already made a promise without being able to back it up, she couldn't lie this time. Bracing herself for the worst, Morgan found Nah lazily looking over some history books. Her ears perked up as she heard the approach, and she faced her sister, smiling. "Did you find out where the bathroom is?"

Just looking at that, Morgan suddenly felt awful. It was so hard, it took a few failed attempts, but she managed to choke it out. "They...they don't have one." She closed her eyes, waiting for the punishment she deserved. Nah groaned, looking around at the mostly empty store to check if any of its few patrons were close. When she saw they weren't, she once again put her hands on the front of her dress, that became the image Morgan was met with when she opened her eyes. And just seeing it was prompting her to mimic, now that she needed to go bad enough to justify it.

Nah took a few deep breaths for stability. "It's fine, it's fine, I'm used to disappointment. Guess it was stupid of me to get my hopes up."

"Listen, I feel bad enough about it as is. You don't need to guilt me."

"So, do you have another idea now?"

"Well..." She hadn't planned any contingencies, yet another tactician's sin. The only good thing was that she was now thinking on her feet, improvising a new plot very quickly. "Alright, I've got one. You tell Father that I'm not feeling well and you're escorting me back to the barracks. Either we make it back or we find something on the way."

"Why do I have to ask?"

"Because the person who's sick can't be the one to ask, it needs to be a cover. And if Father sees you training later, he'd know we were lying. Meanwhile, I can lay in bed and read, and no one will suspect. Or you can tell him the truth-"

"No," Nah nearly shouted before Morgan could fully finish. "I'm not a little kid anymore, I don't need to ask my dad for help to make it to the bathroom! Alright, fine, I'll find him!" She stomped off in some direction to look for their father, wherever he was.

With no one to talk to, Morgan was starting to feel even more uncomfortable. She was already able to feel the mass of her bladder, and keeping her mind solely on it was doing her no favors. "Maybe I underestimated," she whined, especially bad to make that mistake two times today. She hurriedly picked up the book Nah had been glancing at, just to do something while she waited.

Perhaps a touch too long after she had left, the young manakete returned. "Okay, I told him. Let's leave now." Her teeth were clenched, the message was clear; she didn't want a second wasted. And her green-haired older sibling completely agreed, as she put the tome back on the shelf and hurried out the store.

Back in the public view, Morgan and Nah once again stood up straight to not appear distressed. However, they had tried this tactic too many times, and it was starting to fail. Not only for the first time in this bout of desperation, but for the first time in years, both girls had a simultaneous little accident. Nothing major, but both now had to deal with drops of urine in their panties, acting as a harbinger of doom soon to arrive. Both jolted in shock at the sudden dampness, moved their legs a little closer together, and whined. Neither would admit that they had just lost something, but they were both a little worried for themselves.

The real problem was how long it was going to take to get back. The town was built around the Ylisstol castle, so it wasn't really far, but it still might have been asking too much. With each step closer, their strength drained even further, every once in a while marking its countdown with another leak. Not that they had been comfortable in quite some time, but that wetness in their most private areas was only making it more distressing.

Nah tugged on her sister's coat sleeve when they were about halfway to their destination. "Morgan...I can't hold it anymore. We need to stop." She sounded blank, like she was still in control despite the situation claiming otherwise, but there was an unshakable feeling that she was about to cry.

Problem was, Morgan didn't have a solution. It would take too long to go into every building and ask if they had a bathroom, unless they got lucky with the first pick. Even untrained, she could tell, that was not a high possibility, and it'd be much more embarrassing for Nah if she had an accident in a store with focus on her. Basically, there were no good options if time was up, that initial choice of building would be imperative. "So, which store are you banking on?"

That wasn't the reply Nah was expecting to hear. "I...I was just going to ask for cover in an alley. I don't want to ask a million strangers."

Admittedly, that same idea had occurred to Morgan as a total possibility, but she had shot it down due to the population density right now. "Have you noticed how many people are walking around? It's literally impossible that you won't be seen."

"You're giving up before we even try? Just act as a good distraction until I can finish, that's all I'm asking! Come on, I promise I'll do the same for you!" She could no longer keep appearances, she was bouncing in place and her hands were shaking, pleading to be allowed to grab her crotch with all her strength.

"Okay, get in the alley! I'll let you know when it's safe." The promise of getting to relieve herself soon was enough to convince her, and Morgan shuffled her sister into one of the dark passages, turned away and covering the entrance with her body. She just needed to find a break to alert Nah things were clear, but her own annoyance was keeping her from working at peak efficiency. It was all too obvious with the way her heel was twisting into the pavement.

The younger dragon couldn't even be that patient. She had yet to receive a signal that it was safe, but she was already lifting up her dress and uncharacteristically exposing her white panties. Even if had been perfectly dry, she would never even think of putting them out in the open if her bladder wasn't trying to kill her. She got her thumbs hooked over the waistband of the underwear, a finicky process with her stiff gloves, but had just enough shame to not yank them down quite yet. "How are things looking, Morgan?!"

Morgan wished she could say it was all good, but the penalty for lying would be the end of the world for Nah. There were still so many people, and some of them were already suspicious about the way she was standing around, blocking the view of the alley. Her body wasn't big enough to fully cover what was happening behind her, Nah would still be seen if she were to act hastily. She could spread out her coat, like prey attempting to look larger to scare off predators, but that'd only draw more attention. With her clothing beneath the robe matching her mother's, in that it was equally revealing, it'd probably look like she was performing a street-side strip show.

Receiving no response, Nah groaned and removed her hands, letting her dress fall back into place. Having been denied relief that close, she was too far gone to look anywhere close to normal any longer, she needed to lean against the wall behind her and stamp her feet to stand a chance at not soaking herself. Why should she have to suffer like this? It couldn't be possible that she needed to wait this far. "You're telling me there's really no opening?!"

"Yes, that's what I'm saying. And drawing attention by yelling isn't doing you any favors. I promise, I'll tell you when it's good."

"I don't need you being a lookout, you're supposed to be a distraction! Get them not looking over here!"

"And what do you suggest I do to draw their attention? Waste some Dragonstone energy and turn into a dragon in the middle of town? Or maybe take my top off?" The expectations being thrown upon Morgan were starting to make her a little testy, a state of mind her desperation was doing no favors. "How about I go first and you show me how distractions are supposed to be done?!"

"Yeah, I've got just the thing! A young girl wetting herself right out in the open! Everyone will stare at that!" Nah was grinding her teeth in pure anger, she'd be getting right up in her sister's face about this argument...if she could move. "Why is it so hard to pull your weight or help your sisAGH!" She may have put too much energy into the argument instead of her tired bladder, now she realized that mistake as her muscles could no longer hold back the flood.

Once the hissing sound of a flowing river took hold, it only took a scant few seconds for it to be visible. Yes, there was the stream pouring out from beneath the short skirt to the ground below, there was also however much was running down her legs into her stockings. But the most damning of all was the mark it was leaving on her white dress, it was no stretch to say everything below the front's waist was slowly becoming ruined.

Realizing what she had done, and would be doing for the next minute, Nah's fighting spirit left her. All that remained in its place was a chilling hollowness, a sensation as empty as her bladder would soon be. There was no longer any fire in this dragon as her face turned pale, the only color on her besides her red cape was the growing splotch of yellow on her clothes.

Despite all her earlier concerns, nothing beyond herself mattered once she started peeing. This couldn't be happening. Nah wasn't helpless, something she had been affirming for years, she was a half-breed manakete that had been through hardship, and come out of it one of the strongest fighters in the Shepherds. Even ignoring her personal circumstances, she wasn't a baby, an accident like this was inexcusable. She hated holding all this in, but this was an even worse fate.

It didn't take long for her small frame to run out of urine to give, but that was even more embarrassing. There wasn't much of a puddle, and she couldn't hold even that. The thought made her feel almost sick, like some kind of cruel karma. She felt awful, even keeping this to herself would haunt her. At least she could keep it secret and not have to deal with teasing...unless someone saw her.

That was the first time the thought occurred to her, that she couldn't wait until no one was watching. Scared, she jolted to look at the entrance back to the street, expecting a crowd to witness her shame. She couldn't see very well past Morgan, but suddenly that didn't matter either. Not when she saw her own sister watching and snickering. Now her emotions came running back, and she shouted, "what are you laughing at?!"

"S-sorry," Morgan apologized between giggles, "it's just funny to see you getting humbled. You were acting so rude, it's hard not to think you deserved this."

Nah blushed, but not in the bashful way. She bared her fangs and marched right up in Morgan's face, propping herself up on her toes to match height. "You get a kick out of this, you sadist?! Then how hilarious would it be if I tell everyone about how you had a nightmare last week and needed to sleep with Father?!"

Morgan backed up with her personal space being invaded by a pee-soaked girl, her cheeks turning pink. "Y-you were awake to see that?!" She gulped, a nervous bead of sweat falling off her forehead, unable to make eye contact until she came up with a retort. "You say anything about that, I'll tell everyone about the time Mother left you for a few minutes during training, and I found you crying about being lonely!"

"You wouldn't..." Nah clenched her fist, prompting Morgan to take a step back and ready her own hands. Neither were reaching for their Dragonstones, but it was still looking like a familial fight was about to break loose.

"There you two are!" Whatever the two were planning, it stopped in a heartbeat as they heard that voice. That was definitely Robin, so now their highest priority was finding him. Only then did the realize the magnitude of the crowd they had been working to avoid gathering, a whole slew of people were watching the dispute. Still, it took no time to find the tactician, and as they guessed from his voice, he was angry. "What were you thinking, going off on your own without telling me?!"

The sisters stood side-by-side and faced their father, standing at attention. Morgan didn't even look at Nah to confront her. "You said you told him we were leaving."

"I...I lied, I couldn't do it. It was too embarrassing."

Robin marched over to the two, not even giving Nah's clothing a glance. "Do you have any idea how scared I was when I couldn't find you? I thought you got kidnapped or something!"

"We're not little kids," Nah argued through a mumble, "we could fight off any attackers."

"I should think you know better than I what kinds of evils lurk in this world. Can you honestly tell me you'd be fine if any of them came for you?" Neither of the girls could offer a rebuttal, just a cough and foot shuffling. Robin sighed, and his face finally dropped the fury it had been carrying. "You're alright, I'm thankful for that, just...don't run off again. Don't you think you've been through enough without your parents to protect you?"

"Well, we're not completely alright." Morgan nodded her head towards Nah.

"That's another thing," Robin reverted back to his parental ranting without any warning. "That's what you were so ashamed to tell me? You thought I wouldn't be able to help you if you said you needed to use the bathroom?"

"That's not it," Nah shouted, like she was comforting her dad. "It was just...we're manaketes. Don't you think it's just a little bit demeaning to need help on something that stupid?"

"Being a manakete doesn't put you on any higher level than a human. Even when your mother was embarrassed in this same situation, that was never the reason she had a hard time saying it."

"Mother's been through this with you? What happened there?" Nah had a curious streak about her parents' romantic life, and was eager to learn all the details to anything of their time dating. Though her wavering voice seemed to indicate she wasn't quite up to absorbing a story at the moment.

"I'll tell you later." Robin knelt down to better match his children's heights. "Point is, there's nothing wrong with wanting to be stronger women, but you're my daughters first and foremost. You can ask me for help on anything, and I won't think any less of you no matter the question." He wrapped his arms around both of their bodies, holding them tightly in a warm embrace.

This display of affection, coupled with his explicit permission to not act so tough, sent Nah over the edge for the second time. It was too much to handle now, she buried her face in her dad's shoulder and cried loudly. Tears flowed as freely as a different bodily fluid she had experience with today, and she kept choking out wails. It wasn't entirely rare to see the young dragon's sobs, but when she always tried to deny that part of her emotions, this display felt like an important moment. She was at the mercy of Robin petting her head, gently stroking her hair.

Morgan was feeling emotional too, getting a little misty-eyed, but a sudden pain pulled her back into the moment of reality. "Not that I don't appreciate this, but Nah wasn't the only one that needed to go. I'm about out of time here."

He didn't mind hugging one wet girl, but the potential of a second was not welcomed, as he reeled back and kept some distance. "Any chance you could make it back to the castle?" Morgan shook her head, and Robin looked at the nearby buildings as his children had done not long before. "If you resorted to what you did, I'll assume none of the buildings had anything you could use. I really don't want to walk back with two wet daughters, so...do what you will."

Checking the surroundings outside the immediate family, Morgan did notice the crowd had dispersed. Apparently a touching personal moment wasn't very interesting, and for the current objective, that was a very good development. The green-haired girl, realizing what needed to be done, ran back into the alley she had previously guarded, throwing her coat onto the ground somewhere, hopefully not into Nah's puddle. She trusted her father to protect her privacy, she didn't even need to check before pulling down her shorts and squatting close to the ground.

Considering how she was already in a near-emergency state much earlier, it was almost miraculous how she had lasted up to this moment. Granted, it had come with so many leaks in her white panties that she had stopped noticing long ago, but it wasn't noticeable from the outside and that's all she could ask for. She relaxed and let the flow of urine rush out.

If Morgan had been focusing on her bladder's pain all this time, she probably would have realized she was about to burst, so the volume shooting out wasn't surprising. It was a pure golden color, spreading quickly, with the force of more splashing down causing ripples to glide outwards and the point of impact producing numerous tiny bubbles on the liquid's surface. And of course, it was loud, enough that the worry occurred to her about someone outside noticing. Good thing she had someone dependable covering her.

It was safe, she could relax, she sighed heartily in total relief as she had the chance to empty out. Admittedly, she felt a little bad about the way Nah had to wet herself, but it wasn't her fault, just the way things unfolded. Despite their argument before, Morgan had no intention of telling any of the other Shepherds what her sister had done, at least not anymore.

Eventually, her own pulsing flood had no more reserves left, and the pee stopped gushing. It trickled for a short time afterwards, but it wasn't long before it was nothing more than stray drops. "Wow, that's a lot," she gasped out as she pulled her shorts back up. It wasn't an impossible amount, but it was a lot more than she usually managed before finding a bush out on the field. But at least plants had leaves she could use to wipe, not that it would matter right now, with her underwear drenched enough to ensure she'd stay wet.

Either way, it didn't bother her, she'd survive long enough to change out of the wet clothes. Given everything that could have gone horribly wrong, she could live with the mild discomfort if it meant she hadn't humiliated herself in front of a swarm of people she didn't know, or worse yet, people she did. Family could pull her through what would otherwise be a mortifying situation, and probably was for her sister. Once she ran out and the three began walking back, she made that sympathy known. "I'm sorry for the way I acted. I was angry, but that's no excuse. I promise, I'll make sure to help you better next time this happens."

Nah sighed in her own frustration, but it didn't sound angry. "Don't phrase it like that, like you know it's going to happen again. It won't if I have any say in it. Listen, I'm not lastingly mad at you, I don't think I could be. Too many memories of what we've been through, what you've done for me."

That one statement, nice as it may have been, made Morgan feel worse than anything earlier. "All the things I can't remember..."

And touching that sore spot made Nah feel awful too. "Well, that's why this moment is important. I'm more than happy to make new memories with you." It was something she'd said before, and she truly believed it, but this was the first time she realized everything that came with that declaration, and her smile fell into fear. "You're going to remember this forever, aren't you?"

"Yes! I don't remember a lot of things you've done, I need something to tease you with!" Morgan laughed, Nah whined, Robin didn't hear the whole conversation but something about the tone made him sigh, that was the essence of the family dynamic. It may have been a horrible experience, but someday, it'd be a funny memory. It just might be a very long time from now. Two manakete sisters could outlive that.

*006*2017-08-29 19:42

Author's note: Just like that other dragon story, I follow three dragons up with a human girl. Also, a bonus scene included in case any of you are fans of...well, I won't spoil it. Thanks to MasterXploder for editing.

###

The land of Valm was weird to Lucina. Not because of the terrain, it was just a sparse forest, the trees were the same you'd find anywhere else, even the temperature was comparable to Ylisse. It was just inexplicably...off. Perhaps she wasn't the best to judge, considering she felt the same way about Ylisse when she arrived, the country she had spent her entire life in. Her Ylisse was destroyed, dragon-torn, dark and terrifying, that was just the world she knew, and the less devastated world of the past was alien.

It didn't matter, this was the world she wanted to preserve, one without the fell dragon Grima's terror. Both her and her father's Falchions were there to ensure it. Chrom also placed his tactician, Robin, in the same heroic role, but Lucina wasn't so sure of him. She hadn't seen him do anything wrong, so no point in acting, but she was wary, watching the two talk at the head of a march. It was kind of impressive how they could talk so nonchalantly, considering they had been advancing north for hours now, and everyone else was tired.

Like daughter, like father, because Chrom seemed to be thinking the same thing and stopped suddenly to face his platoon. "Let's break, troops!" That could have a number of interpretations, but spend enough time in the army, everyone's priorities of how to use resting periods were all in the same place, it didn't need to be said. That's why the prince was able to just continue, holding his right arm out to his side. "Men to my right, women to my left." Riders dismounted their steeds, the genders split, dispersed into the trees and wandered far away until the other was lost behind all the natural barriers.

The limited number of obstacles meant they had to wander quite a while to reach that point, though some of the girls were starting to get impatient the farther they needed to hike. "Phew, I was starting to think we'd never stop," Nowi happily exclaimed, unhooking the clasp of her belt. "I was starting to get worried I wouldn't make it!"

"I know," Lissa concurred, slipping out of her dress to get the cage crinoline off and out of the way. "I was minutes away from asking my brother if we could rest." A few more observations of desperation were thrown around as the girls gradually came to their stops. Some of them had a lot more things to remove, especially the unfortunate souls in full armor that needed a partner to remove, but soon enough, everyone was squatting and doing their business.

That was simply the reality of being in an army, there was rarely the time, space, or cover for everyone to have privacy when they answered nature's call in the wild. It was necessary to accept that the only consideration you'd get was gender division, so leave all other modesty or shame behind. Surprisingly, most had very little problem adjusting to this indecency, even someone as proper as Maribelle was going like it was the most ordinary thing to do.

There was a lot of variance in this scattered bathroom circle. Some girls kept their legs close together to avoid showing too much, like Sumia, while someone like Anna spread them for the world to see. Most peed at a reasonable pace, not urgently but worth stopping for, while others were clearly seconds away from an accident with their powerful streams, the manaketes in particular. And finally, while everyone else was watering the grass, Lucina was simply standing around, averting her eyes from the majority of the nudity, trying not to think about what was happening around her.

The time-travelling lord had a bit of an embarrassing problem, one totally unexpected for someone in her position: Lucina had a shy bladder. It had never caused issue in the past, or the future technically, where she had a party small enough to allow the team to spread out to a distance she could relax at without having to admit anything. Now, something that simple seemed like such a luxury, and her usual solution was just wandering further away until she was out of sight.

Problem was, that wasn't much of an option this time, and she knew that as soon as the time-out was called. The trees were too sparse, she'd need to go a lot farther away to get the required isolation, far enough that someone would call her out or at least be curious, or she could get separated in a worst-case scenario. Even if she could slink away unseen, if she lost sight of the Shepherds and got turned around somewhere along the way, she'd have to call out to be found, explain what she was thinking, and look all-around incompetent. Her reputation would be ruined in an instant, and for the sake of something bigger than herself, she couldn't let that happen.

"You're not going to pee, Lucina?" Busy continuously turning down her own ideas, the blue-haired swordswoman didn't realize someone had approached her. Most of the team was still relieving themselves, some had managed to finish already and were scrambling for the few dry leaves on the ground to wipe, and then there was her poor sister Kjelle, still fully suited in her bulky armor, who had only just maneuvered the terrain and arrived.

"O-oh, no, I'm fine. I really don't need to go." It was only a half-lie, in that she was only half-full, in that state where she'd certainly like to relieve herself but it wasn't imperative she did so.

"Really? After all this time? Agh, you're so lucky! I wish my bladder was as good as yours, it's such a pain to take this off every time I need to whiz. Speaking of, you mind helping me?" Kjelle turned her back to Lucina and pointed behind herself with her thumb.

"Of course." She began unbuckling the clamps keeping the plates on her sister, laying each piece gently on the ground behind them as they fell off. The problem became, the more Kjelle was undressed, the less she was able to stand still. Her legs were shaking and stomping, making it incredibly difficult for Lucina to continue. "You need to stand still, Kjelle," she informed, with a hint of frustration.

"Sorry, I just need to leak really bad." She tried to not move, soon resorting to shivering, and snapped once her crotch plate had been removed. "Okay, that's enough! Step back a little!" Lucina, not wanting to be caught up in this, obeyed and gained respectable distance while Kjelle hurriedly pulled her pants down and squatted down the best she could in armor, into a sitting position. She leaned her upper body forward to point her butt away from her boots, and let loose.

Lucina couldn't even bear to look at this one. The knight's pee was ridiculous in its power, she really wasn't kidding about how little time she had left, even the second of flow her sister saw before looking away was more than she could match in five. However, a lack of direct sight did nothing to help the lord ignore this turning her bladder discomfort into something much more painful, because she couldn't do anything to stop hearing it. Nothing could drown out the sound of a serious waterfall, crashing into cascading, raging rapids. Even without hyperbole, that was the most apt description Lucina could come up with.

She wasn't the only one with attention on the female river, but she may have been the only one with a negative reaction to it. "By the gods, Kjelle! How much can one girl hold?!"

"I don't know, you tell me," Kjelle laughed. "I get it from you!" The woman making the initial remark was Sully, her and Lucina's mother, the Shepherds' resident tough girl, and just finishing off no slouch of a pee of her own. It was no secret that Kjelle took more after mom, and it just seemed natural they'd both take this kind of pride in bodily functions, a literal pissing contest with the two as the clear winners. Lucina rolled her eyes, she wasn't disgusted at her family, she just saw no reason to humor this crude form of bonding. Though, if the subject was how much she could pee, she was worried she could measure up if she went now.

Eventually, by the point most of the girls were beginning to suspect it would indeed be infinite, Kjelle's water spout sputtered and slowed, dripping a healthy amount before nothing remained. "Wow," she gasped, panting heavily from the relief, until she caught her breath and promptly laughed at the situation again. "Well, when you gotta go, right?" Lucina knew that feeling all too well, and everyone else's attention and awed silence at her sister was not helping the anxiety.

"Come on, it's no surprise a daughter of mine is that hearty!" Sully slapped Kjelle on the back and began reassembling the armor, with Lucina joining in to get it done faster. And with that tedious work completed, all of the girls were clothed and presentable once more, or at least would be once they stepped away from the watery mess they all left in the dirt. They'd go back to their supplies and animals, probably eat and rehydrate for the next stop's release, and move on.

Lucina, however, wasn't moving on quite yet. She couldn't get away while everyone else was going, but hanging behind while absolutely facing the correct direction, the branded warrior could pee in peace. She'd wait until the women reached a minimum distance, yank her clothes off, and take care of matters here. She was already reaching up under her blue leather gown and gripping the waist of her dark leggings, confident that relief was no more than a minute away.

That is, until Sully realized the head count was short one child. "Lucina! Hurry up, we're leaving!"

That was it, the worst development that could have unfolded, Lucina just wanted to be alone and she couldn't have even that. She would have cried out in anguish at how much destiny was conspiring against her, but this didn't spell doom quite yet. "I'll be there in a minute!" Either Sully would listen and she'd be alone, or she'd stay. One girl, her mother no less, the young swordswoman could still drop trou under those circumstances, maybe.

Unfortunately, Sully was not one to follow the most obvious paths. Instead, she marched over to her daughter and firmly grabbed her upper arm. "Alright, we need to talk. Come on." The red-haired rider dragged Lucina away, who was trying to protest, just very weakly. She wasn't the type of girl that would talk back to her parents, not when having them at all was a blessing.

Not trying to fight back, she recognized how simple this was, just tell her mom she needed to pee, Sully had just proven to be open on that subject. She'd need to explain herself afterwards, why she waited, but telling one person about her "deficiency" couldn't be that unbearable. Lucina would make her need known, would be allowed to answer it, and this whole worry is left behind her.

###

The Shepherds gathered around their makeshift camp, eating a quick meal and enjoying each other's company. And Lucina still had to pee, even worse now that she had drank more water. She couldn't bring herself to admit her shameful handicap, both for fear of making herself seem unsuited for her future-changing position, and her natural stubbornness. A characteristic she knew came from one specific side of the family, with her mother eating close to her, and the two sitting a small distance from the pack.

Despite being told there was a conversation inbound, Sully hadn't said anything since they rejoined the team. That kind of quiet was ominous, and Lucina felt her chest filling with a heavy dread, eating away at her appetite. She wasn't finishing her portion, so she asked first to get it over with. "What did you want to talk about, Mother?"

Slowly, Sully put down the food in her hand and sighed. "I won't beat around the bush, Lucina. I've noticed you sneaking off whenever we stop to leak to be alone. And I get it, you're at a difficult time in your life, sometimes you need that privacy."

Lucina had no idea what her mother was talking about, all she knew was that this wasn't the subject she was expecting. "What?"

"But as difficult as it may be, you need to control those urges. It's not always possible to answer that call in such a short time frame, and there's nothing worse than getting interrupted when you're that turned on, right at the edge of-"

"Ew!" Lucina had since caught on to the matter being breached, which gave her the confidence to say, without a doubt, she didn't want to hear another word of it. "You don't need to tell me, I'm..." She started that sentence without really thinking, and now had to see it through, regardless of the way she was blushing and couldn't look at her mom anymore. "...already well familiar with that topic."

"Oh, thank the gods!" Sully wiped her brow with the back of her hand, chuckling at the awkward silence. "I wanted to have that conversation even less than you did!"

"Well, I thank you for worrying about me, but I know all about my...body." Especially that one particular part still causing her distress. She knew all about it, and it was her duty to herself to ensure no one else did. She had one mind to admit it to Sully at least, but it was pretty clear the two weren't the closest mother-daughter pair, and the lance-wielding rider had just proven herself not too sensitive. Lucina found herself more comfortable around Chrom, if only he was female, that'd make a confession a little easier to swallow.

Still, she had to concede, time was running short. Lucina needed to pee, and soon. Tortured by watching literally every other girl get the relief she was denying herself, and her own mother unknowingly taking away her chance, just psychologically increasing the pain she was already feeling. There wasn't any sharp pains, or at least none that a woman who'd dealt with weapon-based injuries couldn't cope with, but that constant, omnipresent, throbbing and wavering ache was starting to drive the lord insane.

With no one paying attention, she subtly touched her thighs together and slid them up and down each other for that fleeting comfort. But she wasn't ignoring the present reality, experience had taught her that when her desperation turned physical, she'd be embarrassing herself soon. Whether it be an accident or violent holding to prevent one, they were both places Lucina didn't want to go. It might be awkward, but she needed an excuse to run out of sight. A blunt statement of her need wouldn't work, if that's how she left everyone, she'd be anxious and unable to relax. Then she'd take longer, someone would come looking, and she'd still be on square one.

Try as she might, she was not very good at lying. Even in her head, every pretext she could come up with sounded stupid, no way any of them would work on the savvier Shepherds. The truth was, alone, Lucina stood no chance at a plausible escape. It was critical she have someone else cover for her, and the choices were slim. She wouldn't dare trust this sensitive information to anyone other than family, and telling the prince was out of the question. She couldn't see Kjelle judging her for it, but she was on the other side of the camp. She couldn't just sheepishly walk past everyone and whisper a request to her sister, that would put all eyes firmly on her.

Why was this suddenly bothering her so much? Lucina was not a timid girl, she was strong, iron-willed, capable and determined. Why did her personal matters have to break her down? She'd gotten too used to life in the future, where importance was placed in surviving rather than individuality. And if that couldn't cure her of a shy bladder, what good would this present do? At this present moment, the only one she could rely on was her mother, conveniently sitting right next to her. She swallowed her pride, and turned to ask for help.

That's when she noticed Sully was preoccupied, looking up at the sky. Before Lucina could question why, a huge gust of wind blew past them, sending her long hair flying wild and almost pushing her off the fallen log she was sitting on. And the jolt almost caused her first leak, but her bladder barely handled the stress. Angry that someone nearly caused her first slip towards an accident, she frantically searched for the dastard responsible, and now noticed Cherche flying upwards on her wyvern, Minerva. "What's Cherche doing?"

"We noticed something far off in the distance, so she's taking a quick look over the treetops," Chrom explained.

"I-I could have gone to check!" Damn, a perfect excuse to leave was practically gift-wrapped, and she was too zoned out to realize.

"No, we didn't need anyone going out that far, just a peek above the branches. It's not reconnaissance, just curious." And now her dad was looking at her funny for being so eager to get away, forcing Lucina to shrink back down and be quiet. Once again, her thinking needed to change gears, that constant shifting was not helping her focus when it was just as likely she'd need to throw a plan out rather than execute it. Depending on what Cherche found, the Shepherds could be leaving immediately, and she'd be ruined. Now was not the time to hesitate, she needed to act fast.

Unfortunately, even with that determination, she couldn't do anything to slow the wyvern rider down, and she was already descending. "We were seeing the top of a giant tree, not too far from here."

Admittedly, she was ashamed to admit, Lucina's first thought was how good a giant tree would be for cover. Her rational side, however, knew this meant basically the opposite. Say'ri still explained it. "It's the Mila Tree, no question. The Voice lives at the top."

"Then we're close," Chrom announced, leaping to his feet, unsheathing his Falchion and holding the sword skyward. "Shepherds, we've got an oracle to meet! We can't carry the supplies up the tree, so we'll come back for them later!"

That was it, Lucina's final chance, gone. Without taking the time to pack up supplies, a chaos she could take advantage of, they'd start marching immediately. The more serious Shepherds would not be pleased with her if she held them up once they started moving, or fell behind. And waiting until they reached the tree? With the gods as her witnesses, for as long as her strength won out, she would not desecrate the grounds of the Divine Dragon Naga.

Loathe as she was to admit it, Lucina's only recourse was to really buckle down and hold it. To be fair, maybe she wasn't as desperate as her frantic worrying would suggest, but it certainly didn't mean she was in a position she was comfortable with. Maybe it was unfounded, but she was afraid they'd getting into a battle in the very near future, and the battlefield was the worst place to need to pee. It was not possible to keep a hold on a full bladder while engaged in combat, this entire ordeal would be over in the worst way if she needed to draw her weapon.

The time traveler spent the march praying that her instinct was wrong, that the path up the tree wouldn't take long and be entirely uneventful, that Naga's oracle wasn't long-winded, and that she'd make it back to this forest. It was a lot to ask for, but there was still the chance it would all work out, and Lucina clung to that hope, as she always had.

As the troops cleared the treeline and entered the clearing populated by the Mila Tree's gigantic roots, it became perfectly clear that desire was nothing more than wishful thinking. The path up the trunk to the staircase was blocked by no simple number of Valmese soldiers, and their commander Cervantes at the back. Say'ri wasn't exaggerating in her explanations of his men. Or his facial hair. The impending conflict, and the lake the tree drew nutrients from, made Lucina whine in the back of her throat. No one else seemed concerned, though, and Robin turned to their swordmaster. "What do we need to know about him, Say'ri?"

"He's a blowhard and a fool, but no less competent in battle. I don't expect it to be a difficult encounter, but it'll be no simple stroll, either."

"I trust you, Shepherds, I don't think I'll need to formulate a complex plan for this. Just stay on your guard." Certainly unusual to see Robin leave it to the men, but it did have one advantage that Lucina picked up on immediately: no one needed to be near her for a grand strategy to work. She waited behind as every other troop charged forward towards opponents, and took the one elevated root path untraveled.

Now, the lord had privacy to do whatever she needed to do. Well, aside from not being behind anything, so anyone could see her if they turned to look. And the enemy soldiers warily approaching her, so she'd be forced into battle soon enough. Also, even this desperate, she wouldn't dare pee on these holy grounds, that wasn't even a remote option. Her bladder hurt like an arrow wound now, that meant time before the flood was short. But at least she could comfortably cross her legs with no allies to see, if just a touch.

"Oh no..." She must have subconsciously known, but this was the first time Lucina truly realized: she wasn't going to make it, she couldn't. Even if she didn't have to fight, this was just going to take too long, And she had purposefully placed herself away from any of her comrades, so no matter how open she was willing to be now, on the verge of an emergency, she could no longer ask for help. "I've made a terrible mistake."

With that newfound scale of the plight she had caused for herself, she regretted many of her actions earlier. She couldn't have done anything about her shy bladder, but she could have been braver in staying behind when everyone else was returning to the group, or told her mom what was troubling her, or left of her own will when she needed to. "Why do I have to be so weak," she cried, hearing the sound of metal clanging.

That was not a noise she was expecting, and it pulled her from her despair to find the source. Apparently, she had pulled out the Falchion and held it up to block an opponent's sword swing, all without thinking. Well, at least she was a respectable warrior on the field, and some might claim that was all that mattered. Lucina didn't believe it, but it was one aspect she could take pride in, especially now, when all else seemed dark. Even with her muscles stiff and reflexes slowed, she still recovered from the defense and swung her weapon straight through the opponent's chest. It hit her that she was already tainting the waters with blood, but that would excuse nothing. Blood wasn't her fault.

Surprisingly, even to her, Lucina was able to slice through a number of Valmese soldiers. Her movements were no longer graceful, they were certainly not acrobatic, which resulted in the hits being much less clean and lethal. They were still damaging, but it gave her enemies the chance to retaliate. They'd yet to hit her, but the interceptions and near misses were damaging her constitution. With her teeth gritted, sweat forming, hair matting, and every ounce of her body pleading for the inevitable not to happen, she finally dribbled urine into her underwear.

A chill ran up her spine at the sudden warmth, and she didn't have the strength to resist grabbing at the wet spot with her left hand. Without any enemy units around, she could get away with it. "No! Nonononononono NO!" She began trotting on her toes where she stood, the pace rapidly increasing as the leaks just wouldn't stop. By this point, the liquid was seeping through into her leggings, becoming barely visible in thin rivulets snaking down her thighs.

One could be forgiven for thinking Lucina had her accident already, but that wasn't quite the case. She was still holding on, if only by a hair's breadth. And it looked as urgent, her chest heaving even through her clothing and her eyes closed to better concentrate on herself. No doubt she was trying her best, but some futures are fixed, and she'd been destined to lose control for quite some time now. She went down fighting, struggling until the very end, when she finally burst, and had to come to terms with that. Lucina, proud warrior of a destroyed future, with the blood of the Exalt, peed herself.

No surprise considering her long trial up to now, but this would not be over quickly. Golden liquid poured from between her legs, most in a broken splatter straight down onto the tree root she was traversing, but plenty sliding down her leggings, dying the dark fabric a shade deeper. The stains sunk all the way down to her boots, not a far distance, but then began the point she could feel it pressing and squishing against her skin.

She had to relent. She had lost this fight spectacularly and needed to accept that. She fell to her knees hard enough to hurt, reducing the distance pee had to fall and muffling its noise. Her thighs were pointed inward and her feet spread out behind her, a position that did nothing beyond further soak her butt. Pressing it against the wooden floor with an open palm, her trembling hand finally gripped Falchion and sheathed it before the blade was profaned with her bodily fluids. She found the will to partially open her eyes, the world reduced to a blurry mess of color through her forming tears. "Naga...forgive me."

"Lucina!" Busy crying, and miraculously not being attacked, Lucina was unaware that Chrom was running towards her, until he called to her, panicked. In no time, he reached his daughter, and knelt before her, grabbing her shoulders and shaking her out of her daze. "Where are you hurt? How bad is the injury?"

She tried to look her father in the eyes, but even with watery vision obscuring his features, she couldn't bear to equal his gaze. "I...I...I..."

Another loud pair of footsteps bolted near the two, but the most Lucina could make out was the color red. That is, until they spoke. "Chrom, you may want to look down." Of course it was Sully.

Heeding his wife's advice, the prince looked down to his daughter's lower half. While the result of her accident had dripped down the curved platform into the pond below, the path it took through her leggings was unmistakable. "Oh, Lucina...what happened?" His tone, previously scared, was now quiet and sorry.

Lucina's shivering grew in intensity, until her sobbing snapped into a roaring wail, and she fell into her father's chest for his embrace. "I couldn't do it! We all stopped to use the bathroom, but I couldn't go because my body's stupid, and then I couldn't say anything because I'm stupid, and then...then..."

"Shhh," Chrom soothed, stroking her cape, and her back through it. "It's not your fault. It could have happened to anyone."

"No, it couldn't! When was the last time any of the Shepherds peed their pants? Any of your good, capable Shepherds worth the weapons they wield?"

"Yes, well..." It wasn't even bringing up a story from long ago, Chrom had literally never seen this happen with any of his troops. Unless he wanted to dig up a tale of Lissa when she was extremely young, which didn't match Lucina's demand and would only make her feel worse, if a kid was the only thing he could equate her to.

"The point is, from the moment I first laid eyes on you, the real you, I had no doubt you were worthy to have that sword," Sully interjected, before Lucina could take Chrom's silence as justification for more crying. "And we all still believe that. Take it from me, you're an amazing fighter, and this hasn't changed my mind a bit! It's one simple mistake stacked up next to countless victories."

"Exactly," Chrom agreed. "Regardless of a little accident like this, we're all still very proud of you. You've faced so many difficult challenges, and maybe you've stumbled, but you came out of it all a true leader."

"But even the best leader knows to ask for help when they need it, right? Did you think we couldn't help you, or were you just too ashamed to say anything?"

"The l-latter," Lucina choked and admitted. "Everyone else has no problem, why am I the only one falling behind, when I should have experience by now?"

"And I'm guessing Kjelle's 'performance' today wasn't easing your anxiety?" Lucina nodded, and Sully scratched the back of her neck. "Then I'm sorry for putting so much attention on it, but I can make it up to you. Your problem is a shy bladder? I'm sure I can get you comfortable around the other women, and until then, I can accommodate you."

"T-thanks, Mother." Even if her parents were here now to make it feel better, this whole experience was something she never wanted to happen again. She sniffled and wiped her eyes clear with her forearm sleeve.

Since the root was too small for all three in one place, Chrom helped Lucina to her feet and stepped back so the girls could hug. "Come on, I'll take you back to the camp," Sully whispered into her daughter's ear.

"No. This is the tree blessed by the voice of the Divine Dragon, and I've disgraced it. I need to apologize for my mistake in person." Lucina's sudden shift to regal dialect meant she was serious, and her parents, against their better wishes to let their daughter suffer, had to let her.

###

The climb up the Mila Tree was awful. Besides being a very long and very tiring expedition, it gave all the Shepherds the chance to see Lucina's failings. None said anything, at least not to her or where she could hear it, but they were all suddenly looking at her differently. "Humiliating" was too light a word to describe it.

Somehow, she survived the ascent without fainting from either taxing force, and at least the scenery up here was tranquil and put her heart at ease. It looked like a shrine for the gods...which it really was. Lucina suddenly felt dumb, she just kept back as Say'ri stepped forth. "Lady Tiki! Are you here?"

While Lucina, and most of the Shepherds, expected a light befitting of a god's messenger to blind them, they instead got a green-haired woman in a red dress sitting up from behind some piece of decoration and yawning. Despite her tidy appearance, that kind of introduction did suggest she was just a homeless woman, if Say'ri didn't smile at her arrival. "Ah, my lady, I'm relieved to see you're all right."

Yawning again, Tiki rubbed her eyes until she could open them and see the large party welcoming her to the world of the awake. Still, despite so many new faces, her attention locked onto Lucina. "Marth? Is that you, Marth?" The oracle smiled very happily, until her sight shifted downwards and she saw a stunned Lucina's wet clothes. "Oh, Mar-Mar, did you have an accident?"

"Um, m-my name's Lucina, milady." She was locked up for a second, unable to process this chain of events, until it hit her why she came all the way up here. Jumping with that shock, she quickly bowed. "I have perverted these sacred grounds with my own mistakes, and I have no excuse for my unacceptable actions! Punish me however you like, but please hear my father out regardless!"

Tiki considered the apology, staying quiet long enough to make Lucina very scared what she would say when she broke the silence. Her mind racing with all the possibilities, she still never considered that Tiki would cover her mouth and giggle. "That's all? It's truly nothing you need concern yourself with. I've lived at the top of this tree for millenia, do you believe I took the long voyage to those surrounding woods every time I needed to relieve myself? Very well, I'll keep this discussion brief, I do not wish to hold you up in those clothes."

Lucina was, to put it mildly, floored by the candid details being willingly provided by a divine figure. None of the other Shepherds could believe what they had heard either, but Chrom still found the strength to look her in the eye and talk serious matters, concerning the Fire Emblem, the fell dragon Grima, and the fate of humanity. It was certainly not the path of events Lucina was expecting to be taken on today, every step of the way was unusual and unpredictable. It was an adventure she'd never get in her future, just perhaps one she didn't need to embark on.

