Learned a New Skill: Relief (Fire Emblem Awakening)

Author: Captain L

*013*2018-01-02 22:19

Author's note: We started with Nowi, we end with Nowi. Thank MasterXploder for not only editing this time, but providing the idea for this part.

###

"Come on, Morgan! Don't hold back," Nah's echoing voice commanded. Another day had passed, another morning very nearly passed, and with the Shepherds in no hurry to move, the half-manakete children were training together, a very specific training. Nah was hovering above the ground in her dragon form, with her kid sister standing a fair distance away, brandishing a Wyrmsbane blade.

"I-I'm not so sure about this," Morgan objected. "I don't really have any practice with swords, I might slip and hurt you!"

"That's the point of this training, me learning how not to get hit! Just attack me already!"

"I'd think it would be a lot safer if you asked Father to take my position."

"He would never agree to attack me with a sword, he'd say it was 'too dangerous' and end the conversation there."

"Well then, perhaps you should consider that the adult has a point." That male voice was certainly not one of them, that was their dad, Robin. It didn't take long for the two to notice him, standing off to the side. At least he didn't look mad that one of his children almost could have killed the other. "Training to avoid Wyrmsbane?"

Lowering to the ground, a flash of light enveloped Nah, leaving only her human form behind when the flash subsided. "Yes. It's the biggest weakness we manaketes face on the battlefield, it only seems smart to learn how to mitigate that disadvantage."

"It makes sense to me, but your plan has a few holes in it. First off, Morgan is correct, it is much safer to have someone who knows how to wield a sword be your opponent. Second, in the event that a mishap should occur, you should have a healer on standby. Finally, while I understand the objective is to protect yourself from Wyrmsbane, actually using it during training is extremely unsafe." Robin was so busy lecturing planning that he forgot to be a father until afterwards, with proper father worries. "Who gave you that sword, anyway?"

"Lon'qu," Morgan answered. "He let us borrow it, in exchange for leaving him alone."

"Well then, maybe you should return it to him now." Holding the sword tightly, Morgan heeded her father's request and ran off towards the camp. "And don't run," he called, forcing her to slow to a walk, before she got too far away. Not wishing to be alone, Nah started walking away, until Robin put a hand on her shoulder to hold her in place. "Wait. There's something I need to talk to you about."

Jumping with a startle, Nah turned her head to face her father, a sad look in her eyes. "Am I in trouble?"

"Do you promise not to be so reckless with training again?" Nah didn't say anything, and she hesitated before answering, but she did nod her head to agree. "Good. Honestly, I'd rather not receive a guilt trip about how often you've been punished," he muttered.

"What?"

"Nothing. Anyway, I understand you're concerned about your, er..." He had started the thought without any worry, but by the time he reached the sensitive subject halfway through, it suddenly got uncomfortable, and he had to struggle to finish. "Your restroom difficulties."

In an instant, the little manakete's face began radiating a blush as red as Cordelia's hair. "H-how did you know about that?!"

"Fathers always know when something is troubling their daughters. I'm not bringing it up because I want to embarrass you, I think I have a way to assist."

In an instant, Nah went from wanting no part of this conversation to practically hanging off his chest, eagerly awaiting his next sentence. "You have something? What is it?! What is it?!"

Smirking, Robin reached into his pocket, pulling out a small purple vial. "This is just a little potion, to help compress the fluids in your system so it takes longer to fill up. That sounds exactly like what you're looking for, does it not?"

Apparently, it was, as Nah started reaching up to grab the container for herself. However, as soon as her gloved fingertips brushed against the outer glass barrier, she froze. "Did Tharja have anything to do with making this? I heard the story about the last time she played a part in a bathroom-related incident."

"No, I've studied this sort of thing before and did it myself. Tharja doesn't have much interest in brewing," he stated, conveniently neglecting to mention how much of the aforementioned story was his fault. "Do you really think I'm the kind of father who would give his child something at all unsafe?"

True, despite only being together a few months, Robin had been a caring, doting father, though not always the wisest. He looked sincere, and frankly, Nah needed that promise to be true. Smiling, she took the vial, popped the cork keeping the contents contained, and took a sip before any of her other senses could analyze the substance. Probably for the best, as halfway through downing the thick liquid, her eyes widened, she gagged and pulled the flask away from her lips. "Blech! It tastes really salty!"

"Of course, salt dehydrates you. It's an important primary ingredient to produce the same effect down in your stomach. Think about it, if miracle potions tasted good, everyone would use them for everything."

Nah eyed the remaining potion suspiciously, swishing it around in a circle, creating a tiny whirlpool in the center. "It's pretty disgusting..." She would have been happy to stop right there, but she had to assume it wouldn't take effect unless she drank the whole thing, and she really needed that boost. Gulping, she pinched her nose shut and downed the rest in one fell swoop, choking as it slid down her throat.

Anticipating the reaction, Robin held out his water canteen to his daughter, who took it and chugged half of it to wash the foul taste from her mouth. "There, that wasn't so bad. Let me know tonight if it worked, I might need to make a few adjustments to the recipe."

"I can tell you now, you need to add some flavor. Pick some berries and mix them in."

The tactician laughed. "I'll see what I can do without compromising the formula. I have other matters I need to attend to, so I should leave. Have a good day, Nah." He rubbed her hair, ruffling the well-kept style, to the manakete's dismay. "Sorry, should I not do that?" She nodded slowly, and Robin attempted to fix his mistake, to no avail, only making it messier. At least the one lock always springing upwards had company. "Heh, h-heh...I-I'll just leave this to you. Stay safe," he bid, turning and walking away quite fast, practically jogging from the scene.

She sighed at the thought of needing to redo her hair, but the rest of the interaction was enough to keep her happy. "Finally, I'm not going to be just a little kid anymore. I'll be able to hold it in, like everyone else can. I can finally be an adult!"

"Shepherds," Chrom's voice called out from somewhere else in the gathering, "we need to move, posthaste! Gather your belongings quickly, and get ready to leave!" Looked like the time to rest had come to an end, it was clear there'd be challenges soon if the prince was this worried, but Nah was calm. She drank the gross potion, her one concern would no longer even be a spot on her mind, or her underwear. She was confident that things would be different today, she'd stay dry, easy.

###

Well, Nah was half right. Many hours had passed, the sun had circled near to the horizon to set, shining directly into the corner of everyone's eyes, forcing all to turn their heads eastward to avoid blinding themselves, especially with the intermittent shining through the forest trees. And while the little dragon girl had indeed kept her clothes bone-dry, it was only through immense effort on her part. At the moment, Nah needed to pee something fierce, she was feeling hot, sweating in response, and wincing, all for the sake of keeping her pee firmly inside her.

No one knew why Chrom had demanded they leave so suddenly, except for maybe Robin, the two had been talking between themselves. Everyone else was left in the dark and to their own devices, having to make their own entertainment without slowing down, becoming more and more challenging as the troops grew further exhausted from the long walk.

For whatever reason being kept from them, there was no time to stop, either. Lissa had already asked, and if he would deny his own sister, chances were slim anyone else could get through. While she had no proof, Nah had to imagine that all the other Shepherds were at least in similar boats as her. No way anyone could hold it that long and not feel it, she rationalized. Unless Chrom eased up soon, he'd have one hell of an accident on his forces. And after seeing his daughter go through this once, it was hard to believe he'd let it happen again.

Nah wasn't doubting anything, but it was nice to have confirmation that her worries were correct, when Nowi slowed down from further ahead to talk to her child. "Are you doing okay, Nah? Holding up alright?"

Despite her mother's audible concern, she was not about to undo her tough image, as she puffed out her chest and held her shoulders broad. "Of course, I'm perfectly fine! I'm great, in fact!"

Surprisingly, that declaration sounded pretty convincing considering the situation she was in, it probably would fool most who asked. Unfortunately, Nowi was not one of those people. Due to her old age, she had a phenomenal sense for emotions and empathy, especially with her own kin. No lie would sneak past her. Eyebrow raised, she stared straight into her daughter's soul, past the falsified facade. "Would you like if I asked to break for a minute?"

Nah's shell was tough, but thin. As soon as Nowi wormed her way past the outer barricade, she was defenseless, her guard dropped. After all, it was just her mother. "Y-yes. I could really use the stop." A pitiful sight, she realized how bad she looked a second later, and went back to her played-up persona. "Um, I mean...I-I guess I wouldn't mind. Not that I need it, but better to be prepared." Smiling with counterfeit certainty, her expression soon fell as reality set in. "But we can't stop. Chrom already said so."

"You're forgetting one thing, sweetheart," Nowi declared, very bouncy and bubbly. "Your dad is the tactician, and Chrom's best friend! I ask him nicely, so he asks Chrom, and it's a strong case! Pretty good plan, isn't it? Right up there with Robin's best!"

Morgan was the apprentice tactician of the siblings, but even Nah could see a prominent flaw. "What if he still says no?"

"Then he'll have a wet manakete to deal with, and no one wants that," Nowi assured, clutching at her crotch through her shorts. That's right, Nah didn't realize, of course Nowi had to go too. She stayed in control, far better than her daughters, but she was always needing that pee whenever they stopped. It was easy to forget how desperate she was when she never wet herself.

Or did she? Nah had never seen it, but that was only a few months out of a millenium-long lifetime. Something must have happened in the past that she hadn't heard, some tale not told to her. That's when she remembered, in the moment she was trying to repress, Robin mentioning something. "Actually, Mother, there is something I'm curious about. You see, Father said something about a time you had an accident. Would you mind sharing that story?"

"Oh, he talked about that?" She definitely sounded surprised, maybe a little disappointed, but it vanished pretty quickly. "Sure, I can tell you about it. Well, I guess it isn't much to tell. I slept in late and didn't have the chance to tinkle before we left. So we-"

"Why didn't you ask to stop," Nah interrupted. "You don't have any shame in admitting that kind of thing."

"Yeah, but it was different then. Before we got together, I just had a really big crush on Robin, and I didn't want to say anything in front of him, because then I'd look all sad and stuff. So, right when it was becoming really bad, we all got interrupted a horde of Risen and had to spread out in a clearing to fight. Since I was acting all weird, your dad stayed with me, and after I told him I was having an emergency, he helped me to the bushes and protected me." With her free hand, Nowi cradled her cheek and smiled warmly. "That was our first 'moment', and it was super cute and romantic," she swooned.

While she had been quite curious about her parents' history as a couple, Nah felt she would have been better off without knowing that their first date involved pee. Grimacing in disgust, she instead turned to what would surely become her own version of the tale, one without the same happy ending. The young girl part of her consciousness began wishing for a boy that would fill the same supportive role, but one problem at a time. "Mother, if you're going to ask to break, could you please do so now? It'll be too late in a minute or two!"

Her daughter's plea yanked Nowi from her nostalgic reminiscing. "Oh, of course! I won't keep you waiting, honey!" She hurried back towards her husband at the head of the pack, leaving Nah squirming and wiggling. No leaks yet, but she felt the tide rising higher, and whimpered at the dull pain radiating in her abdomen.

"Ugh, why is it still so bad? I drank the potion, and I'm still about to explode!" Hand firmly between her thighs, she halted her slow stride to bounce and shiver. Good thing her shorter legs and stiff walk kept her towards the back of the group, so she wasn't holding anyone up. Soon enough, the urge passed, leaving only an agonizing, hot, cramping pressure.

"No...no, of course it's working," she bounced back. "It's been close to six hours, and I haven't leaked a single drop! I can manage as long as I need to now!" She was smart enough not to tempt fate, so keeping her defenses up, she resumed marching while still holding on with the tenacity expected of a dragon. "Come on, Mother, hurry up..." Still didn't mean she wanted to wait, of course. "It can't be that hard to convince Father to listen to you..."

"Keep your wits about you," Chrom shouted from ahead. That didn't sound like declaring a pee break. Without any clarification, things went dead quiet, as all looked around for anything to explain why their leader was so on edge. One by one, they noticed the pair of glowing red eyes in the shadow of the forest, joined by another, and another, until there were at least a dozen. "Risen!"

"We can't efficiently fight here," Robin stated. "There's too many blind spots, and the Risen blend into the darkness too well. We should run ahead to that...hm. This feels familiar. A-anyway, that clearing up there would be better." True to his word, there was a brightness at the end of the tunnel of trees, signaling a clearing with much more maneuverability. Recognizing the advantage that arena afforded, every Shepherd began running, quick as their tired, pained bodies could, into the light.

After the momentary blindness from the full brunt of the sun, the terrain of the open field became apparent. Which meant it was time for the tactician to take control, handing out orders of a grand plan too complicated for anyone to keep track of. As expected, Morgan was the only one who looked like she knew what was happening, but with how much distraction she was surely facing, maybe she was just adept at pretending to look smart. Or maybe that was selling her sister short, Nah couldn't say, especially not now.

Like all others, Nah was spaced out until her father called her name. "Nah, you'll be going in that direction," he directed, pointing far off in the distance. "Once you reach the valley wall, start clearing the outer edge. You should meet up with Libra somewhere along the way."

The little manakete tried to look where her father was referring to, but her eyes got caught on a detail on the opposite end of the valley. She saw only that one thing, that grabbed her attention and wouldn't let go: a small creek, its clear water slowly streaming away. Immediately, a similar feeling awakened in Nah, though she could guarantee her flow would not be so calm. Only problem was, Robin was still looking at her, not to mention all the Shepherds right next to her, following instinct and grabbing herself hard was not the right answer with witnesses around. With that handicap, she had to make do with merely pressing her legs together.

"A-ah," she squeaked, realizing that wasn't quite enough to stem the tide attempting once more to force its way out of her totally filled bladder. It was a long time coming, but finally, urine made its way into her underwear, just a dribble. It was still enough to send her into a panic, as she forced her thighs against each other even harder to keep the loss to just that little leak. It succeeded, for the time being at least, but the message was clear: it wouldn't work for long. "Why does this have to be so challenging?"

That's when it dawned on her. "Of course it's hard! Father's testing how I hold up under the most extreme circumstances! He wants to know how tough I am, and how well the potion works!" She didn't relax, that was a luxury she couldn't afford anymore, but the realization did give her peace of mind. So comforting, in fact, that she didn't realize everyone else had received their orders and moved out. "H-hey! Don't leave me behind," she cried out, hobbling down her set path.

Either despite or because of her slow stride, it wasn't long before Nah's journey was intercepted by a Risen soldier, in human swordsman form. At least his sword wasn't a Wymsbane. Reaching into the satchel hanging around her waist, she pulled out her Dragonstone, clutching it and activating its power. A radiant glow enveloped her, and when the light faded, a pink dragon had taken her place.

Shifted into her dragon form, Nah only felt one thing: bliss. Dragons were much bigger than their human counterparts, and all their internal organs were larger to match. As soon as her body changed, the pee she was holding was moved into a dragon bladder, where it was barely a concern. It was incredible, hours of holding, and she just suddenly didn't have to go anymore. Her pain washed away like an ocean's receding waves, it was beautiful.

Without any worry clouding her thoughts, Nah could concentrate on the battle. Baring her sharp teeth, she began forming a blast of fire in the back of her throat. If the Risen had emotion, he would certainly be terrified, seeing a dragon staring down at him, opening her mouth with only a glow in the void. It grew brighter and brighter, as the blast of flame exited her maw and flew into the monster, incinerating it in one quick burst.

Normally, Nah would roar in delight at her strength, but she was too aware of what was to come to feel joy. Theoretically, she could stay in dragon form, but it was a very dangerous proposition, the stress it would cause on a manakete, especially a young one such as herself, could do serious damage. She would have to turn back into human form, with all the disadvantages it brought. She briefly contemplated risking the harm, just to enjoy the sensation of an empty bladder a little longer.

It didn't happen, with a clear mind, she could weigh the consequences and decide it wasn't worth it. Another flash of light surrounded her, and her tiny body was back on the field. The torture was instantaneous, her bladder filled from near-zero to brimming all at once, she couldn't take it. "Aaaaahhhh!" She screamed in pain, falling to her knees while gripping her crotch for dear life, fingers trembling under the strain, barely registering the wetness on the fingertips growing warmer and more prominent as the small stain was expanded with more dribbles unable to stay contained. She was so close to yanking her panties down right there in the middle of the battle in order to go.

She resisted that temptation as well, something much more difficult this time. Through nothing short of a miracle, she found the strength to get back on her feet, though without enough to spare to remove her hands. No doubt in her mind, if she were to let go, her underwear would be flooded right then and there. Tears in her eyes, she had a hard time regaining her sense of direction, she was only pointed in a direction by another undefeated Risen to be drawn to.

Nah was never the kind of person whose response to an intense need to pee was "let a little out to ease the pressure", she just didn't see how it could work, and her current predicament was doing everything it could to prove that. Every time she would get into a skirmish, she would transform, enjoy the immense relief it brought, and proceed to suffer when she turned back. That taste of comfort only made the ensuing desperation more painful, worse and worse each and every time. After the fifth transformation, it was amazing that she hadn't wet herself yet. Or, rather, more than she already had. The tops of her stockings were looking a little damp.

After her latest cycle of agony, it really looked like she couldn't bounce back from this one. On her knees again, leaning forward, almost falling over with her butt raised high, the entire outside world was shut off to her. All her senses were blocked off by the incredible need to keep her overfilled, overstretched bladder in control, all she could feel was the pain, absolutely begging her to just have an accident already, with Nah ready to listen. "I...I can't do this...I gotta...I...gotta pee!"

"Nah? Are you okay, baby," a worried Nowi called out, rushing to her child's aid. "Are you hurt? Who hurt you? Did you already get them, or does mommy need to beat them up?" It appears Nah's shout wasn't as loud as she would have imagined, or Nowi was just oblivious.

"M-Mother? What are you doing here?" Nah was told she would be running into Libra, not that she didn't welcome this development. "Oh, forget it! I'm gonna wet myself!"

"Shhh shh shhhhhh," Nowi soothed, getting on her knees as well and hugging her daughter. "You just wandered off course a little, it's okay. Actually, it's great, because now I can help you!"

"I-I'm sorry, Mother, but it's too late for me. I'm not going to make it."

"Don't say that, nothing's over 'til it's over!" She pushed her palm against one of Nah's cheeks, forcing her head to the right. "Look, look! There's some bushes right over there! You're so close!"

The hardest struggle of her life, Nah opened her eyes just enough to confirm her mother was telling the truth. Even through her blurred, unfocused vision, a group of shrubs were still clear as day. They were large, covering, and most importantly, near. It took a second for all those pieces to sink in, but once they did, her eyes shot open with a burst of adrenaline, which also carried her to her feet to bolt for the plant's cover. She still couldn't let go of her crotch, the energy could only do so much.

It took only a few seconds for her to reach the circle of greenery, but it was still enough time for the river to flow. She didn't feel it at first, her underwear too wet for any more to cause a reaction, but she certainly realized when a hearty cascade slid down the small amount of bare thigh, soaking into her pink stockings and turning the inner half much darker.

Time was of the utmost essence, as she shamelessly lifted her dress's hem, ignoring the yellow-stain splattered on the front, though it had nothing on the drenched and stained originally-white panties beneath, which also flew down to just before her knees, further descent stopped by the rim of her boots. This was the most she could undress, and she hurried into a squat, spreading her legs as much as she could without ripping her underwear right down the middle.

There was no need for her to relax, her bladder had already given up. Off-yellow urine was gushing from her unmentionables, shooting between her feet and splattering in the hard dirt, forcing the grass down. The impact caused drops to splash upward, sticking to her ankles of her boots, waves in the pond ebbing outwards and expanding its reach, surrounding and engulfing the shoe's soles within seconds, before the fluid could soak into the soil. A tiny trickle without any force dropped straight down, forming a second, much smaller puddle, the main pool close to merging the two.

"Uhhh, ahhh, nnggh...mmmmm." That was the sound of a manakete being relieved from her pure physical limit, no room for a single extra drop. Even when she wet herself in Ylisstol, she wasn't this full. This was the result of pure tenacity and endurance, and all the torment that led up to it. It felt pretty good, though the relief was dulled by how many times she'd felt the emptiness already, and the pain still lingering and diminishing.

Pee was pouring out hard and fast, but it was still coming from a small girl, there was only so much to give. To her credit and amazement, it did stay at that rush for a long time, by her standards at least, before finally calming to what would be considered "a well-needed break" by most. Another ten seconds of that force, and the small reserves remaining exited in a small piddle. All in all, it took just shy of a minute to void her bladder.

"Haah...haaaaaaaahhhhhh," Nah moaned, trembling in ecstasy. She could not only feel no discomfort in her abdomen, but she knew it would last this time. It was...refreshing, to put it mildly. She had tried her best and didn't give up, at least not until the very end when anyone would relent, and was rewarded as such, despite fears that she'd disgrace herself again. "Yeah...soaked panties be damned, I made it!"

All that was left was to tidy up and redress. Reaching forward, she plucked a leaf from the bush to her side, wiping it against her privates. It was small, half the size of her palm, and its smooth texture made it a lackluster instrument for drying, but a half dozen of them got the job done. Once the little manakete was satisfied, she discarded the final leaf, letting the wind carry it down to float in the puddle, and pulled her underwear back up, instantly making the whole drying effort futile. "Ungh," she groaned in disgust at the chilling dampness, coming to terms with the fact that she'd be wearing these for at least a few hours longer. She considered leaving them behind, but then one stray wind would embarrass her far more than any accident could.

"There. Finished." She dropped her dress and stood up, taking one final look at the mess she caused. "Wow...I can hold that much? That potion really is a miracle. I'll have to thank Father for that." That's when she remembered, she had received help making it this far. "Right, Mother!" She had been there when all seemed lost to pick Nah up and give her the final push, she deserved thanks for that. "Mother? I'm done," she called, turning back to where she had last seen her mom.

"Nnnnghhh...haaaaa..." Nowi was still there, but her status had changed. Instead of standing casually, her legs were pressed together. Instead of looking happy, her eyes were closed and she was panting. And instead of being dry, the inner portion of her light pink shorts were a far darker and more reflective color, which carried down her thighs and into her stockings before descending past view inside her boots. Immediately after not wetting herself, Nah had to witness her mother failing that same trial.

That's right, Nowi did mention needing to go earlier, but Nah wouldn't have imagined it would end like this. She deserved comfort, and Nah would provide it. Slow, uncomfortable, and unsure, she approached her mother. "Are...are you okay?"

Not until she spoke did Nowi realize she was being watched, her eyes opened to see her daughter's sorry face. "Did you make it?"

Nah reeled back at the question."Y-yes, but I'm hardly the one to worry about now! Look at you! You're wetting yourself, and looking like a little kid, and, and..."

"I'm just happy not to hold all that anymore. That's all I needed." She smiled, it looked strained, but earnest. "This feels goooooooood." She sighed in relief as the stream died down, and she spread her feet to allow the drops loosely sticking to her to fall. "There, all better," she chirped, shaking her hips to dislodge as much as she could, of course remaining drenched.

The young manakete girl had no idea how to process what was unfolding before her eyes. Her mother, over a thousand years old, more than enough time to learn how to control herself, peed her pants. And she looked content with that outcome! "B-but you had an accident! That's only something little kids do, and you're supposed to be strong, and-"

"Nah." Just the way Nowi said her daughter's name was enough of an interruption. This wasn't her cheerful persona, this was her motherly wisdom speaking...while soaked from the waist down. "It's just like you said. It was just an accident. It happens from time to time, and it doesn't matter. Whether or not you always make it to the bathroom, or the bushes, it doesn't mean you aren't strong. Even if it did, it doesn't change that I love you. And your father loves you. And Morgan loves you. And everyone else likes you. And besides, you made it! I could hear it all the way from here, that was impressive regardless! Take pride in being able to hold even that!"

"M-Mother..." Nah always tried to stay strong, keep her emotions hidden and think logically. But whenever Nowi started talking right to her, bridging the gap and getting personal, she cried every time. "Moooooooootheeeeeeeeer!" She ran into Nowi's arms, who had to quickly outstretch them to allow for a hug. Nah nestled in her breast, what little there was, letting tears run down her cheeks as Nowi patted and rubbed her back.

"Hm? What are you doing over here, Nah?" Now there was a third voice neither saw coming, but it wasn't one that alarmed either of the two. It was just Robin, after all. "You're supposed to be over there."

Nah detached herself from her mother's bosom, wiping her tears on her gloves. "Oh, I...I got a little off-track."

"She just needed a little help making it to the bushes," Nowi elaborated, "nothing to worry about."

With the two girls separate, Robin got his first look at his wife, and her pants. "It looks like you needed the help a little more."

"I'm fine," Nowi waved off. "Nah did well, and that's all that matters."

"Right!" Nah just remembered what she wanted to say to her dad. "Thanks so much for that potion! I only made it this far because of it, I never would have lasted without it!"

Robin scratched the back of his neck, a nervous grin across his face. "Oh. I-I'm sorry, Nah, but I wasn't honest with you. You see...that potion was fabricated. Just a mixture of various ingredients."

"What?" Nothing about this added up, it wasn't believable. "No, that can't be true. It worked! It really worked!"

"Well, that's exactly it. Your mother and I were discussing it, and she suggested your root problem was lack of confidence. You get so worried about how much you can hold, you think you can't hold anything, and you keep making it worse and worse. So I figured, I come up with some way to make you think you can hold more, like, say, a fake potion, and the results would manifest. So, you're correct, it did work, exactly according to my design. You waited longer because you thought you could."

"See? I told you!" Nowi gave her daughter a hard slap on the back, almost causing the young manakete to lose balance. "You're already strong, you're just a worrywart! Happens to everyone! Don't put yourself down so much, you're a great manakete!"

"And, as a fruitful coincidence, it appears you learned a second aspect of the lesson today as well," Robin seamlessly continued. "Remember how Morgan tried to help you back in Ylisstol?"

"Yeah, for all the good she did," Nah grumbled.

"But look how much I helped," Nowi beamed. "All of us are willing to help you, but you have to tell us when something's bothering you! You can't just keep everything bottled up inside, or it's just going to linger and eat away at you! Better to just tell one of us!" She leaned in close to Nah. "That's a good lesson for everything."

Her parents had a point, she had to admit, but it didn't feel right. She had to be strong and steady, that's what an army needed, that's how to avoid pain, that's what she'd learned. "I don't know..."

"Take your time coming to terms with it. Just promise that you'll come to us with any questions or concerns." Robin held his arms out for a hug, with Nowi eagerly taking the invitation, leaving enough open room for a third member. And, after a little nonverbal prodding, Nah joined in. It was a silent, happy moment, until the embrace naturally dissolved ten seconds later. "I'm glad we had this talk, but this wasn't the only plan I had. It's pretty important that you go back to your position, Nah."

"Oh! Right, sorry!" She ran off back to the edge of the valley, to the approximate location she would have reached by now, had her little detour not taken place. But she didn't get far before stopping and turning back. "Wait, one more question! How come Chrom didn't allow any stops?"

"Well...I guess I can tell you, so long as you promise to keep quiet. See, he had received a report this morning that Gangrel was spotted not too far from here, growing closer to our camp. As you can imagine, hearing the news that a dead man was coming for him was pretty terrifying. We talked it over, and decided that we couldn't rule out the possibility that he had attained serious supernatural powers in resurrection, so engaging him would be dangerous. And Chrom also said he didn't want news to spread, it would cause either panic, or distrust of him for believing something so foolish. Again, we couldn't rule out a mutiny to make Shanty Pete proud, and a tactician has to prepare for all outcomes."

"I'm...not sure how to take that news."

"And that's exactly why we didn't risk it. Now, hurry along, before my battle strategy becomes totally undone without a way to redo it." Nah nodded, rotating back and running off. As soon as she was safely out of sight, Robin sighed. "This is all so confusing, I don't think I'm quite ready to be a father yet."

"It's not that hard, you just have to understand how kids think. For what it's worth, given how busy you've been and how they were just sprung on you, I think you've been doing a great job," Nowi reassured, holding her husband tight.

"Er, not that I don't enjoy the hug, but could you back off a little? You're getting my clothes damp through contact."

"Too bad." Realizing he couldn't convince her to ease off, Robin gave up the struggle, and just focused on looking over the horizon as a couple. It was tranquil and romantic, they would have been content staying like this for awhile, until Nowi made an observation of her own. "We should really get back to the battle now." Knowing she was right, they let go of each other, reaching for their respective weapons. Paired up, they charged forward on their original path, ready to face their obstacles, whether they be enemy or family.

*014*2024-10-07 00:43

"There's too many blind spots, and the Risen blend into the darkness too well. We should run ahead to that... Hm. This feels familiar. A-anyway, that clearing up there would be better." The grandmaster of the Shepherds, Robin, began laying out his great, high-level strategy for how their forces would engage the supernatural evil. Being the calling he had lived ever since Prince Chrom found him in a field, he was naturally very adept at it. Perhaps too much so, as he tended to speak quickly and jump between topics. Most of the Shepherds could only listen for their name and fulfill their roles to the best of their understanding. 

The one person who could follow his rapid-fire directions was, unsurprisingly, his youngest daughter, Morgan. Unlike her older sister, Nah, Morgan was actively studying to be as capable and genius a tactician as dear old daddy. And, according to his encouragements, she was already well on her way. Pretty impressive for one so young. And one so amnesiac. Ordinarily, she would be listening to her father's grand plans with rapturous interest, taking in every minutiae of forethought and method. 

But today was a bit different. She was trying her best, truly, but it was difficult to concentrate on the instructions with the pressing pain near her stomach. Oh dear... Ooh, boy oh boy, I gotta go. Gotta pee pee pee pee pee pee.. I'm on the verge of doing it in my shorts here... This was not a new development for poor Morgan, she had been struggling with this exact problem for quite some time now. 

Today should have been an ordinary day, or at least that's what she thought as the small army set out in the morning. A long march, maybe a battle, nothing unusual for the Shepherds. She had no reason to think twice about drinking liberally from her canteen; they'd all stop for a break before it could become a problem. Okay, maybe "before" was a little charitable, the young half-manakete had a bad tendency to not absolutely make it by the time she got her rest stop, but it was only a little leak in her panties, nothing that bad! 

Yet the walking continued. The sun rose high into the sky, and began its descent, and there was nary a hint of a pause to do their business. At first, it was easy enough for Morgan to push it to the back of her mind, but as the hours grew long, that became far more challenging, bordering on impossible. And while she couldn't cross her legs whilst walking, it was becoming more likely to find her biting her bottom lip and/or wiggling her hips. She could only hope that it wasn't obvious exactly what she was worried over. 

"Morgan!" 

"Wah! U-uh, yes?" Deep in thought, it was a bad time for Robin to directly address her, and just hearing her name really startled her. Please... No, it's alright, still dry. 

"You'll be securing the central plains. Just follow the stream until you reach that crossing, hold that point, and you should be golden. I know you can do this, Morgan." And with that vote of confidence, he hurried off to perform his own duties. What those duties were, Morgan wasn't paying attention to hear, and she could only hope it wasn't important, because it would reflect very poorly for her to ask for them to be repeated. 

As such, she didn't feel right interrupting him to object, just to complain about her needs. Father knows what he's doing, he can't just refactor the whole strategy for me. He's counting on all of us to play our parts! Hm, I wonder if Father has ever had this problem? Mmph... Best not to worry about that at this moment. Maybe another time. For now, just focus on the fight! Don't worry, I can do this, Father! With that shot of resolve, she ran down the hill from the overlook everybody had split up from, straight to the river she was ordered towards. 

That spring in her step vanished quickly, as the bouncing run produced undesirable side effects; namely, the weight within her bladder jolting from every leap. "Ooh," she moaned as she slowed to a halt, and squeezing her thighs together as soon as she was still. A very tempting thought to shove her hands between her legs suddenly consumed her, but she resisted it. Her hands instead cupped over her stomach, providing support to the quite visible bulge that had previously been squished between the rest of her torso as she hunched forward while running. 

This wasn't the first time she'd been subjected to a bladder bulge, though she was sure there had to be more times she couldn't remember, with her memory the way it was. No, I remember something! There was that time I was in my tent, and I waited as long as I could before getting up... Wait, no, that was a few days ago. Maybe all that banging my head against a book is having adverse effects. 

Regardless, Morgan was no stranger to pee desperation. While not in the same league as either her mother, Nowi, or her sister, Nah, Morgan was on the smaller side of the Shepherds, and that meant a smaller bladder capacity without the kind of training her mother had. Yes, she'd be alive for millennia and would therefore have time to build it up, but that didn't help now, she simply needed to pee more often than most of the other women. Manaketes also didn't have the naturally stronger bladders that the taguel enjoyed. 

But since she didn't want to be a weak link, she really forced herself to hold it in most of the time, resulting in a sizable lump on her bare tummy, a prime reminder that now would be a great time to pop a squat and do her thing. Yet here she was, in the center of a battlefield, and definitely still full of urine. 

Ooh, it's bad, it's really bad... But I guess I've had worse. Yeah, come on, you can bear with just this! Her panties were still fully dry, which couldn't often be said when she was at her limit, so it wasn't worth panicking over just yet. Actually, it was a different feeling, for some reason. Her normal pee desperation ailed her with a stinging, bursting pain that tingled her lower bits in a bid for release. Today, however, it wasn't nearly as painful. Not pleasant, certainly, and impossible to ignore, but not especially agonizing, either. Just a heaviness, the kind of discomfort that was more similar to the aftermath of a poor job by the day's assigned cooks. And, while the lump was tender, a shudder running up her spine as her fingers made contact, it could also be eased by gingerly cupping her palm over it. "Phew... I just need a minute, and then..." 

Whatever kind of break she was hoping for, she could not be so lucky. That was the moment that a Risen monster, previously concealed in the long shadow of the ridge across the river, leapt forward at an unsuspecting Morgan with intent to strike. But Risen were slow, and this wasn't her first fight. Even with the element of surprise, they weren't the most nimble of foes, and Morgan had ample time to prepare and counter. 

"A-ah!" Unfortunately, she was a bit tense at the moment and wasn't able to react with her usual ability. Only a fraction of her brain could be diverted for logical thinking, but it was enough for her to command one quivering arm to take a weapon and fight back. Which weapon, she didn't think that far ahead, intuition was her only guide. 

As it turned out, when under extreme pressure (internal and external), Morgan's first instinct was to reach into the pouch at her side and pull out her Dragonstone. And with a flash, the young girl was gone, replaced with a thin, green dragon several times her size. It was a quick transformation, but thanks to the massive growth she experienced, the gap between her and the Risen had comparatively shrunken, now too small to give her total freedom of choice on her next move. 

Luckily, that was something easily remedied. One little hop into the air, a swift spin halfway around to turn her backside to the Risen, and swung her long tail horizontally. Even if it wasn't a manakete's strongest appendage, it had the weight and speed necessary to sweep anything human-sized way off their feet. Then, with another flap of her mighty wings, one more half-circle rotation, and a welling of burning power from deep within her core erupting out of her maw, and boom, this monster was no more. 

That resulted in an extended period of awkward silence, an impasse within Morgan's mind. Ah, that's a relief, nice and empty. But... it's only because I'm a dragon now. As soon as I revert back, it's going to hit me again like a catapult blast. How long could I last remaining in dragon form? I'm still young, Mother says it's not healthy to abuse my Dragonstone so heavily before I reach 100. But I'm around 1500 in dragon years, I think... But I'm only half-manakete, so does that affect it? Maybe it's strictly experience and not biology... 

Er, for now, I suppose I have no choice but to grit my fangs and take the punishment. Going back didn't require the same usage of a physical object; Morgan simply focused inwards, and with another flash, the same smaller girl from a minute before was back. And her fears were immediately confirmed. "Mmgh!" She barely choked back a sudden cry as her liquid contents readjusted themselves to a smaller bladder, meaning a forcible distending to fit it all at once. It wasn't a problem if it didn't need to stretch, but that was most assuredly not the case right now. 

Getting a little break didn't give her much of a reprieve; actually, it made it worse. Whatever luck she had been blessed with previously, she had wasted it by using her Dragonstone. because the desperation was no longer that mild, easily ignored discomfort. Ah! Yep, that's more what I'd expected! That burning, needling pressure from below her navel, that uncontrollable shaking of at least one thigh, the beads of sweat birthing on her forehead and matting her bangs, all far more typical of a girl bursting to go pee. Meaning, Morgan was very familiar. 

Under the best of circumstances, she could bear with the pain, knowing that it couldn't be that much longer before she'd get her chance to answer nature's call properly. Here, however, that respite was clearly nowhere on the horizon, making the prospect of simply dealing with it daunting, to put it lightly. And, frankly, Morgan was not in the mood to be a strong girl about this. 

Thus came the inevitable: a hand shooting between her legs, clutching her dragon's treasure with a sizable measure of strength. However, even when she supplemented the force by raising her right leg and crossing it over the other, forcing her wrist and its attached limb deeper in, it hardly made a difference in easing the pain. It wasn't that she couldn't feel the squeezing, it just wasn't as much of an improvement as one would hope. 

And the reason why was extremely obvious. Despite, or perhaps because of, her lack of memories, Morgan had a strong attachment to her parents. Obviously, her father, Robin, received the most prominent share of the hoard, she inherited his intelligence, love for strategy, and even wore an old coat of his over her shoulders. However, that didn't mean she didn't deeply care for her mother too, far from it. Being a manakete as well, one could argue that Morgan got more from Nowi than she did from Robin, and that was without bringing up their shared hair color and general upbeat attitude. 

But, perhaps the most obvious shared trait was attire: Morgan shared Nowi's outfit, consisting of a dragonscale-patterned bra, thigh-high stockings, giant pink ribbons at her waist, and a set of long boots. The most important piece now, though, was her bottomwear, a pair of pink short shorts. Minus a missing cape and elbow gloves, it was identical to her mother's clothes. 

There was just one key difference between the two: despite being centuries younger, thanks to her half-human heritage, Morgan had grown up a fair bit faster. Not so much vertically, she was still on the shorter side, but she had begun to "fill out" her outfit far more as of late. It was bad enough that it made her top significantly tighter and harder to put on, enough to make her yearn for reprieve in full view of all, but her shorts were a sore spot too. She had some good meat on her bones around that area, so they hugged her butt with a defined shape, pinched her thighs, even the subtle folds of her girlhood could just barely be made out through two layers of coverage. It was bad enough that she needed to leave them unbuttoned in her daily life, because she could no longer button them up. And I fear I'm approaching the day I can't even zip them anymore. I already have to hold my breath to get it up. She hadn't quite realized yet that her panties were a bit visible through the open clasp, if she'd even care. 

All that to say, clutching her crotch as an act of desperation wasn't any tighter than what her clothes normally provided. As she pressed her thighs together like a set of shears in a constant rhythm, any relief she got, she had the impression it was purely a mental response. Maybe she could get somewhere with this if she kept at it long enough, but not only would she be fighting against the naturally rising need, she'd be putting herself out in the open, free for the picking, in an active battlefield. Now was the time to fight. 

...but my transformation... There was no doubt that Morgan was at her strongest whilst a dragon, but boy, was it painful to return to human form. With her private parts still quivering beneath the strain of the last tidal surge, to say nothing of every other response she displayed, foreknowledge of future events wasn't needed to predict what would happen if she pushed her luck again. I'll be coming back from the fight with wet shorts, that much is certain! 

That left her one alternative: rejecting her dragon blood. Manaketes could be quite powerful combatants, but they were overspecialized, and had crippling weaknesses that could end a careless wyrm's life in an instant. Thus, Morgan had begun to practice wielding various other weapons, in case she needed to take the role of a different class. Like now. I may not have mastered this yet, but it's better than having an accident! 

But then she started having second thoughts. Father... Father gave me this task, and he did so with full knowledge that I am a manakete. Were I to begin acting as another archetype independently, it would punch a hole in the entire strategy! A rook can't just begin moving like a knight! As a budding tactician herself, Morgan couldn't, in good conscience, upset that balance. 

That's when she was hit with the most piercing strike she could envision, reaching to her core more effectively than any arrow, even against a flying dragon. "Eep!" After all, how could she not react to the sudden, sneaky splotch of boiling heat pressing against her from her tight panties? Because that's what happened, even the slightest focus diverted away and the ballast of condensed urine she carried made a break for freedom. Even if a quick response meant she regained control in a flash, one spurt got loose before the gates closed and set up shop in Morgan's underwear. And it was lonely, wanting community. 

That experience, that little raindrop tipping the scales ever slightly more towards annihilation, did wonders to change her tune. S-so long as I act as I would whilst making use of my Dragonstone, I'm sure Father will forgive me! With her knees knocking together and clenched fists shaking, Morgan took one big step to continue along her assigned route. Then the dampness in her smallclothes got a partner, and mysteriously, her next step was a lot more restrained and shuffling. 

Though, it wasn't just her bladder weighing her down, but another heavy stone in her stomach: the weight of regret. This will work out. I may be going against the plan, but it's no big deal. It won't affect the tide of battle, and I won't be responsible for some horrible tragedy. Considering my personal circumstances, this is perhaps the best I can do. She could keep repeating assurances within her head, but with every sway of her body, she could feel the Dragonstone knocking around in her coat pocket more and more, silently judging her for her actions. 

...even if I were to continue my dragon rampage, how much of a difference could it possibly make? Thanks to their distinct scale colors, Morgan could identify the destruction being caused by Nowi, Nah, and Tiki. Nah's really giving them what for. What's she so mad about today? It wasn't just manaketes, but their distant cousins as well, with a black wyvern surveying the skies. Naturally, it could only be Minerva, being ridden by her inseparable master, Cherche. Right, she's often given the task of surveillance, along with the pegasus knights. 

So it was surprising to see Minerva suddenly fold in her wings and tilt her nose down, diving towards the ground and touching down on a small ridge to Morgan's east. Having personal experience regarding how a dragon reacted upon taking damage, she could immediately discount the possibility that they had taken an arrow, it was too deliberate a landing, it had to be intentional. Still, something looks wrong with her... 

With all the expected sounds of combat reverberating all around, Morgan couldn't make out a whisper of what was happening over there, so she could only rely on her eyes to solve the mystery. She saw Cherche dismount on Morgan's side, and say something to Minerva, of which not a whisper carried across the field. It didn't look to be panicked, yet hurried all the same as she stroked her beloved wyvern from her neck down to the base of her tail. What could convince them to abandon their assignment in the middle of the battle? That's not like Cherche at all. 

Well, her desire for answers would be granted in short order. Cherche looked around for a brief moment, but she had landed in a pretty barren segment of the valley, distanced from ally and enemy alike, so her surroundings were clear and safe. Given the distance, she probably barely spotted Morgan against the grass, and even if she did, chances were she couldn't tell that the young manakete was looking at her. 

Just as well, it might have given her pause, though it was unlikely. Stabbing the bladed tip of her poleaxe into the dirt to keep it upright, Cherche swiftly raised the hem of her skirt, and slid down her panties to the rim of her boots. At the same time, she dropped her butt straight down until it was presumably brushing against the grass, and got to it. Not that Morgan could actually see anything from this distance, but the position she took and the tiny sparkles glistening past her bent knees told the entire tale. 

"Mmgh!" Morgan squealed and tensed up, lest she begin an imitation. She knew it would be best to avert her eyes, but she just couldn't bring herself to be smart. Not that it was something she had never seen; the Shepherds took their pit stops in big groups, split by gender, so Morgan had seen every one of her female comrades in the midst of peeing. ...Oh dear, I think my memory must be worse than I thought, I can't remember anything with Lucina. It was more Cherche's brazenness that fascinated her. Doing it in the middle of a battle?! Well, I suppose she has Minerva to guard her. And block her from sight from most everyone. Mmf, if I were paired with Mother or Nah, they could do the same for me. Father would be less than optimal, in terms of physical coverage, but I wouldn't mind having him. The thought of the possibility of how she could have gotten her relief flared up the heavy pressure in her abdomen. 

And that was about to get ten times worse. Spying on one woman getting to pee when she herself was bursting was tough, so two would be unbearable. But that's what she got when Minerva raised her tail, lifted her rump, and just let loose. This time, the distance between them and Morgan didn't make a difference, she couldn't possibly miss Minerva's pee. Coming from a larger creature, it was far thicker than a human's, and it flowed quickly, blasting way more powerful than any non-dragon could even dream of, no matter how busting they were. 

But Morgan was a dragon, which gave her a unique perspective. Not that it was hard to empathize with getting to see anyone get the chance to urinate whilst they themselves couldn't do the same, regardless of species, but a manakete was more closely related. Though the wyverns lacked the same sapience, Morgan felt a certain kinship with them, and that alone mesmerized her. Squatting to pee as a girl, nothing special, she did that several times a day and had done so for as long as she could remember. Answering nature's call as a dragon, that was something she had never seen, or even thought about before, considering how much longer it would take to fill up. I'll have to ask Mother what it's like. She had no evidence it was something Nowi had ever done, but if any manakete had, it was probably Nowi. Until then, she could only imagine it, living vicariously through her vision. 

What didn't help was how good Minerva made it look. Her tongue slipped out from her maw as she visibly panted, her tail stiffened, and Morgan thought she saw the wyvern shiver, though she couldn't be sure. And the way Cherche vigorously rubbed her mount's rear haunch in a hearty stroking, all the while contributing no small share of the puddle herself. I guess the long march has been challenging on all of us. Despite the circumstances, the two were clearly in bliss. While she hadn't seen it herself, she'd heard that Sully had been known to occasionally pee with her horse as well, but witnessing that sort of thing now, it did look quite nice, a relieving display of bonding between species. 

"Anh!" And all it did was remind Morgan very explicitly how much she'd like to join. She wasted no time in slamming her legs together even further, squeezing even tighter, wiggling her hips even quicker, basically everything that went into a serious potty dance. Yet, even with her quick response, she was met with a wide area of warmth and wetness in her shorts. With just one leak, the pee in her panties had gone from a coin-sized stain in the crotch to totally soaking at least half of them. Aw, I can even feel it on my butt now... It wasn't unusual for Morgan to have a little bit of an accident before she got the chance to go, but this much coming out was bad news. Gotta go, gotta go go go go go! Please, I'm having an emergency! This was the crossroads, now was the time for the hard decisions. 

But it would be a lot easier to think without the sound of that accursed river she stood on the bank of. This entire time, she was helpless to listen to the fiercely running water, and whether she was conscious of it or not, it was eroding away at her strength. Not just the noise, but the idea of the river itself mocked her struggle. Come on, I pee in rivers all the time, it's totally normal! It's right there! Oh, she could just picture it now, remembering all the times in the past she'd hunkered down, toes just barely touching the cold, running brook, shorts and underpants at her knees, and added to the stream with a deep sigh, knowing that her bodily fluids would be washed away in an instant. 

...well... I mean... Cherche had really opened the floodgates, as it were, by giving Morgan something she had never thought of: the possibility of the battlefield becoming her toilet. Despite being an unavoidable reality of life, the strategy books she'd read had never made mention of contingencies if soldiers needed to relieve themselves, and she'd always forgotten to ask her dad about it. So she'd just assumed that, should such a situation arise, accidents were an inevitability. But now, her eyes had been opened, maybe she could just pop a squat and let it all fly. After all, she had the place to do it, and none of the Risen seemed to be paying her any mind. All that was left was the multitude of Shepherds, moving about in every direction around her. 

Well, they're my friends! It's not like what I have is anything special, either! If they see, they see, and that's fine! Despite not even remembering her as a parent, Morgan had clearly inherited a lot of her personality from her mother, Nowi. But, if there was irony to be found in that, she was not in the state of mind to find it. Her mind was wholly concentrated on that river, and parking her butt on its border. And now that she didn't have to worry about keeping control, that being a lost cause, she could just make a break for it at top speed. Even if it resulted in a renewed heat against her crotch with each step, further crossing the border onto her palms, and starting a pilgrimage down her inner thigh by the third spurt. 

But she could live with that, so long as it was just those sprinkles. And it was looking like she'd hold out just long enough, because that blessed river was only a few bounds away, and even weighed down, she reached it in no time. And even that short jog was trying her patience, because she spent that brief journey frantically preparing. Oh, these stupid things! The pair of crossing belts, another piece of her wardrobe that originated with Nowi, were touchy and needed a steady hand to slip the pins back out of their holes. Obviously, that was something she presently lacked, whether it was due to her quivering from desperation, or just the result of running. So both being levied at once really stacked the deck against her. If anything, the fact that it only took her a handful of tries to get them unclasped and flapping in the breeze was a sign of incredible luck. 

Just one thing left by the time she slid to a halt and nearly tumbled into the water: her shorts themselves. The button was always open these days, so it was only the zipper standing between her and sweet release, and she was already tugging on the tag. It was just this one final obstacle, and she was greatly anticipating its swift resolution. "Hhngh!" So it was a problem when the little metal tab refused to budge even one tooth down the line. 

This wasn't an entirely new thing; sometimes, it just got stuck, and it needed a bit of finagling to bring it down. Of course, that was frustrating when she needed to pee, but it's not like she was seconds away from an accident when it happened, so it was just a nuisance before the ecstasy. Even if she tended to get a little "overeager" and maybe let a bit out before pulling her pants down, but it wasn't that much, really! Well, this wasn't like those other times, she was really teetering on the edge now, where every second counted. Come on, come on, hurry hurry hurry, agh! I-it's not budging! With each pull, she put her back into it more and more until she risked falling forward, yet she was getting nowhere. 

Morgan had a good idea what the root cause was, since there weren't too many options. I must have gotten a shred of fabric stuck in the zipper when I was getting my shorts on this morning! I did really struggle zipping them up, even wiggling to get them on in the first place, I'm sure that's what it is! Where is it, where is it?! She pulled her hands away from her groin and doubled over forward, partially from crushing desperation, but mostly to get her eyes down there to better catch a glance at the problem spot. 

Down there, she saw one thing. Not the snag in her zipper, that would have been small and covered by a strip of fabric that would need to be peeled aside. No, it was the much more obvious element that caught her eye and kept it confined: the big dark stain on her light pink shorts. And boy, was it huge, a massive splotch that grew to reach the entirety of her inner thighs, all the way down the short legs, jumped up far enough to dampen half of the aforementioned zipper, and while she couldn't see behind herself, she could feel it all over every inch of her butt. 

It's not that she was ever "not aware" of it, but seeing her soaking-in-progress with her own eyes was another thing entirely. Now, there was no running from the reality, just how much she had already wet herself. And there was so much more to go. What difference would it... No, I can't! Father would be so disappointed, that his own daughter would wet herself! He doesn't deserve to have both his daughters known for that! I have so few memories, I don't want this to be one of them! 

She could be so resolute in her mind all she wanted, but the fact was that the idea was in her head and that couldn't be reversed. The connection had been made: "I've already wet myself this much" naturally led to "what difference would it make if I went all the way?" And she could argue against it in her head all she wanted, come up with all kinds of rebukes why a girl of her age, stature, and physical position shouldn't pee her pants, but it wasn't her brain shouting the loudest within her. It was her bladder, and it only wanted one thing: PEEEEEE! 

So she peed. Right where she stood on the edge of the creek. Not that she could tell from the sensation in her shorts, there was fresh urine in them already and nothing was changing there, but the sound gave it away. Even amidst the constant underlying running water, and the chaos of battle all around her, Morgan was still acutely aware of the specific brand of splattering liquids raining down beneath her boots. It really was like a torrential downpour on the exterior of her tent at night, a thick onslaught of heavy fluids in a non-stop hail into the hard dirt. The noise softened a bit as the soil did, but the bubbly foam left in the grass as it did so hardly dampened it out of earshot. Plus, she was peeing a lot, the earth just couldn't absorb it fast enough. 

Even as she let go of the boiling mass that tortured her, Morgan couldn't stop shivering. If anything, it was getting even more violent with each gallon that poured out of her, with her knees in particular shaking like the first time she held a heavy sword. And she had already tired herself out, totally spent after a day of holding back her more private needs, she had no strength left. Her knees gave out, and she collapsed right into her puddle. 

And as she moved so sharply, she felt the urine seep into some other clothes. Her feet pressing against the ground, pushing downwards thanks to the way she spread her knees to give the golden flow all the clearing it needed, of course she felt the stuff down in that region. Hardly a surprise it came to this, her pee naturally ran down her legs as it came out, and her thigh-high boots flared out at the top, making them a perfect funnel for it to seep into her stockings all the way down. And, when she could feel her toes squishing around in those sopping socks, safe to say it was a horrible sensation. With her boots not being perfectly waterproof, either, the puddle quickly expanding from just beneath her crotch seemed to permeate the gaps in the leather stitching and further soil everything it touched. 

Ah, oh no! No no no no! Having sat down on the ground before, and finding dirt and grass on her coat afterwards, Morgan knew that the tail hung long enough to catch all manner of things when she was a bit lower down. Sometimes, she even spared her butt a bit of aching by using its thick, soft material as a seat cushion. It was a very comforting fabric, she could feel it rubbing against the small of her back in the breeze right now. Meaning it was resting as it so often did at this moment. 

Morgan had been in a pee-induced haze for a while now, but that realization cut through the fog with a deadly sharpness, and her heart jumped halfway out her mouth. It didn't matter how much she had to twist, how much she had to throw off her seated balance, she hurriedly spun her upper body to grab her coat in her clutches and yank it over her lap. She didn't even wait, just immediately started dragging the hem up like a frantic beast, earning her a fistful of wet coat squishing between her fingers. Wading through deeper-than-expected streams, she'd learned that her coat absorbed water like a sponge, making cleaning it a pain and drying it out even worse. But she took the time to care for it, because it was a keepsake of her father's. Not the one she had now, but the Robin from her original time, making it one of only a few connections she still had to him. 

And now it was positively dripping with her dirty urine. Because of her careless behavior, not only was she fouling her image with an inability to hold her pee through one battle, her precious coat had to pay for her childish failure. Breathing started becoming a lot more difficult, when her chest tightened and froze, and her throat closed up. The most she could do were small chokes and groans, some still as a result of lingering spasms from the loss of control, but primarily consisted of sobs that she couldn't keep in. She tried, tried to take deep breaths to calm herself down, but the way they kept getting interrupted by said grunts, it was a pitiful sound that couldn't be mistaken for anything other than deep wailing. 

Something that was only exacerbated as her eyes welled up and tears dripped down her cheeks, mixing with the sweat and condensation from the rising steam of her boiling urine puddle already on her face. Whatever strength she still had began leaking out as well, and she hunched forward. She would have collapsed into her collected pee, were it not for her hands bracing the ground and holding her up. Placed directly in the pee, robbing her of the ability to wipe her face and sending the biggest waves as they touched down, compared to the ripples from her falling tears and continuously flowing tinkle. 

Not to say the force of her going was minimal, because it was far from that, she was positively spraying in her shorts. And as her panties were fully saturated, they made for a far harder collision than clean underwear, like a waterfall hitting a lake. Despite the minuscule gap between her underwear and her privates, she could hear the splashing and crashing in her pants, and feel the backspray against her folds and the vibrations of her tight smallclothes through the wiggling elasticity pressing against her waist. Even her innards cramped from the flood pushing through, and her bladder still ached, unable to relax from being stretched so far. 

It seemed it would stay that way for a while yet, too, because it kept prodding her even as the noise from her bottoms decreased, as the undulations in the puddle shrunk. It took a long time for them to come to a complete stop, however. But, eventually, even that came to a pass, and the constant flowing stream across her girlhood finally ceased. And, yet, Morgan didn't feel empty, and she knew exactly why. Even after so much came out, I still have a bit left in me. Not a lot, but I can feel it all the same, and I'm pretty tired of holding my pee. Is there even a point in holding it? 

While there might have been a debate to be had on the subject, weighing closure with pride, her body made the decision for her. Just as the temperature across her crotch started to drop a degree, it shot back up as it was coated with a reinforcement of fresh urine, one that wasn't letting up. It wasn't a lot, but it also wasn't just a squirt either. Morgan occasionally took a "safety pee" before the Shepherds set off on a march, the kind where she popped a squat despite feeling nothing major and squeezed her bladder dry, releasing a mild amount to ensure she could last as long as possible in the immediate future. But that was only a measure she took when it had been at least a few hours since she last relieved herself, not seconds after draining a river, yet she managed a similar amount. At least now she could say, without a shadow of a doubt, that every drop of pee had escaped her. 

Yet her bladder still throbbed, her nether regions still twitched, and her mind still seemed to hang just out of her grasp. The many roads of thought that often circled in her head were now dark, impossible to see through the veil, leaving only what was directly in her line of sight as her entire world. And, still tapped out, her head hanging limp, that view consisted wholly of the ground beneath her spread legs, the earth that presented the last dregs of the massive show she had only just unleashed, sinking out of sight into the plains. 

But the tale her clothes told would not be silenced so quickly. As her feet shifted, the droplets that were barely clinging to her boots dripped off. The small visible strip of pink stockings, or at least the inner half, were drenched and sparkling. The gentle winds caused her ribbons to ripple, yet the tails, weighed down by water seeped into its threads, could not be budged. The delicate garter straps that reached down her thighs were actually relatively spared, due in no small part to their placement on the fronts of her legs instead of the insides. 

The same could not be said for her shorts. It wasn't like Morgan hadn't seen them with a wet patch on them; sometimes, she leaked more than expected and it showed. But, legitimately, she couldn't remember a time it was this bad. Which, sure, wasn't saying much with Morgan. Though, it wasn't like she'd had an accident or two since arriving in this time, and even then, this one just spread so far. Between the peeing itself and the puddle, practically every inch of them was saturated straight through, everything but the belt. And the way it stuck to her butt, freeing and resticking with every small movement from breathing, told her the same was true on her bottom end. Not that she had too many spares, but it was hard to imagine she could ever wear this pair again without feeling gross. 

And yet, the coat draped over her lap was fine. At least, as fine as it was when she picked it up. I... I did it, Father... I protected it... Again, tears began forming in the corners of her eyes, but this time, it was met with a smile. A gentle, tired, yet proud smile, the kind that told her she didn't fight for nothing. As her eyes closed, she pulled that warm, black coat to her face, and buried her cheek in it. Sure, she could smell the pungent urine, but there was a lot more coming off of it than just that, and just the proximity comforted her like a security blanket. As she would occasionally use it some nights. Yes, everything Father is is in this, and I promise to always keep it close. Those connections, I'll never forget. 

Though, one thing did slip her mind briefly: Oh, that's right. Father would wish for me to play my part in winning this battle. I must be so far behind the plan by now! He must be at least a little peeved with me. Well, it's been some time since I've been on the receiving end of one of his lectures. Hopefully, he'll at least be understanding as to why it played out this way. It can't be considered my fault, at least not all the way, can it? No, it was my mistake not speaking up before the battle began, and for abandoning my role as a result. This was my failure. 

At least a way for her to redeem herself popped up just as she was feeling down, as a few Risen soldiers had been taking advantage of her distraction, slowly surrounding her and just now moving in for the kill. Unfortunately for them, Morgan wasn't a good target for that, and now wasn't a good time to try it. As she stood up, the Dragonstone in her pocket swung and slapped her thigh. Maybe her blood was thinner in manakete than her sister's, but Morgan didn't succumb to the urge to destroy as frequently as Nah did. Today was an exception. "Dragon RAGE!" 

###

The Shepherds came out victorious, and the Risen were successfully routed. The fliers gathered all the scattered troops and instructed them all to rendezvous up north. Morgan heard the order and headed out, though as her comrades came into focus, she took a rudimentary count and noted that she was the last to arrive. Admittedly, she had hesitated, seriously debating whether to wash her shorts off first, but ultimately decided against it. While she certainly wasn't the most shameful of the Shepherds, going bottomless in an open field, even at a distance, was asking a lot. And even then, she was beginning to regret the decision. These panties feel so bad. Were I wearing a dress like Nah, were it so easy, I'd drop them, no question. I need to start wearing looser clothes, like pants or a skirt, at least something that fits me. 

As a result, she was fully prepared for the odd, judgmental stares as she joined up, the way their expressions would fall as they registered her obvious accident. It would be very easy to picture the face, in fact, because she would don it herself as the group became clear. Everywhere she looked, she saw Cordelia's shimmering legs as she wiped down the saddle of her pegasus, and Olivia's white dancing garb yellowed and dirty. Even Nowi, her own mother, gave her a happy "we match", for her own shorts were soaked through just the same. So many of them wet their pants? I guess that adds up, none of us got a break today, Cherche showed me I wasn't the only one desperate, it's just... I wouldn't have expected them all to actually lose control. 

While she did want to have a conversation with Robin over the whole ordeal, now didn't feel like the right time. I'd be far more able to speak my piece in fresh pants. So, instead, as the troop marched out, Morgan kept it slow and hung back to bring up the rear, right alongside her sister, Nah. Ever since Morgan had shown up after the skirmish, her big sis had kept staring at her. For what purpose, she couldn't say. 

Wait, has this happened before? No, not exactly this, but the opposite. Nah had an accident, and I made it. Yes, and I took pleasure in that. That would explain her behavior. I'd wager she's been waiting for something like this. I should probably apologize... No, it wouldn't mean anything now. Just take it, that's all I can really do. "Go ahead and laugh." 

"What, just because yours was more obvious?" 

"I think that's a fine reason to... 'More obvious'?" 

They had already been walking slowly, but Nah came to a complete halt, forcing Morgan to do the same to not trail the conversation off. There was a period of awkward silence, while Nah waited for their comrades to walk out of earshot with no hint of looking back. 

Once she was satisfied with the distance, she showed Morgan what she meant by swinging her purse, previously conspicuously placed in front of the hem of her dress, under her arm. And indeed, the white skirt had a messy splotch of yellow smack dab in the center. It wasn't just a leak, either, because Nah lifted it up afterwards to truly show the extent of her own damage. Her own white panties were also drenched, maybe not as bad as Morgan's, she hadn't checked, but bad all the same. "Guess things are tough all around for us girls," she shrugged as she dropped her dress back down. 

She wasn't asking to see her sister's underwear, but the sight eased her worries regardless. Just the knowledge that she wasn't alone, whatever the context, was comforting. "Thank you, Nah. This will be a fun new memory." 

"You can keep it. I have enough of these. This used to happen to us both all the time." 

"Really? I peed my pants that often?" 

"I hate to admit it, but yes. I was really hoping I'd grow out of it eventually, but seeing Mother, I'm not so sure anymore. Now, come on, before they start wondering where we disappeared to." Nah took the lead, with Morgan following behind, both with a slow and stiff gait, whatever reduced the rubbing of wet undergarments against their sensitive regions. 

Yet even that wasn't keeping Morgan's mood down so much anymore. Most would see it as an unequivocal failure, but all three manaketes in the family had wet themselves today, and that was reassuring. We're all so alike! If I have that as a starting point, I'm sure to remember more about them, the good and the bad! Hee hee, Nah's going to be mad when I can remember all her embarrassing moments! Already, her heart lightened, and the mass of shame in her stomach dissipated. Leaving only one other feeling. I think I need to pee again. 
