Learned a New Skill: Relief (Fire Emblem Awakening)

Author: Captain L

*008*2017-09-05 11:20

Author's note: Nowi? Understandable, I had been talking about how much I loved her. Morgan and Nah? Reasonable continuation. Lucina? Popular character. This one comes totally out of left field, I only came up with the idea while deciding I couldn't do anything with this. With MasterXploder's help on editing, I've proven myself wrong. That'll show me.

###

Every time the Shepherds stopped and set up camp, within minutes, there would be a melodic humming that was heard all throughout the clearing. Consistently, the sound was Anna, engaging in one of her favorite pastimes: setting up shop. No one knew how the trickster did it, but she managed to cart around a stall and wares with her wherever the team went. On one hand, it was convenient to always have weapons and items available wherever they were from a trustworthy merchant, but at the same time, Anna didn't believe in a team discount.

Still, she was a shopkeep there to serve whenever needed, and was a force on the battlefield as well, so they humored her entrepreneurial tendencies. And at the moment, Robin was approaching her store. Despite having her back turned arranging the shelves, Anna's sixth sense always told her when a customer was nearby, and she faced the tactician with a smile. "What can I do ya for, Robin?"

He unsheathed a weapon from the scabbard on his back, laying it flat on the wooden board before him. "My sword's starting to crack again. I love the power of silver, but the durability goes downhill fast."

"I think you'd do better with a Levin Sword, and it just so happens I have one in stock!" She reached under the counter and pulled out the jagged blade.

"Hm, maybe...I've used one before when an enemy dropped it, but it didn't impress me. I've already got magic for range, the sword is pretty strictly for close-range combat. Then again, it was pretty powerful..." His mumbling grew quieter as he began considering "magic stats" and "growth potential", until he hit something in his rambling that broke him out of it, and he looked at the broker again, suspiciously. "If you're suggesting it, I can assume it's markedly more expensive?"

Anna winked and put her index finger on the edge of her mouth, a trademark pose she always pulled whenever someone questioned her methods. "Of course! I'm trying to make a living here!"

"Alright, I've got a question for you. The Shepherds are working to save the world, the very same world you live in, how can you morally justify charging us for your services at all? What if we fall in battle because we weren't able to arm ourselves with proper weapons?"

Anna rolled her eyes, with the number of teammates she had, this was not the first time she had heard this line of reasoning. "Then I've got a question for you too, smarty. Say I suddenly make everything free of charge for you heroes, what force is there to stop you from taking all my wares, besides 'honor'? Without any profits, I'm paying for restocks out of pocket, and selling out immediately after receiving. Afterwards, you win and the world is saved. I'm now out of product and without money. Whether you succeed or fail, I lose."

"But is that so bad? Money isn't the only thing that matters in this world."

"What?!" The red-haired vendor reeled back in pure offense. "How is money not the driving force of the world? It buys food, housing, clothing, and, for the right price with the right people, life, death, and sex. Every one of humanity's necessities is locked behind gold, which makes it the most important factor to survival."

"I feel like one of those doesn't match your point. Very well, but nothing stops those capable from living off the land, feeding off game and wild fruit, drinking from rivers, and building shelter from branches and moss. It's no natural law that everything has monetary cost."

"Only because we haven't found a way to charge for it yet. I guarantee you, once we can put a price on air, we will."

"If I'm being honest, you're scaring me. The idea that life will only belong to the rich one day? I don't want to believe it, if only for my own sanity. I choose to think the essentials will always be free to those willing to work for it."

Anna laid her elbow on the wooden bar that separated the two, and bent over to place her chin in her outstretched palm. "Aw, that's nice. Guess what? Your sword isn't an 'essential'. 800 gold."

Robin sighed, exasperatingly reaching into his pocket and pulling out his money pouch. "Fine. But don't think I'm finished attempting to change your mind." He placed a handful of coins in front of her, and walked away.

Counting the gold, the satisfied merchant called back to her customer. "Better men have tried!"

Frankly, that conversation gave Robin a lot to think about. Mostly about the nature of human morality, whether they as a species were corrupt enough to truly attempt monetizing bodily needs just because they could. But that was a thesis for later, his current concern was much smaller in scope. "There has to be a way to convince Anna her materialistic outlook is naive."

Anna was the kind of girl that believed in nothing more than gold and actions. Despite how handily he would win, a wordy debate would do nothing to convince her of anything. She needed some event to impart a moral. Somehow, Robin doubted a suitable circumstance would occur naturally, which meant he needed to set it up somehow. He racked his brain coming up with a proper scenario, but fell short, with every plan missing a few steps.

That is, until his aimless wandering halfway across the camp put him in front of the Shepherds' master of hexes and curses, Tharja. Suddenly, the final piece of the puzzle was in place. Robin's face contorted into a sinister grin as he approached the dark mage, not realizing his new expression matched her crazy demeanor. "Tharja, can you do me a favor?"

Upon hearing the tactician's voice, the sorceress stopped everything she was doing to place all her attention on him. "I will do anything you ask of me, Robin, my love."

"...I'll just ignore that last part. I know you can place hexes on people, but can you do the same to inanimate objects?"

"The only reason I don't do inanimate curses is because they're too easy. And it's much more fun to watch a person suffer."

"I'll ignore that last part again," Robin offered, starting to be a little creeped out by Tharja, as most usually were. "I've got a specific plan in mind, and I need your help to make it work."

###

The day was coming to a close, and of course Anna was still manning the store. Though, with nothing to do, she was passing the time by polishing her personal sword. Despite making no noise, the merchant still looked up as Tharja approached the stand. "Sorry, I don't have much in terms of dark magic tomes, and it'd take more than you're worth to afford my services as test subject."

"Robin's busy, he asked me to pick up his sword."

Ordinarily, Anna's policy was that only the customer could retrieve their goods, but she was aware that Tharja and Robin knew each other. "Alright, give me a second." She knelt to the ground, digging through various items, until she pulled the silver sword out and placed it on the counter. True to her reputation, the weapon was shining, it looked new.

With her typical sinister eyes, Tharja reached for the sword, with Anna still touching the smooth metal. As soon as the mage's fingers brushed against the silver, the shopkeeper felt a shock go up her arm, as she recoiled back in surprise with a yelp. Static electricity, perhaps? It was a plausible explanation, but one could never be too careful when this woman was involved, she was scary holding up the weapon now. Maybe it was good she didn't wield blades, she always looked like she'd stab you in the back when she held one. As she walked away, Anna couldn't help but feel there'd be a few less Shepherds by the time Tharja gave up the sword.

"What did she do to me," she wondered aloud. There was no question that she had been cursed with something, the concern was what the effect would be. So far, she didn't feel any different, same as always.

Okay, maybe there was some feeling less than ideal in her body. "Man, I should really close the shop every once in a while. I need to take a leak." It was unlikely this was the grand curse, she had been running the stand long enough that it was perfectly reasonable she'd need to pee now.

Well, it wasn't getting any better sitting around, so she hung a small sign over the counter reading "closed". It pained her to step away and lose potential sales, but she was only human. But she wasn't going to abandon her goods for long, with some of the Shepherds' being notoriously "less than honest". With the wide back wall, her place of business also doubled as excellent cover to do her business. With no one looking, not that she considered this such a private action, she took the chance and ducked behind the barrier.

In the shade, Anna was more than ready to provide some precipitation to the soil. She pulled the pin on her belt out of the hole keeping it tight around her waist, the two ends flapping against the fronts of her legs. She gripped the handle to her zipper between her thumb and index fingers, and gently pushed to bring the connector down to the bottom of its track. Unfortunately, the force accomplished nothing, as the grip didn't budge.

"Hate when this happens," she mumbled. This wasn't the first time her pants had refused to come down, though they never stayed stuck for long. She doubled down, pressed her fingers closed until the zipper was leaving an indentation in her skin, and thrust her hand down with all her strength. Once again, she had nothing to show for it, aside from hurting her shoulder when her hand slipped off and flew down, almost to her feet.

"Crap!" No zipper had ever resisted Anna's full-force pull before, and repeated, frantic tugs were doing no more good. She started crossing her legs, a bad sign if she had no way to undress. Her pants were specifically tight and form-fitting, in order to show off more of her "assets" and entice customers to return to her in the future. Therefore, there was no chance they would come off unless they were loosened, something she had no idea how to do now, and not much time to figure it out before her body did what it needed to, without her consent.

Wiggling her butt violently, with nothing else she could do, Anna finally realized what had happened. This was Tharja's curse, making her zipper immovable. Noticeably tamer than her usual work, granted, but it was hard to look on the bright side with a bladder so full, it hurt. "I am going to make her pay! And I'm not talking about collecting a tab!" While it was difficult to accept that she had entered nature's bathroom and was leaving without accomplishing anything, she took a deep breath, sucked it up, and marched off to find the mage that blighted her.

Nothing would stop her anger, but there was one elusive question eating away at her. "Why would Tharja do this?" Yes, she'd test her spells on unsuspecting comrades, but she never even toyed with spells this simple. She had to have a plan in mind or this would just be a waste. Anna could figure this out, Tharja was predictable, not like Robin.

"Robin..." That's right, Tharja had outright said she was on a task from the tactician. It was still possible she had taken the request to kill two wyverns with one Elwind, but the pieces were fitting together much better with the assumption Robin was the mastermind. After all, the last they had seen of each other was an argument, a jesting one to be sure, but still some kind of bad terms. Perhaps this was Robin's way of teaching a lesson. She had to hope this wasn't the way he treated his children.

Regardless, Anna wasn't going to let this slide. She was going to find the one that put her in such a painful predicament, tell him off, and get her money's worth out of it. And it just so happened, the man himself passed right in front of her. "Hey!" Hearing the call, Robin correctly assumed it was for him, and he faced the woman he had wronged, who was not letting up on the accusation. "I'll give you a chance to explain what you did to me, but watch your words carefully!"

Despite her hard adherence to personal code, Anna was usually quite affable, so this boiling frustration was a stark contrast. He knew he was facing his due comeuppance, but Robin wasn't done with his scheme. He shrugged and shook his head. "I'm just putting what you said into practice. You need to pay to pee." He held out a palm and gestured his fingers towards himself. "20 gold."

"Fine." She reached into her pocket and pulled out exact change, holding the coins out in front of her. "Here you go."

Robin had no idea how to respond to that. He didn't take the money, just stared at Anna, confused. "You're...really going to pay me? Over something this stupid?"

"I know what I said earlier, and I'm not a hypocrite. If you want to be brave enough to take this gamble, make every one of the Shepherds your enemy, charging for something that used to be free, I'll respect your capitalistic endeavor. It's up to you to decide whether you can afford to take that plunge."

"Whether I can afford it? What about you? You're the one that has to pay."

"And your rate is 20 gold. That's chump change. All I have to do is make more than 60 gold per day, and I'm still turning a profit."

"But..." Robin was dumbfounded, he wasn't expecting this plan to go so...right. "That's not how this is supposed to work! You're supposed to realize what you were claiming before was wrong, apologize, and I dispel the curse now that you've learned your lesson!"

"Maybe in those fairy tale stories you read to your kids at bedtime..."

"How young do you think my children are?"

"...but that's not how real business works. Speaking of, I've got your fee, so hurry up and let me take my pants off, before I'll have wasted my money." Either to accentuate the point or just coincidentally, Anna began stepping rapidly in place, repeatedly balling her hands into fists at her sides and stretching them out, carefully keeping all twenty coins in her palm.

The tactician had no idea if his plan had worked or failed, a nearly impossible conundrum, it could very well be either depending on how deep one wished to look. He had no intention of taking any money from Anna, but she wouldn't learn anything if she got away scot-free, so he closed the distance between the two and let her drop the metal coins into his grasp. It was really the only way to salvage anything out of this. "Very well. Tharja!"

Tharja poked her head out from behind a nearby tree, it would have looked perfectly staged if Robin didn't jump in surprise at her presence. He only regained his composure as Tharja sulked over to the two of them. "Will you please remove the curse?"

"You never said anything about removing it manually."

"I'm sure I did. Does it matter anyway?"

"I set up this hex to only dispel on its own, after a few hours."

"What?!" Just hearing that created another spike in Anna's bladder, one that forced her trembling legs together, and her wrists to press hard against the zipper causing her current agony. "I can't hold it that long!"

Robin turned to Tharja, with a concerned look on his face. "There's really nothing you can do?" Tharja looked at him blankly, and he sighed. "I'm so sorry, Anna. This is my fault." He held his hand out and open, offering the gold coins. "You can have this back."

"Really? You offer refunds?" She was in pain, angry and not in a good mood, but that action somehow still made her giggle. An action she soon regretted, as the laughter shook her body in ways she really didn't want, it was enough stress to temporarily overpower her, and a tiny bit of urine found its way into her underwear. "Eep!" With that unpleasant feeling, she gripped between her legs as hard as she could, tapping one of her feet rapidly.

"So, what are you going to do," Robin asked.

"Well, it's looking pretty impossible, but I'm not just giving up. Who knows, maybe the delivery will arrive just in time." She gave a coy smile, but the rest of her face was on the verge of tears. She wasn't fooling anyone, she had no faith in her own ability anymore. But if she was going to put on a brave face, that was her business. The question was, how long could her stone wall facade last?

As it turned out, not very long at all. Once the conversation had ended, and Anna collected her gold, the merchant hobbled back to her shop, thankfully without anyone around to see her. She was no longer in the right state of mind to run the store, she couldn't even properly distract herself without seriously risking cutting her remaining time. Instead of climbing back behind the counter, she simply leaned on the wall behind the shack, doing everything in her power to hold herself. It wasn't helping much, each passing moment making her feel closer to bursting.

Very few would have the fortitude to even last this long, most would rather wet their pants by now instead of deal with this pain. Anna was waiting it out, if only because she had nothing else to do, but also because of the small glimmer that she could actually hold it out. There was no clear idea of exactly how long before the curse wore off, so maybe she had endured for hours now and it was only a few more minutes. Doing nothing also masked the time she had already spent suffering, it felt far longer than reality. The fact that her panties were incredibly wet also didn't help, not just because it was uncomfortable, but because it meant she was leaking at a frequency not possible unless she was right on the brink, a possibility she didn't want to believe.

She'd need to accept it soon, however, because it was happening. And she had only lasted fifteen minutes, not that she knew. The constant poundings of her bladder were like the drums of war, signaling the onslaught her pants were about to receive, and she no longer had the strength to resist. The constant dribbles elevated into a steady stream that soaked through her underwear in a second, spreading across the crotch and down the legs of her dark red pants. In the blink of an eye, her lower half was drenched.

"Damn." That was the only word she could say, not just because it easily described her disdain in one simple word, but it was the only coherent sentence she was able to manage. Every other thought was taken up by pure, unfettered relief. Everything she had contained up until now, that had caused her so much misery, was flooding out in a concentrated surge. No way around it, to a girl not so easily ashamed, this felt amazing.

Well, it was a little embarrassing, that's why she had even bothered holding off this long. Of course Anna would have been happier if she could get her pants off in time and squat, very few wanted to pee themselves, this was still a failure in a sense. It was just that she was a woman without any high standards to hold herself to. She had an accident, nothing could change that, but it didn't diminish her self-worth in any way. Besides the physical unpleasantness, the mental worry was only enough to break a blush on her cheeks.

Just enjoying the good of the moment, and further proving her inability to recognize time passing, it felt near instantaneous before she emptied, when it was over a minute in reality. In her perception, she spent longer gasping for breath after it was over, her first full thought in quite some time only came out following that. "Wow...wow, I was really bursting." Reaffirming something she knew, she had experienced it, but the giant puddle that had yet to seep into the dirt beneath her boots was fantastic visual proof.

Anna tried pulling her zipper again, just out of curiosity, she'd feel awful if it turned out it was freed once more. Thankfully, in a sense, it was still unmovable, she had done the best she could. "Yeah, I wasn't making that. It was worth peeing myself." The afterglow of intense desperation ending was sublime, the merchant felt nothing but happiness despite a totally drenched ass, crotch, and legs, basically all her lady advantages were tainted.

That's right, she was supposed to be angry at Robin, for putting her in a situation where she had no choice but to wet her pants, that was humiliating. Still, Anna was not a high-strung girl, it hadn't cost her anything besides some now-gone bladder pain and some mildly inconvenient soaking. She could wash her clothes and all this would be behind her, no real loss. Of course, that meant no gain either, so it was a waste of time, and time is money. She could be frustrated by that, unless it turned out there was a way to repackage this into something positive. "That's it!"

###

Hours had passed, nighttime had fallen, and while most of the Shepherds were hanging around the campfire, Robin was looking for Anna. He had something he wanted to say to her for a while now, get it off his chest, but he had no idea how to approach her now. He had only just worked up the courage to confront her, though the fact that she was still in the home territory of her shop was a little intimidating, with only a lantern to illuminate her in the darkness. It was only enough light to see that she had discovered the hex's dissipation, and had changed pants. "Listen, Anna...I don't know how to properly apologize for what I've done. I only hope you can find it in you to forgive me, but I understand if you can't. I'll do whatever I need to make it up to you."

The fact that Anna hadn't acknowledged Robin was worrying, to say the least, but she responded while poking around in her stall. "I'm not mad, Robin. Though I hope you learned a lesson from all this."

"Yeah. Don't try and charge for human needs." It took him too long to realize what his point was, with the only excuse being he was distracted, he only objected a few seconds later. "Wait, that's what my point already was! I just proved myself right!"

"Eh, it didn't mean anything anyway," she dismissed. "Besides, I got a good new product out of it!" She reached below the counter and pulled out the aforementioned item. It took a second for Robin to identify it, probably because he didn't want to believe it, but there was no doubt: they were Anna's panties, stretched out to full view with her thumbs pulling on the waistbands. They were red and black, frilly, low-cut, and most strikingly, soaking wet. "Thanks for the idea."

"Don't be crediting me for this. What in Naga's name is your drenched underwear supposed to accomplish?"

"Once word spreads, this'll be a hot commodity! The panties used by a woman as attractive as me? And since you inspired it, I'll give you a deal. Half off. 10,000 gold."

"Ten-thousand is half off?! How can you expect to sell anything with a price that ludicrous?!"

"You were pretty celibate before getting married, so I don't blame you for not knowing, but sexual items like this are worth a whole lot. There are a lot of rich men with no means of release that'll pay prices like that. Or those with less money that will save up for this. That's why it's important they're wet, it makes them more special. Kinky stuff like this is harder to find." She winked and stuck her tongue out a little to the side of her mouth.

"So you admit you're trying to sell me something inherently sexual? Tiki's already threatened to eat you, do you want a second dragon on that list?"

"Don't forget, I'm not angry, but you still owe me. 'I'll do whatever I need to make it up to you', I believe were your exact words."

Robin threw his arms up in defeat. "I give up. There's no point bargaining with you. Forget I said anything about being sorry." He walked away, dejected and a little unclean, but nothing was dampening Anna's spirits. All she needed to do was make this item known in shadier markets, and she'd be positively swimming in gold.

*010*2017-12-13 23:37

Author's note: Thanks to MasterXploder for proofreading.

###

The middle of the night, under the dim light of the barely-present moon, a time when no one should be awake. This applied to the Shepherds as well, the whole army was deep in slumber, resting to reserve energy for tomorrow's march, and probable battles. That is, except for one girl, stirring in her tent. She was Morgan, the half-manakete child of the Shepherd's tactician and his wife, back from the future. Somehow, neither the presence of a dragon nor a time-traveler was unusual here. And, most prominently at the moment, she was not awake by choice.

Morgan tossed and turned in her sleeping bag, eyes forced shut and trying her hardest to fall back asleep. It wasn't working, however, and she had to declare what was bothering her, no one conscious to listen. "Nn, I really can't hold it any longer..." Maybe she had an extra drink or two before turning in for the night, or just neglected to duck out during the evening, whatever the reason, she had to pee, and soon.

Problem was, it was some insanely early hour of the morning, it was really dark out. Going out alone in those conditions, even if she wouldn't be wandering far, was not a smart thing to do. And...maybe she was a little afraid, just a bit. Of the girls she shared a tent with, she wasn't comfortable asking any of them to do a midnight potty run with her. That's where she was now, building up the courage to run to one of the other tents, since she couldn't ignore this need.

"Ah, I don't have the time!" If she didn't go for it, she'd be cleaning up a big puddle. Sliding out of her sleeping bag, one hand firmly gripping her crotch, Morgan dashed through the flaps into the cool open air, chilling her mostly exposed skin. Ordinarily, she would never go out in the open at her level of undress, just a shirt and panties, but now, she was on too much of a mission to really notice. At least she knew right where she needed to go, one specific tent locked in her mind. Unfortunately, she couldn't run to it, she couldn't see it in the dark. She needed to wait for her eyesight to adjust, taking from the very few minutes she had. All the while, she made various grunting noises, dancing in place as she cradled her right hand between her thighs rubbing together.

Eventually, she could see well enough to at least make out the outline of her destination, and that's all she needed to bolt for it, bending over to crawl through the opening flaps, into the canvas coverings. It was still a little difficult to see, but despite her amnesia, Morgan couldn't mistake the woman she was looking for, with her small stature and messy, long green hair, that was Nowi. "Mother! Mother," she called in hushed whispers, getting on her knees and shaking the sleeping little manakete. Morgan counted her lucky stars that her mother was actually here, instead of in a private tent with her father that she would dare not disturb.

"Uuu, Morgan," she slurred, eyes straining to open, her daughter pleading her to hurry up. It took almost a full minute for Nowi's purple eyes to look Morgan in the face, still glassed over and dim. "What is it, sweetie? Did you have a bad dream too?"

"No! I need you to come with me so I can use the bathroom! Please!" Her prodding grew fiercer, practically pulling her mother from beneath her blanket.

"A-alright, alright." Nowi slowly sat up, rubbing her eyes and yawning. "Can you give me a minute to get dressed?"

"I can't wait that long! I promise, no one else will see you!"

"That urgent? Okay, I get it." Nowi slid out into the open, dressed in nothing but the bare minimums to cover her essentials, stumbling to her feet. No sense putting everything on just to take it all off. "Let's go," she pointed with her outstretched thumb, Morgan practically leaping at the direction.

But, the universe just had to hold her up, because she was fated to have an accident or something. The girl sleeping next to Nowi started getting up, stretching her arms and loudly yawning. That was Nah, Nowi's other daughter, and Morgan's older sister, despite appearances. "Are you two going to the bathroom," she asked, a surprising amount of energy for someone just woken up. "Guess I might as well g-go, too."

"Sure, that's okay," Nowi approved. "Just hurry, for Morgan's sake." With her mother's permission, Nah got up, much less lethargic than the rest of her family. She had no need to put any extra clothes on, she went to sleep in her normal dress, just missing the cape and stockings. With all three up and ready, Morgan in particular unable to wait, the manakete girls left the tent, into nature's wilds.

The clearing the Shepherds were using as their campgrounds was surrounded by dense forest on all sides, so there was no question about which direction the three needed to head, the only concern was distance, just common courtesy. And, Morgan was having a hard enough time handling just that. She was a tough girl, even if she didn't always act like it, she didn't just get up to pee because she didn't feel like holding it any longer. She needed to go incredibly bad, and her composure was failing fast. A patch of warmth was rapidly growing between her legs, and it wasn't stopping. "Okay, we're far enough!"

"I don't know, we're still pretty close," Nowi observed. "We should probably move a little...oh, I get it. Yeah, here's fine." Those were the words Morgan was begging to hear, though she would have proceeded regardless. She threw her white panties to the ground and kicked them away, not that there was much point anymore, they couldn't get much wetter. In a single second, she was squatting close to the ground, unleashing a gushing flood of pee, forcing the loose dirt at the point of impact away.

"Guuuh, mmmm," she moaned, along with various other incomprehensible sighs. All that agony, the torture of waiting far too long, washing away in a torrent, with a little splashing back onto her ankles. "Amazing" wasn't even strong enough vocabulary to describe the sensation, and she was not in a position to carefully consider appropriate wording. Between her own utterances, and the waterfall crashing only a couple feet from her ears, it was safe to say her world would not stretch beyond her tiny radius until she finished.

"Agh!" Well, that's what she thought, but that one didn't come from her. That shout was Nah, a good distance from her, still audible amidst the din of Morgan's leak. It must have been serious for her to be that loud. Were they being attacked, and was it bandits, animals, or Risen? She trusted her mother and sister to be able to handle whatever it was, but it was still a worrying situation.

Turns out, there was nothing to be scared of. Following her sister's outburst, the only sound coming from that direction was the frantic rustling of clothing, and the crash of running water. Right, Nah did say she was going to go, and she got right on that. But, her exact words were "might as well go", and that roaring spray begged to differ. Morgan knew, for a fact, her sister could not comfortably hold something that strong, this was the typical noise for "Nah dying to go".

And what a noise it was, somehow audible over Morgan's desperate pee, an amazing feat considering the volume the junior sibling was pushing. It simply wasn't possible that Nah wasn't about to have her own giant accident, unless she was forcing this pee out so she could return to bed faster.

That would have been an acceptable explanation, if she wasn't still going by the time Morgan reached her tail end. Now she was sure, it wasn't possible that Nah didn't almost burst. If anything, given her slightly smaller stature, she should have been more desperate than her little sister, who already half peed herself. "What...what is she doing," Morgan asked to herself, in between lingering pants of her own pleasure that still hadn't faded.

Only when her raging rapids started to calm did that hazy sense diminish, leaving her one final sigh. "I'm never waiting that long again," she moaned, feeling around for a leaf to wipe herself with.

"Ooh, that just sounded bad. You know, it's unhealthy to hold in that much when you don't need to," Nowi advised, reminding Morgan that her mother was here with them, having been too preoccupied thinking about her sister, in the limited room for thought she had for a solid minute. At least that was over, both her and Nah's reserves had dried up from the sounds of it.

Yet, somehow, there was still the echoing sound of running water. That couldn't be Nah still going...could it? "Mm, that's nice." Oh yeah, Nowi could also be going, though she didn't really need to. In comparison to her daughters' handiwork, Nowi was only letting out a light little tinkle. Didn't mean it wasn't relaxing, but it was nothing to be amazed by.

Either way, finished and clean, Morgan stood up as a cold wind blew past, ruffling the girls' hair and clothes, as well as the areas lacking clothes. Feeling the chill against her unprotected private parts, she covered her nether regions and began frantically looking for the underwear she so thoughtlessly tossed away. With a little memory of how she threw it earlier, and a lot of fantastic luck, she found the white garment swiftly, picking them up and feeling the crotch in the process. "Ew...I think I really ruined these."

Taking nowhere near as long as her kids, Nowi's trickle came to an unceremonious end, she shook the few straggling drops off and pulled her panties back up to their snug resting place. "It'll be fine, Morgan. We're not far from the river, you can wash them in the morning. But for now, let's go back to bed, before we catch a cold. Don't step in the puddles on your way back!" She waited for her girls to catch up before walking back herself, taking the chance to lean in towards Morgan and whisper. "I won't tell anyone how close that was for you."

"T-thank you, Mother." Though she didn't remember Nowi from her future, their interactions in the present had convinced Morgan that her mother was a woman of her word. She was a goof-off, but very reliable and trustworthy. She couldn't resist giving a quick hug to mom before they split to their respective tents before anyone could see them half-nude, Morgan especially.

In the darkness, Nah was able to stay behind without detection, sliding her fingers against the crotch of her own, very wet underwear. "I really can't believe I managed that," she shuddered, from the gross sensation of the touch, and from the sensitive area she was stroking beneath. Morgan's secret suspicions were correct, Nah was filled to the brim with urine. She was suffering with the same predicament before her sister came in, desperate and unable to sleep, but she couldn't ask for Nowi's assistance either.

There was no room for embarrassment about needing to pee in an army, not when the women all gathered to do their business multiple times a day, Nah wasn't shy about that. It was simply a fear of inadequacy. She was one of the smallest girls in the Shepherds, a size that had a noticeable impact on her holding capacity. But even then, the girls she was close in size to still managed better than her. Every time they stopped marching for a break, Nah was the only one that barely made it, usually leaking no small amount before she got that far. Someone must have noticed her routinely yellowed panties, she swore they were becoming permanently stained, and started talking about how weak her bladder was.

If there was one thing Nah would not stand for, it was the assumption that she was weak. That thought made her legitimately angry; if she was acting weak, it would be doing a huge disservice to the manakete heritage she held onto through discrimination and abuse. If she couldn't be a proper manakete now, she didn't deserve that privilege, and as one of only a handful of manaketes left, she had to live up to the status. Peeing herself was not something a dragon should do, something she had already failed at once, and recently.

"Nah? Where are you," Nowi called, peeking her head out from the tent. She wouldn't even dream of feeling this way just a short while ago, but Nowi really was the image of a manakete that Nah wanted to someday reach: strong, kind, mature, intelligent (even if only when the situation really called for it), and loved.

"I-I'm coming, Mother!" That's right, she would continue to be tough, and make her race proud. If she wasn't strong yet, she'd become strong. If she couldn't hold in pee now, she'd build up to that. That was her resolve, as she joined her mom in their tent for the rest of the night.

###

Mornings were a busy time. People were preparing and eating breakfast, packing up their supplies and collapsing the tents, escaping into the woods to answer morning's call, Robin was poking his head into Nowi's tent to wake her up, and Morgan had successfully snuck to the nearby brook to rinse out her undergarments.

Meanwhile, Nah had been awake for some time now, long enough to get her chores finished. She was fully dressed, her minimal belongings were packed away, though not before heading to the river to wash out her own panties before anyone else could see her. Without anything to do while she waited for everyone else to catch up, she was sitting on a fallen tree trunk, reading a strategy book she borrowed from Morgan, though the copious handwriting in the margins certainly weren't hers. She was just one in the line to read this book, all within the family.

"I almost didn't recognize you with your hair down like that, Nah." With her focus on the pages, Nah didn't see someone approach her, but she recognized the voice. It was enough to make her put down the book to look at the one attempting to hold a conversation with her. It was the last manakete of the team, and the oldest by far, Tiki, smiling down at her. "I think it looks rather fetching."

That's right, Nah did have braiding her hair on the to-do list for the morning, but she pushed off until the sun rose, when she could see what she was doing. After that, she just...forgot, leaving its length hanging behind her. "I'm more concerned with it getting in my way like this. Braids make it much easier to manage."

"If that's the case, would you like me to prepare it for you?"

"You know how to braid hair?"

"When you've been around for as many millenia as I, you get curious about your appearance. I've experimented with many different hair styles in my past."

So, when was the last time she'd done braids? Some two thousand years ago? "I can handle it myself, thanks." Nah put the book down next to her, split the long back of her hair into halves, working the left side first, tying two strands around each other to keep them ordered and proper.

"Well, if you have no need of me, I have other matters I should attend to," Tiki excused, subtly shifting her weight from one foot to the other.

"Actually, I have a question I'd like to ask you. It's just a...little personal, if that's alright."

"You'll have to ask the question first before I can tell you if I'm able to answer."

Twiddling her locks between her fingers, without making any progress on her hairdressing, Nah's attention shifted to a caterpillar crawling through the grass by her boots. "So...when you were younger, and my size, how did you deal with...you know, having to relieve yourself all the time?"

"Ah, that's what's troubling you? It's not the easiest handicap to come to grips with, I'll admit, but the only times it ever caused me shame were due to my own stubbornness and foolishness."

"What do you mean?"

"I'd rather not go into detail, so as not to waste your time, but I had a particular incident during the time of legends that you've asked about."

"During the time of King Marth?"

"Yes, although he didn't carry that title in those days. On our travels, I would be too proud to admit when I needed to answer nature's call, which caused me much grief, as you can imagine. Once, it was much more severe."

"You...didn't make it?"

"Yes, and it such was a horrible feeling, knowing that I'd failed myself with all to see. I was so lucky that Mar-Mar was so understanding."

"Mar-Ma...er, King Marth sounds like he was a wonderful person, from all you've told me."

"It's true, he was, but he isn't the only one. I'm assuming you're asking about this topic because it concerns you as well."

A light blush spread across Nah's cheeks, bridged by the gap between her nose and mouth. "Y-yes. You've had the time to learn how to control yourself, so I was hoping you could give me advice."

"Unfortunately, good capacity is something that just happens when you grow up. But I still learned something from that incident, that I don't need to be humiliated by my own bodily functions, regardless of how lacking they may be in comparison to others. There's a special bond that those who fight alongside one another share, and as worrisome as it may seem now, I promise no one else sees it that way. They would think no less of you, should they witness an accident."

"But my father and sister already have! That's why I really don't want it to happen again!"

"And did they mock you for it?" Nah tried to say something, but couldn't think of a proper response, her head just fell. "I'm not your family, so I can't tell you what to do. How you conduct yourself is up to you, and I trust you to make a smart decision. I simply gave you insight to how I see things."

"I..." The young manakete tried to object, but once again had nothing to say. "Very well. Thank you for your time."

"You're free to talk to me anytime. However, if we're done for the moment, this conversation has only increased the urge I was on my way to relieve." Despite how she was skirting around saying it, Tiki showed little shame in pulling on her dress and dancing in a way rarely seen on adults.

Nah's eyes widened in surprise at how the eldest manakete was presenting herself, though she should have expected this lack of modesty from her. "O-oh! I won't delay you!" Attempting to escape this discussion quickly turned awkward, she hastily picked up her book and buried her face between its covers.

Not willing to wait around if there was no reason, Tiki hurried into the thicker woods behind the two, slipping into the blind spot afforded by one of the nearer trees. Nah breathed a sign of relief that this exchange was over, until she was cut off mid-breath by Tiki poking her head out from behind the trunk, her lower body still obviously squirming. "Oh! There's one more lesson you may find useful!"

"W-what?!"

"If you're that concerned about leaking and little accidents, you may want to rethink your choice in clothing! I suggest either pants to hide any spills, or having nothing to wet in the first place!"

Nah got what she was saying, though she wished she didn't. Her facial features disappeared in a sea of vibrant red. "T-that's the opposite of a solution! I'm not doing that, not ever! And not so loud!" She frantically looked around for whoever would be staring at their shouting match, only to find no eyes batted towards them. "I'm sure someone heard it," she muttered, wanting to forget the last ten seconds by going back to her book, whose words were now incomprehensible. She could still somewhat read them, but it didn't look right. "How long have I been holding this upside down?"

Meanwhile, out of view, Tiki had her back to the tree's wide girth as she squatted on her toes. The next part couldn't be any easier, she lifted the strips of cloth covering her crotch and rear, and with no other obstructions, she let her bladder relax. Immediately, a healthy, clouded stream of pee began falling from her nethers, settling in the grass between her legs. "Aaaahhhh..." Even a need such as this had a difficult time rousing the manakete from slumber, so whenever she awoke, a small tinkle break was always appreciated.

TO BE CONTINUED

