Issei, Rias and Akeno: Trapped in the Men's Room

Author: Char242

*000*2017-09-24 08:16

This High School DXD story is a continuation of my previous story "Issei, Asia, and the Beach Bathroom Incident"

It was a warm sunny day during the middle of summer vacation. The Occult Research Club was at the school’s pool for a day of relaxation. Normally the pool was closed during the break, but the Occult Research Club had been given special permission to use it by the Student Council as an apology for the beach bathroom incident that had happened towards the beginning of summer vacation.

Asia, Koneko, and Kiba, were swimming in the pool while Issei was sitting on the edge of the pool with his feet in the water. He was steering clear of everybody because he was still too embarrassed about the beach incident and that everyone, except for Asia who knew the truth, thought he had wet himself during said incident. However, he had been mainly avoiding contact with Rias most of the summer since he was still reeling from the look of disgust that Rias had given him that day at the beach.

“Couldn’t have picked a better day to this,” said a girl’s voice behind Issei. Suddenly he felt something big, squishy, and all too familiar press against his bare back. Issei turned his head to see that Rias was sitting behind him with her massive chest pressing against him. He quickly placed a hand to his nose to stop himself from bleeding into the pool

“Wha, what are you doing, Rias?” asked a flustered Issei.

Rias threw her arms around Issei and sexily whispered into his ear, “Isn’t it obvious? I’m just giving one of my underlings a bit of skinship.” Rias pulled away for a moment. “Do you not want me to do this?”

“It’s not that I don’t want to feel your bountiful fun bags on my back, but I am kind of sure that the other girls might not approve of it,” responded Issei.

“Fine,” said Rias as she got up and walked over to her towel and swim bag. She then proceeded to remove a bottle of suntan lotion from her bag, untied her dark pink bikini top and laid on her stomach. “You know Issei, you never did apply suntan lotion to my back when we were at the beach. Would you be so kind as to do it now?”

Issei couldn’t help but stare at the beautiful topless girl who was asking him to lather her bare back. He could feel his body screaming at him to go over and do it, but in the end his embarrassment and shame from the beach incident got the best of him. “I’m sorry Rias, but I gotta go to the bathroom.” With that, he ran into the men’s locker room.

Once inside, he proceeded to sit on one of the benches and put his head into his hands. “What the hell is wrong with me?” screamed Issei.

Suddenly a pair of arms shot out from behind him, grabbing him and pulling him into a tight embrace. For a moment, Issei thought that it might be Kiba trying to do one of his weird bonding moments, but then he felt something big and squishy press against his back. Then the mysterious figure spoke, “I don’t think anything is wrong with you Issei. I like you just the way you are.”

Issei turned his head and saw that the person holding him was none other than Akeno. “Wha, what are you doing in the men’s locker room, Akeno?” asked a flustered Issei.

“Why I am waiting for you silly,” responded Akeno in her mischievous tone of voice. “I figured that this is the only place where we can spend some alone time together.”

Realizing Akeno’s intentions, Issei quickly broke free from her embrace. “Sorry Akeno, but I think I should really be getting back to the others.” He turned and ran for the door. As he grabbed the door handle, he found that the door would not open. “What the hell?” screamed Issei.

“Don’t bother, Issei,” said Akeno calmly. “I placed a spell on the door so that it will only open from the outside.”

“Why the hell would you do that?” asked Issei, already dreading the answer.

Suddenly Akeno tackled Issei to the floor, 1where she then proceeded to sit on his chest and pinned his arms to the floor with surprising strength. “I did it because I didn’t want you to run away from me. Don’t worry though, we should have plenty of time before people start getting suspicious and come to check on you. So, in the meantime let’s have some fun. Also, don’t worry about being too loud. With the spell in place, nobody will be able to hear us.” She then proceeded to bend forward and playfully stuck her tongue in his ear. Issei couldn’t help but let out a moan of ecstasy.

Suddenly the door to the locker room was thrown open and an angry Rias came storming in. “I got concerned that it was taking a while for Issei to come out of the bathroom and now I see why. My only question is just what the hell do you think you’re doing, Akeno?” asked a pissed off Rias.

Issei looked up at her and yelled, “Rias, don’t let the door close!” But he was too late, the door to the locker room had shut.

“I should have known that you would do something like this Akeno,” hissed Rias. When Akeno did not initially respond to her, Rias asked, “Well, do you have anything to say for yourself?”

Akeno got off of Issei and ran over to the door, clearly panicked. “This is not good. You were not supposed to come find us until after we had our fun and now that you’re in here too, we are completely trapped.”

Issei got up from the floor and said, “Quit screwing around Akeno. I know for a fact that you can undo the spell anytime you want.”

Akeno turned to face Issei. “Actually, I can’t. The spell was cast on the door handle on the outside with the intent that it cannot be undone from the inside. Our only options are to wait until somebody finds us or we wait until the spell expires which should occur in about six hours or so.”

Rias simply laughed and said, “Actually, there is a third option. We can use our magic to blow a hole through the bathroom.” Rias proceded to blast the door with her demonic energy. However, she was immediately tackled to the floor by Akeno just as the bolt of energy hit the door, and rebounded, smashing through the wall and then into the only stall in the locker room.

“Don’t do that!” screamed Akeno. “The way the spell is set up, any magic you try to use to break the spell from the inside will be redirected right back at us.”

Realizing their hopelessness, Rias stated “I guess we have no choice but to wait for the others to come find us.” The group of three decided to sit on the bench and wait for help. Two hours passed and help had not yet arrived. Issei began squirming.

“What’s wrong?” asked Rias.

“Nature’s calling,” answered Issei.

“Then just go,” replied Akeno.

“I would if I could, but the only stall was damaged and I don’t feel comfortable using the urinal in front of the two of you,” replied Issei.

“Don’t worry about us,” replied Rias, “just go.” Akeno nodded in agreement.

Issei, realizing that this was a battle that he was not going to win, walked over to the urinal. It was the type that extended to the floor but was curved at the bottom like the ones that hang from the wall. He proceeded to pull his dick out of his swimming trunks and got in position to let loose. Moments passed but he could not seem to go. He looked down and proceeded to whisper to himself, “Come on. Just go already.” But nothing happened. Issei turned his head only to realize that Rias and Akeno were both watching him. “Could you look away please?” cried a desperate Issei. “It’s really hard to go with you two staring at me.”

“I never pegged you as the type of person to be pee shy,” teased Akeno.

Issei shot her an angry look and said “It’s not funny. I really need to go.”

“Alright. Alright,” said Akeno as she moved towards Issei. “I have a way of making you less pee shy.”

She then proceeded to walk over to the urinal right next to him. Akeno took off the bottom half of her black bikini and slung it over her shoulder. She then straddled the urinal, placed her hands on her hips, bent her knees forward, and leaned back while simultaneously thrusting her pelvis towards the urinal. Suddenly a strong yellow arch burst forth from between her legs and the sound of her piss slapping the white porcelain of the urinal filled the room. She then began letting out moans of relief and saying things like “What a relief!” and “This feels soooo goood!”

The stimulation of watching Akeno let loose into the urinal next to him was too much for Issei and he found himself becoming hard. Realizing that he would no longer be able to go, all he could do was stand there with his manhood in his hand and his head bowed in shame.

Rias was the first to realize that Akeno was only making things worse. She quietly slipped behind Issei and wrapped her arms around him. “Don’t worry Issei, I’ll help you through this,” said Rias.

Before he realized what was going on, Rias grabbed both his arms and forcibly pulled them behind his back and used one hand and the front of her body to pin them there. She then used her free hand to grab Issei’s one-eyed snake and placed her head on his shoulder so that she could have a better view.

“What are you doing?” cried an embarrassed Issei.

“I’m helping,” responded Rias.

“No, you’re just making things worse!” screamed Issei.

“Calm down Issei,” said Rias. “I’m going to use my magic to help get things flowing. For your safety, I would suggest that you try not to move around too much.

Before Issei could respond, he felt a powerful sensation hit his johnson, and reverberate towards his bladder. Suddenly the flood gates burst open, sending a yellow flood into the urinal beneath him. Issei’s body finally relaxed, and he was overcome with moans of ecstasy and relief.

“Just let all out,” whispered Rias gently into his ear as she took control of his joystick and guided the stream into the base of the urinal.

Akeno, still busy peeing, looked over at Rias and said, “I’ll give you props for taking advantage of the situation while I was too busy relieving myself, but don’t think that I will let you do something like this again.”

Rias only smiled at her and said, “Honestly I don’t know what you’re talking about Akeno.”

“Hey Rias,” said Issei.

“What is it?” responded Rias.

“My bladder is empty. Do you think you could let go now?” asked Issei as politely as he could.

Rias’s face turned red as she quickly let go of Issei. “I’m so sorry.”

As Issei adjusted his shorts, he looked at Rias and said, “Don’t worry about it. But please never do that again.”

“All right you two,” said Akeno as she finished pulling up the bottom of her bikini, “let’s head back to the bench and pretend this didn’t happen.”

And they did just that. However, another hour passed without help arriving. By this time Akeno had fallen fast asleep, and Rias had begun squirming. Issei only realized what was going on when Rias began holding her crotch and rocking back and forth.

“Why don’t you just go to the bathroom?” asked Issei.

“I would,” said Rias, “however I don’t know how to pee standing up and even if I did I don’t think my stream is strong enough to make it without making a huge mess. Plus, I don’t think trying to squat or hover would be a good idea.”

Issei, realizing that there was not much alternative said, “You know, I can help you like you helped me.”

“And just how are you going to do that?” asked Rias.

Issei’s face turned bright red and he turned his face away from her as he said, “Before I met you, I used to spend a lot of time on the internet learning things about the female body. One of the things I learned happens to be a hand technique that allows a girl to pee standing.”

“Great!” said Rias. “Can you tell me how to do it?”

Issei shook his head. “Unfortunately, I do not understand the technique well enough to explain it, but I’ve seen it enough that think that I should be able to do the technique for you.”

As soon as Issei said that, Rias covered her crotch and her face went beet red. “There is no way I am going to allow you to put your hands down there.”

“Rias, I don’t like the idea any more than you do, but we may not have much choice.”

“Fine,” said a clearly flustered Rias. “But just remember that if you try anything funny, I will never forgive you.”

Rias then proceeded to walk over to one of the urinals, and removed the bottom of her bikini. Issei walked up behind her, gently grabbing Rias’s arms, he guided her arms so that they were crossed in front of her with each of her hands gripping the opposite shoulder. He then proceeded to bend down, and using his hands to touch the backs of her inner thighs, he gently spread Ria’s legs into the proper position. He then instructed her to bend her knees forward while simultaneously leaning back and thrusting her pelvis forward.

“This next part is going to be a bit uncomfortable,” said Issei. “Are you ready?”

Rias nodded her head. “Let’s get this over with.”

Issei moved his hands towards Rias’s crotch. He then proceeded to use both his hands to spread the lips of her crotch apart. The moment he did so, he heard a high-pitched squeal come out of Rias as her whole body trembled. He immediately let go and backed away.

“Did I hurt you?” asked Issei.

Rias shook her head. “It didn’t hurt, it’s just that your hands are extremely cold.”

Issei cupped his hands together and began breathing into them and rubbing them together. He then proceeded to place his hands back on Rias’s crotch, spreading the lips once more. “Is this any better?” asked Issei.

“Much,” said Rias. In reality, she was too embarrassed to admit that the warmth of Issei’s hands on her crotch was starting to turn her on. Several minutes passed but nothing happened.

“Is something wrong?” asked Issei.

“Well, it’s just that this whole situation has got me thinking about how you have been avoiding me ever since the beach incident,” said Rias as tears began rolling down her cheeks. “You hate me, don’t you?” Suddenly Rias felt Issei’s breath on the back of her shoulder and then she felt something drip onto her shoulder. It was at that moment that she felt Issei’s body trembling. She turned her head and saw that Issei had tears in his eyes.

“That’s not true,” said Issei. “There is nothing that you could ever do to make me hate you. The reason I was avoiding you was because I was embarrassed and ashamed about the beach incident and I didn’t know how to face you. I never meant to make you feel like this. I’m so sorry Rias. Can you ever forgive me?”

Silence followed for what seemed like an eternity. As Issei began to open his mouth to say something, Rias turned her head and kissed his lips. “You’re forgiven,” she said.

And with that, her bladder gave out and a yellow geyser spewed forth from her crotch, colliding with the porcelain of the urinal, making a loud slapping sound. It didn’t take long for Rias to realize that not only were droplets beginning to run down her inner thighs, but that her piss was also starting to smell.

“Issei!” Rias screamed. “We need to stop now!”

“Why” asked Issei.

“Because I can feel drops running down my thighs which means that your hands must be getting wet too.”

“That’s no big deal,” said Issei. “I was prepared for something like this.”

“But what about the smell? You must think it’s awful.”

“I don’t think that at all,” said Issei. “After all, I think everything about you is wonderful including this smell.”

Rias blushed and averted her gaze from Issei’s. “You’re a real pervert.”

“I know,” said Issei, “but I’m you’re pervert.”

In the end, Rias was able to get most of her piss into the urinal. After she was done, she wiped off the remaining droplets and readjusted her swimsuit. Another ten minutes would pass before Kiba eventually found them. Rias, Akeno, and Issei vowed to never say what happened in the bathroom that day, while at the same time Rias and Issei agreed that they would never tell Akeno what happened while she was asleep. The secret of that day would only make Rias and Issei closer.

