The Piss Holding Contest

Author: ClosetGuy

*000*2022-08-25 15:14

Brandon, Alex, Sean, and Zach were college students sharing an apartment together. They had met freshman year in a Gen Ed English class, when they had been stuck together for a group project. The four had become friends, and for their junior year they had decided to lower their rent costs and move off campus together.

These four guys were pretty much a normal group of college boys. Brandon was a communication major (it was what he was told was easiest to get through; he was there because his parents basically told him he had to go to college), and all in all he was an average dude with sandy hair, freckled face, and a fairly fit body. Alex was an engineering major, the brains of the group. His thick glasses and brown hair that was usually slicked back only added to the image. Sean was the heartbreaker, with a toned body, red hair that was just shaggy enough to give him the don't-care image that made him irresistibly attractive. And finally, Zach was the blond-hair, blue-eyed track athlete that could eat as much as he ever wanted to but was inexplicably skinny as a rail.

In any case, these boys were your typical guys that liked to do dumb things to have fun. One Friday night, after they been screwing around playing video games for a while, Sean suddenly blurted, "Let's have a pee holding contest."

The reaction was distinct. Zach and Brandon looked at him with "What the fuck" faces, and Alex immediately said, "No way! That's fucking weird, dude." Thou dost protest too much, Brandon noted.

"Come on guys, it'll be fun. Something to shake up the monotony of playing video games every weekend night," Sean insisted.

After a bit of cajoling, Zach and Alex agreed. Brandon, for one, made sure to not be too eager. He hadn't told anyone that he had a piss holding kink, and a suggestion like this was something that only happened in his dream fantasy world. And of course he agreed with the other two, that he would go along with it. The prize for winning was determined that the loser would buy everyone dinner at Texas Roadhouse. Not a big thing, but enough that no one would duck out early.

The four piled into Zach's sedan to go to the grocery store, and picked up a suitcase of Keystone Light. Perfect to get drunk quick as well as a bladder irritant.

Once they got home, they cracked open the case and started drinking. Being college boys, they each pounded their six beers per person in less than twenty minutes. And of course belching that would wake up people in Timbuktu ensued once the carbonated beverages had entered their stomachs.

With the beer in their system, they sat on the couch to play Mario Kart while they waited for the beer to get to their bladders. Brandon was feeling drunk very quickly as he tried to keep his Kart on the tracks. He could see that the others were starting to feel it too as the shouts got louder while the racing game became less and less successful.

It didn't take long at all. Within fifteen minutes, Brandon started to feel the familiar sting at the base of his penis while he watched the others start to squirm a little. He knew he could do this. He had privately done holds before while his roommates were out, and knew his limits to perfection.

About ten minutes after this point, it was clear that no one could pay attention to the game anymore. Sean shut down the console as the four boys started concentrating on keeping their urine inside their bodies. They all took off their shirts at this point, mostly because it feels good to take your shirt off when you're drunk.

Brandon was in a state of euphoria. As quickly as the cheap beer was running through his system and making him desperate for the toilet, he was immensely excited to see his friends regressing to the state of young children, doing potty dances and grabbing at their dicks. He had to make extra sure to not show his glee at the situation.

"Holy shit. I forgot what it feels like to have to pee this bad," Sean said, while spreading his legs back and forth.

Meanwhile, Zach was beginning to take deep breaths as he fought the urges. "Jesus fuck," he said, "I thought I would be able to handle this better." Brandon noticed that Zach's skinny abdomen was beginning to show a bulge right above the waist of his jeans. Rookie move wearing jeans, dumbass, thought Brandon.

Alex, though, was faring the worst. He had absolutely zero shame squeezing his manhood as tight as he could as he was clearly extremely desperate to relieve his bladder. His eyes fixated on something over Brandon's shoulder as he massaged his dick between his fingers. Brandon could hear his fingers cracking with every move back and forth.

I'm so glad I've had practice.

The four boys cracked jokes at each other, every clearly desperate to take the focus off of their aching bladders. The Key Light had hit them all so quickly that they were unable to properly prepare for the effect that would overtake them.

"Shit. fuck." Zach was breathing hard. "It's starting to come in waves, guys." By this point his bladder was clearly protruding out of his skinny body, making him look like he was going to give birth to a tidal wave of urine. At this point Brandon knew he was in the clear. Once the contractions start, it's only a matter of time before your body wins. Brandon was in a fairly severe amount of pain, but the waves of pressure had yet to begin.

To everyone's surprise, however, Sean let suddenly let out a deep grunt as the front of his sweatpants darkened for about two seconds. Then a pause. Then for two more seconds the dark spot got bigger. And finally, Sean got almost as red as his hair as his body betrayed him. He was grunting involuntarily as he flooded his pants with urine for about thirty seconds. Brandon, meanwhile, was about to cum in his pants at the sight of this. He couldn't believe that his incredibly attractive roommate was actually peeing his pants in front of him.

Unfortunately, that made him lose focus on his own control. His brain connected the idea of someone else losing control and took it into action. Brandon felt a massive contraction on his bladder that forced him to start pissing in his shorts. Holy shit, that felt so fucking good. Feeling the urine course out of his body, down his legs, and into his socks felt like a high that no drug could possibly ever match. At this point, he said fuck it, and emptied his bladder right there on the couch. Before he knew it he was sitting in a puddle of his own piss. God, that made him so turned on.

Alex followed suit shortly. He had apparently just given up. Brandon watched intently as Alex stopped fighting and let it all out. His face looked like he was in a state of shock at the turn of events. He should be studying for his finals, yet here he was, drunk as shit and peeing his pants with his roommates. What had happened to his ideals?

Incredibly, Bladder Bulge Boy won. Brandon had now idea how his skinny roommate apparently had the biggest holding capacity of them all. Zach released pretty quickly after Alex started, with moans of relief as he let it all go.

At this point, they were all sitting in a lake of each others' intermingled piss. The faux leather couch had absorbed absolutely nothing, and there were simply four college boys, drunk as ever-loving fuck, sitting in a puddle of each other's pee. All of the sudden, Alex whipped out his rock-hard cock and started jerking it off. The others knew he could be a bit looser when he was drunk, but this was new.

Brandon hesitated. He knew he shouldn't get too excited about this, but he wanted to join so fucking bad. Fuck it, he thought, and whipped out his own boyhood and started stroking. To his surprise, Alex drunkenly reached over and started masturbating Brandon's dick. Brandon was so turned on at this point that he came immediately, pulsing semen out as his muscles spasmed against his already re-filling bladder. Holy shit, full bladder orgasms felt good. And of course, he returned the favor to Alex, who also busted his nut almost immediately upon Brandon's touch.

Sean and Zach exchanged glances. Neither of them were aware that their roommates weren't straight, but all right.

Nothing more happened with all four of them after that night, although they were in a strange way closer after this event. Brandon and Alex started dating, Brandon was glad that Alex had discovered his own piss kink. And of course, many fun nights were to follow this one...

