A wet trip and a new relationship

Author: Cocolin

*000*2024-10-29 00:16

Here is my first story on here. Hope you like it. I have always just been on this site, I’ve never really written anything like this or a story in particular before so it may not be so well written as other stories on here are.

Note: This story contains mostly sex, and I’m not sure how you and the moderators think of this. Is this something to avoid for the future or should I post a different place?

English also isn’t my first language so please excuse any grammar mistakes.

Please let me know if there is anything I can do better or something you want to se more of next

Here is the story.

Sara and William is at the beach, they’re best friends, but have always flirted with each other but they’re both too afraid to admit that they like each other

Sara is wearing a white nearly see through skirt with a white sports bra, William is only wearing some boxers, they have a pocket at the front for him to open instead of taking off his boxers when he needs to pee.

09:30 pm

William has noticed how Sara has gotten a lot quieter the last few minutes, she has constantly been wiggling back and forth and not really been paying attention to much. She definitely needs to pee, thinks William. Sara hasn’t really been in the water, she doesn’t like to have wet feet in the sand.

William: Time to go soon or?

Sara: Yeah it’s getting late, we should order a taxi

William: I’m on it.

As William takes his phone from the carrier and starts calling the taxi does Sara notice a small wet patch on William’s boxers. It’s very little and you wouldn’t really notice it if you weren’t looking, but all Sara can think of is pee. She hasn’t been to the toilets all day, they’ve just been at the beach and since she hasn’t been in the ocean hasn’t she really found time for a trip to the toilet.

The taxi arrives a few minutes later, Sara is starting to get really desperate, it’s gotten too the point where she has to grab herself ever so often to make sure she doesn’t pee herself.

William on the other hand doesn’t seem to be struggling as much, just a few wiggles here and there, but nothing that really indicates that he has to pee. Sara thinks she’s just seen something and that William isn’t really desperate after all.

"Damn I have to pee" thinks William. William is really good at holding his pee. He has been doing it ever since he was little. Every time he has had to pee, had he always tried to wait to the very last second before he allowed himself to relive himself.

It’s getting very hard for William, even for such a big bladder is it hard to hold their pee for 14+ hours. William is afraid that Sara will se that he has leaked a bit in his boxers and tries to hide his penis behind the carrier they have with them.

Sara is very desperate, she on the other hand isn’t experienced in pee holding. Sara hasn’t really had an interest in pee holding, even though her mother always used to tell her that big girls can hold themselves all day if they really need too.

The problem now is that Sara hasn’t peed since yesterday before she went to bed. It’s been 19 hours!

Sara really wished she had told William to wait this morning when he surprise picked her up for a trip to the beach.

Sara and William live a 15 minute trip apart, it’s far enough that Sara has chosen to sleep over at William’s place if it’s been late at night on the weekends. The beach they’re at is a 1hour drive to reach by car from where they live, but luckily a taxi was just driving by as William called.

William says something about how it’s been a fun day at the beach today, but Sara can’t focus on that now. She needs to pee. Sara hopes William doesn’t notice that she slowly and not so discreetly rubs her beautiful thighs back and forth to stop her pee from escaping her bladder.

Sara’s longest hold wasn’t by will, she and her mom had been at the zoo for a whole day and she had been too distracted to realize her need to pee. She was lucky that day and managed to hold on for a total of 20 hours that day. Now at the 19 hour mark she is really desperate and all she wants is to grab herself and dig her fingers far up into her wet and desperate pussy.

William sees the taxi and raises his hand to signal the taxi to come over. When the taxi turns towards them the lights shine bright in their eyes and William turns around to se Sara just behind him, nearly jumping up and down with desperation.

William loves omorashi and to see girls very desperate, so seeing Sara jumping up and down with her hands over her lap and nearly see through skirt nearly makes him hard on the spot.

William turns back around to see a brand new Mercedes drive up too them, the driver doesn’t say anything or even step out of the vehicle, he just sits there with some AirPods in. Probably listening to music. Sara shuffles over too the trunk and attempts to open it, but there is a chain over the handle, with a little sign that says "trunk is broken, just take your things with you by your side in the car. I have a non see through cover between me and you so don’t try to talk to me"

William reads this, and ever so slightly takes a glance over at Sara who is slightly bending over to keep her self together.

William says: Sara can you take the towels and I’ll take the carrier in?

Sara replies: y-yeah, can do.

They walk over too the left door and open it. The sign wasn’t lying though both Sara sb William.

Sara thinks too herself “thank god the driver can’t see me so desperate" she puts the towels down and starts tip toeing over too the other side, meanwhile William is right behind her staring directly at her but while she bends over to lay the towels down.

"Gosh she’s beautiful when she needs to pee” thinks William, and moves out of the way so she can walk over to the other side.

When Sara walks past William and over past the trunk, grabs William his cock and squeezes hard. A sudden rush of desperation just dazed over him.

William had to take a breath and squeeze his cock a couple of times to gain composure and lift the heavy carrier in to the car. He jogs over too the other side where Sara can just be seen lifting her hand out of her skirt. William coughs ever so slightly to get her attention. Sara quickly stands up straight and gets red in the face.

Sara thinks "Fuck, he saw me grab my self. Now I have to say something to explain it.."

Sara quickly stutters out: "S-sorry I-I just really have to pee…"

William still kinda flustered just spurts out "sa-same, me too. " he then steps past her and sees that only one seat is left after the carrier.

Sara is slightly relieved to know that she isn’t alone on the pee problem.

Sara is going to need to sit in his lap the whole trip. "Damn I don’t think I’ll last one hour with so much pee and her on top of me” thinks William and says out that she needs to sit in his lap on the way home.

Sara, still red after the incident mutters out "yeah yeah I just need to get home, quick!" And jumps on William’s lap.

As Sara lands on William and her beautiful but slaps over his lap, William can’t help but let out a little moan.

Sara doesn’t seem to notice the moan William just let out, she just seems hyper focused on closing the door.

The taxi finally takes of and their on their way home.

The roads are bumpy and Sara is constantly bouncing up and down on William’s lap. The bouncing mixed with William’s lap is kinda helping her keep all her bodily fluids inside. But as it helps her compose her bladder, it also kinda tickles in her pussy every time she lands as Williams penis is rubbing the tip of her vagina when she lands.

William is fighting two battles at once. He is trying not pee on Sara and also trying not to get hard. The second one is hard because when Sara jumps up and down she lands right on his penis, which pushes it to the side, it helps holding his pee, but makes it way harder to stay soft.

It’s been ten minutes with wiggling and jumping by Sara and the tickling has intensified a lot. Sara can feel her pussy getting wetter and wetter. It is just a matter of time before William can feel her pussy juice trickling out. William looks out the window and can’t see much due to the sun having gone down the horizon. Just as William is looking back into the vehicle the car suddenly jolts up and Sara’s skirt flings up and exposes nearly her whole but to William. The skirt lands vedged between him and Sara so that William can see her pink underwear sticking out. There is a dark spot in Sara’s underwear, it’s a mixture between pee and horny juice. A small drop of this juice starts trickling down Sara’s leg.

Sara is freaking out. William can see nearly her whole body and she is wet as hell. She feels the drop that is making its way down her leg slowly go down towards Williams boxer. Sara looks down in despair and sees his penis growing, first just a little but then more and more. William looks calm and doesn’t seem to notice that his penis is starting to poke out of the pocket hole in his boxer. Sara still mostly focused on the pee and juice leaking towards William shoots her hand down into her pussy to try and stop the flow, but it’s too late, a small trickle hits the outer edge of Williams boxer and right after hits his penis.

William is in shock. Is this really happening to him. Sara wet and desperately leaking in top of him. He feels his hard cock slowly getting socked by small drops of pee from Sara. Sara starts slowly fingering her self, to try and stop the pee flow from brewing. She has never felt a so good feeling before. Being desperate to pee and masturbating is an overwhelming feeling. Even with all these emotions she tries to hide her hand from William so he doesn’t se her playing with her self.

William kan clearly se Sara’s arm shoot back and forth. Her boobs following the motion. He is rock hard and needs to pee as well. A little trickle escapes his penis and William try to maneuver himself better by lifting himself up and back down, but his cock hits the outer edge of Sara’s underwear and pushes it away, revealing her pussy to his cock, Sara notices William’s cock graze her pussy lips and moans as quiet as she can.

The pee is slowly escaping them both, Sara can feel her pussy lips contracting. And a new stream of pee escapes her, it spurts right on to Williams cock. And the car hits another bump.

Sara jumps up and takes her hands down to William’s hips, grabbing them tightly. She then lands to top of his cock. His cock doesn’t penetrate her, it just gets squeezed between her pussy and his bladder.

This pushes William’s bladder so hard that he jolts back and his penis goes inside Sara. They both moan loudly. Two desperate people having sex to not pee themselves. Sara can feel his cock inside her pushing slightly on her bladder. This makes her so fucking horny. She looks back at William who has a look of lust and horror. She makes eye contact and smiles. William smiles back.

Sara is now full on riding William. It’s so good. Sara can feel spurts of squirt and pee leave her hole just to be stopped and bushed back by Williams penis. Her bladder is killing her, but her want for William is even stronger. She rides back and forth up and down, his cock grazing every part of her pussy.

William is so desperate, he needs to cum so bad but isn’t able to due to the amount of pee inside his bladder. The pressure of Sara’s pussy lips around his cock is squeezeing his cock shut so almost no pee or cum leaves him. It’s an endless feeling of edging

They’re stuck. Sara needing William’s cock to block her pee hole and William unable to take his cock out of her.

Sara bounces up and down moaning every time she hits Williams lap. Her boobs har slowly slipping out of her bra and William’s arms are rapped around her just bellow her bra straps. William pounds and pounds into Sara, feeling every drop her body is pushing against his cock. Her boobs are now almost completely out and into his hands.

“Fuck you’re so hot Sara" moans William between each bounce between them.

Sara isn’t able to speak, only just so slightly moaning a variation of "Y-y-you tw-twooo" back at him.

Sara is on the edge of bursting, the floodgates are slowly opening, and just as she is about to give up holding and pee all over William, hits William’s cock her right in her g spot. Sending a shockwave of an orgasm like feeling around her body. Sara twitches her lips around William’s cock, and her legs wrap around his legs. Her boobs fall right in William’s arms. William is now rubbing her boobs. It’s so good, her squishy boobs being in William’s arms. Being pushed, rubbed and squeezed.

Sara moans loudly and a big spurt of squirt leaves her pussy and drips all over William’s cock.

The car suddenly stops. Sara quiets down and slows her thrusting a bit, but not stopping, because if she does they will both pee all over this car.

The doors opens automatically and Williams front door is facing them. Sara panicks a bit and takes her skirt back over her vagina so no one can see what is happening. Her desperation momentarily stops and she gives William a little push to indicate that he needs to lift them out.

William slowly lifts his hips up and takes Sara with him on top of his cock still. His cock now pressing on her bladder so bad that the desperation comes back double so strong and Sara jumps off William and stands on the road with both hand pushed far in her pussy. William rushes out just after her and tries to push his cock in Sara’s pussy again so that they don’t pee on the road. His cock hits the fabric of Sara’s completely wet underwear that has now pushed themselves back over her hands and pussy.

Sara jolts up and pee starts leaking fast out of her. She takes her finger out of her pussy. She can feel the pee slowly flooding out, but when she lifts her fingers out of her underwear there is a small gap that William’s cock slides through and back into her. His cock blocks her pee hole and her stream stops suddenly. She gets a lot of pressure on her vagina, Sara still not realizing that her hole is blocked keeps trying to push pee out, but to no avail. A peegasm build up in Sara’s vagina and she slowly starts shaking rapidly

Sara feels her fingers getting lighter, her feet slowly lifting off the ground and her head tilts backwards. The most amazing feeling of orgasm runs through her body, but Williams cock blocking her pee hole means no more pee leaves her and mid orgasm the orgasm just stops. A tear runs down Sara’s cheek, the most amazing orgasm just ruined like that. She starts shuffling slowly to the door with William still inside. William struggling to hold on.

They reach the door and jump on to the sofa. William on top of Sara. William slowly pounding her so that he doesn’t pee. His desperation of cumming quickly escalate and he can feel cum slowly pushing through all the pee inside his cock.

Sara is leaking everywhere, and moaning like hell when suddenly a blissful feeling of warmth hits her inner vagina. William came in her!

What feels like a liter of cum hits her inner pussy and her bladder just gives away, the peegasm hitting back and the pee gushing out between her pussy and Williams cock. Her legs getting drenched, the sofa quickly flooding. William feels the pee escaping Sara and gives in. Pee starts shooting into Sara. Her vagina too weak to handle all of this pushes her of his cock and leaves William peeing out over the sofa with pee still leaking from Sara.

After 4 minutes of non stop peeing the chaos finally slows down.

Sara’s bra is pushed down to her waist, her skirt is completely see through and her underwear just dangling on her left foot.

Williams once gray boxer is now completely black and the sofa can they just get rid of. There is no saving that.

