Stream of Kindness (Suikoden)

Author: Captain L

*004*2018-06-24 02:43

The woods had grown boring. Nash Latkje, special agent of the Harmonian Southern Defense Force, had been wandering through this forest for what felt like days, and he was running low on resources and supplies from the hike. Not that his training hadn't prepared him for hardships such as these, but the strain was still taking its toll on his constitution. "I'm never going to get anything done at this rate," he complained, voice weak from exhaustion.

"Stop whining up there, I can hardly sleep with your chatter ringing in my ears." The lack of energy could almost squarely be blamed on the passenger taking residence on Nash's back. A young woman with pale skin and white hair, practically albino, was attempting to rest on top of bags and boxes only secured by Nash's shoulders, in the middle of the afternoon no less.

The question certainly occurred to him why he was even putting up with her laziness. "If it's so hard to sleep, then get up and carry your own things."

"Talk like that again, and you can kiss that information goodbye," she retorted, yawning.

The two met in the abandoned Blue Moon Village, where the woman, whose name she revealed to be Sierra Mikain, was the only remaining resident, which made her Nash's only lead. His job was to research information on the True Runes, with Harmonia's ally Highland moving to war, that kind of knowledge could be vital. Problem was, the nature of the True Runes wasn't recorded in any kind of book, making the only source he could go to the Rune Bearers. And with Sierra the only survivor of the Moon Rune's Blue Moon Village, that made her all he had. Which meant he had to do her bidding, carrying her to Muse to appease her.

"Although, there is a way you can give me some energy," Sierra offered, a very sultry seductive tone evident in her voice. She spun around and slid lower down, swinging her legs around Nash's waist and pressing her face close to his neck, close enough where her cold breath made his hairs stand on edge. Opening her mouth with the smack of her saliva splitting, her lips surrounded Nash's nape as her sharp fangs pierced the tough skin.

With reflexes so quick they could only belong to a veteran fighter, Nash's left hand let go of its grip on the luggage to aim a hidden anchor wire at Sierra's head, forcing her retreat. "Hey, we agreed there'd be no blood-sucking, you old witch!"

That was the other trait Sierra harbored, which meant one more nuisance Nash had to put up with. Sierra wasn't human, or at least, hadn't been in a very long time. The power of the Moon Rune had turned her into a vampire, granting her immortality, along with the ability to spread her affliction to others at will through a bite. This alone made Nash incredibly wary about accompanying her, considering his knowledge of the vampire massacre in North Window long ago, until Sierra lectured him with a history and biology lesson on vampires too long for him to pay attention to. The most he was able to gather was that, as the owner of the Moon Rune, Sierra didn't need to suck blood to survive.

The coven mistress was prepared to attack Nash for making fun of her age, but that proved to be unnecessary. The change in balance he caused to himself in order to strike back took away his footing, the gravity of his cargo pulling him down to his right, sending the two colliding in a crash of personal items. They splayed out among the goods, neither in control of their positioning upon hitting the dirt. Didn't stop Sierra, on top, from elbowing Nash in the side of the head when his open hand happened to stop Sierra's bare thigh from hitting the ground.

However, he wasn't the only one feeling pain now, as Sierra realized soon after. The source was quite different, but it was no less worrying, that warm ache emanating from her stomach. Even with the extra power provided as a vampire, Sierra still had a bladder of her own, one that still required tending to. And the harsh landing in the dirt had reminded her, it would certainly like to be emptied, possibly into that same dirt, watering the same grass it sprouted. While a lack of blood meant that wasn't fluids adding to her strain, she still needed water, and however much she had taken from Nash's supply was proving to be a mistake.

Living in a lone cabin in the woods for centuries, answering nature's call like that was hardly a foreign concept. Sierra wasn't even a shy girl. No, the obstacle now was Nash. With the whole thigh grope incident still fresh in her mind, probably because she hadn't moved off of Nash yet, she had no faith that a man like him wouldn't take a peek if she were to expose herself out in the open. Humans were such primitive, base creatures.

Which left her with the pressing question of what she could do? Frankly, she didn't have the energy or drive to wander far enough off the road to remain unseen, if she could even give a reasonable explanation for her absence (or a threat not to question it). But she'd lose her ride if she nodded off on his back and subsequently peed herself. Could she even hold it?

"Hey! Get the hell off me, you bat!" Or maybe she should take things one step at a time, that first step being unpinning Nash. Of course, she did so very slowly, allowing him to breathe again, coughing at the sudden influx of oxygen.

Sierra had no sympathy, of course. "Hurry and pick all that up, it'll be dark soon."

"Why didn't we take a carriage?"

"There weren't any in the last town, they had all been rented out."

Immediately afterwards, as if strictly to make her look dumb, the two picked up the approaching sound of bouncing, rolling wheels and clopping hooves. The source, as it trotted into view, was a wooden carriage pulled by two horses, its passengers a Kobold mother and her two sons, who were roughhousing playing with a wooden doll. Nash's gaze turned a side-eye to Sierra, exasperated and frustrated.

However, amidst the silence of the forest, their focus was inevitably pulled to the Kobolds making a ruckus. "Come on, lemme see it," the Kobold pup that didn't have the toy pleaded, reaching over their mom to take the doll by force.

"No, it's my turn," his brother shouted, leaning away to protect his figure, holding it outside the boundaries of the carriage to keep it out of reach.

"Boys, boys, please settle down," the mother reprimanded, reaching out to keep them separated and properly in their seats. However, the jolt of grabbing her son by the collar made him lose his grip, dropping the toy outside the carriage.

With the cart moving very slowly in its leisure ride, Nash had no trouble catching up, picking the wooden doll off the ground and returning it to the Kobolds. "There you go. Take care not to drop it again."

The mother pulled the reigns to the horses close to her chest, bringing the steeds to a halt. "Thank you very much, sir." She turned her children's heads to look at Nash. "Thank the nice man, kids."

The kid who dropped the toy gave his gratitude, but his brother instead tugged on his mother's sleeve. "Mom, I gotta go tinkle."

With the vehicle already stopped, there was no reason to refuse the request. "Alright, go on that tree right there," the mother instructed, pointing to a tree within easy view. Many would find the lack of privacy a deal-breaker, but the Kobold pup wasn't concerned with modesty, he just needed to go. Lifting a leg to climb over the wall, he jumped out of the carriage, running to the aforementioned tree with a paw on his crotch. As soon as he reached the trunk, he quickly shoved his pants down, reaching both hands to his front and aiming a clear, healthy stream of liquid, splashing and streaming down the rough bark into a puddle by the roots.

Nash thought nothing of it, that's just what you need to do, and looked away to give the kid his earned privacy. Sierra didn't look either, for entirely different reasons. Of course, she had to deal with someone else peeing when she really needed to go, and while she could and did avert her eyes, there wasn't much she could do to avoid hearing it. At least, not with only one free hand, as the other was tugging on the front hem of her skirt, pulling it down for no logical reason other than to give that hand something to grip and keep it busy, anything to prevent it from being too obvious by slipping between her legs.

Thankfully, for the sake of her own sanity and dryness, the leak didn't take very long. Less than a minute and the pup was done, shaking himself dry and pulling his pants back up to bound back to the carriage. "All set, mom!" Safe and relieved, the family urged the horses on, and their carriage rolled away, down the road and out of sight.

The lack of auditory stimulation slowly brought Sierra down from riding out her tall waves of bladder strain. She could feel her abdomen easing up on its torment, allowing her to remove the grip on her skirt, mere seconds before Nash looked at her once again. "It's going to be dark soon," he reminded. "We should start setting up camp before we can't see."

"Let's keep moving. There's a mansion nearby we can stay at."

That claim came out of nowhere, leaving Nash stunned, to put it lightly. "What?! When were you going to tell me?"

"I just did. Now pick up my stuff and carry me," Sierra commanded, practically falling asleep on her feet.

"This information can't be worth this much hassle," Nash lamented, yet he still bent down to gather their personal items. "I'd certainly like to spend a night in a real bed, though." The side of the road the two were inhabiting was soon bustling with the grunts and crashes of a poor man torturing himself with heavy packing.

Of course, Sierra was suffering through torture of her own. She was at the phase of desperation where she was once again eyeing all the foliage, thinking about what would happen should she run behind any of it and unleash her body's contents in a nice warm stream. She was pretty tempted to do just that, it would certainly feel really nice. Just squat and take care of business, with a messy puddle to show for it.

If only Nash wasn't right there. If she were to sneak away, he could either follow her to be a pervert, or abandon her in the middle of nowhere for the way she treated him. Either way, she wouldn't give him the chance, she'd be sticking by him. Men were nothing more than miserable little piles of secrets, he'd be doomed without a generous vampire to protect him.

There was another reason she couldn't simply tell him she needed to whiz, either. Vampires had very slow metabolism, which allowed for their long lives and limited diet. And because of that unusual biology, Sierra's cycle of fluids progressed at a far slower rate than humans. As such, she hadn't needed any sort of bathroom break since the two had met. Now was hardly the time to introduce that little fact about her body.

"Sierra! Get over here, or I'm leaving you behind," Nash called. That's all she needed to hear to confirm her views of dumb humans. It was also what she wanted to hear, because it meant her seat was free to take once more. Slowly, with a heaviness in her step, she climbed back onto Nash's back, who had long since given up arguing, nodding off to sleep within minutes. Whatever she'd need to do about peeing, it could wait until she'd gotten some rest.

###

"Hey, hag! Is this the place you were talking about?!" Nash attempted to hit Sierra on the head to forcibly wake her up, but with her eyes still closed, she managed to intercept the blow.

What a rude awakening. "There are better ways to wake a lady, you know," she loudly yawned, wiping her eyes clear.

"Well, you're certainly not like any lady I know."

"Thank you," Sierra accepted, knowing full well it wasn't meant to be taken as a compliment. She arced her head up to look ahead of them, and sure enough, she saw a large, gothic mansion shrouded in darkness. Suddenly, the vampire was awake, and on guard. "Yes, this is the place." She hopped off Nash's back, wiping her clothes off to look cleaner and more presentable.

However, that landing on the hard soil was the kind of wake-up call she didn't need. The impact rippled through her body, resonating in everything malleable from her ankles to her neck, and that included her quite full bladder. All that pent-up urine jumped at once, creating a powerful force attempting to force its way out, with a stinging stab of agonizing pain, to the point there was the faintest idea she would wet herself there.

In a stroke of good fortune for the vampire, that fear never came to pass, not even a tiny leak, her underwear remained dry, for the time being. A lucky break, to be sure, but one that wasn't likely to repeat. She would need to stave off the need through actions of her own, starting by bouncing on her heels, biting her bottom lip.

She couldn't have picked a worse time to outwardly show her need, as that's when the front door opened, and on the other side stood a well-dressed butler. She didn't even notice that Nash had knocked. "My apologies, sir, but we are not accepting unsolicited visitors at this time," the servant informed.

"S-sorry, it's just...we're wandering travelers, and we were hoping you would be willing to house us for the night."

"The master has made his intentions clear, no uninvited guests..." The butler was repeating himself in denying Nash, but he stopped when he noticed the smaller, more distant Sierra, still as a stone. "Oh, my apologies, I was not aware that Miss Sierra was traveling with you." He stood aside, opening the path into the foyer. "Please, make yourselves comfortable."

Sierra walked in while Nash stood by, dumbfounded, at the sudden change in attitude. It was only once the door was nearly closed behind them that he was snapped back to his senses, bolting inside to catch up to the two. "Sierra, you know the person who lives in a mansion like this?"

His question went unacknowledged. "Is your master in at the moment," Sierra asked the butler.

"He has requested that he not be disturbed. However, I will be sure to inform him that the Founder has come to visit. For the time being, I'll have a room prepared for you and your..." The butler looked at Nash, his face sneering with disdain. "...mule."

"I also expect a bath and meal," Sierra demanded.

The butler bowed. "That is to be expected. Please, this way, miss." He led the way towards the quarters the two travelers would be sharing for the night.

On the walk there, Nash leaned down to Sierra, whispering to remain unheard by their host. "So, the guy who owns this place is a vampire, isn't he?"

"What gives you that impression," she replied, matching the low, breathy volume.

"They know you, by a fancy title no less, and that dismissal of me? I've heard that exact same tone from you."

"Hmph. I suppose even humans can be perceptive. There's also a signature, suffocating bloodlust in the air that follows any gathering of vampires."

"Really? I didn't notice that part."

Sierra groaned. "Then you're even denser than I thought. You can't leave your guard down around blood-sucking creeps like these."

"Self-loathing much there?"

"I only suck blood because I want to. It's totally incomparable. So don't go off on your own in this creepy place, unless you suddenly want to be sucked dry."

"Do I have to accompany you to the bath too? I have no desire to see naked grand-" He couldn't even get the insult out before Sierra knew how it would end, retaliating with a burst of magic, stinging Nash through his clothes, silencing him with nothing more than a yelp of pain.

Yet somehow, their bickering went unnoticed by the butler, or rather, he simply didn't intervene, until they reached a closed wooden door at the end of a dimly-lit hallway. "Please, make yourselves comfortable." He opened the door and guided Nash and Sierra inside, allowing them to see where they'd be staying during the night, and it certainly wasn't some forgotten side room. It was large, clean, decorated with various adornments and furniture, soft chairs, a fireplace, and one large bed. "Someone will be in to inform you when dinner or the bath is prepared. If you'll excuse me." The butler bowed and left the two alone, closing the door behind him.

Immediately, Nash ran to one of the couches, jumping into a laying-down position with a slight bounce upon impact. "Man, this place is swanky! Sure is welcome after all that time in the wilderness!"

"Don't get comfortable. I've got a hunch that tonight isn't going to be peaceful."

"With vampires? That's to be expected. So long as it's after supper, I'm starving for a good meal!"

"If I can even stay awake that long," Sierra lamented, covering her mouth with a yawn. Slowly, she stumbled over to the same couch, falling on top of Nash, eyes half-closed and mouth hanging open. "Come on, give me some energy."

Even pinned, Nash still had the strength to push her off. "I quite like my blood inside my body, thank you very much!"

Sierra was thrown off her human prey, landing on her stomach on the carpeted floor beneath. And that soft crash brought her need, forgotten in her drowsiness, back to the forefront of her attention. After all, she had yet to empty her bladder, and it was starting to get annoying. No, worse than annoying, demanding. Demanding that she find the restroom and drain herself of all those pesky liquids she had ingested.

Most would expect a mansion to be the easiest location to be having this problem. A huge home like this would have bathrooms around every corner, just go to one. If only this place wasn't so passively hostile. She wasn't kidding when she said it was dangerous to go alone in here, and even with her superior vampire powers, she was outnumbered and exhausted. So, unless she asked Nash to come with her to the bathroom, like a little girl, it simply wasn't safe to follow the logical, easy solution.

Nope, she'd need to just hold it. Hopefully, sleeping would make the time go by faster, quick enough that the events of the night to come would pass by before the desperate need became unbearable. Pushing herself up to her feet, Sierra trudged to the bed, crashing onto the soft mattress, face down and suffocating in the quilt. "I expect you to be punctual in visiting me, Rean," she slurred, muffled through the blanket.

###

It was dark when they arrived, but now, it was pitch-black outside. In the intervening time, they had been served a wonderfully prepared dinner, and Sierra had left the room in a huff when Nash began flirting with the maid tending to them, leading to a long, warm, and lonely bath. Now, she had returned to her permanent spot of the bed, currently wishing she had dealt with the disgusting implications and just peed in the bath. Would have saved her the pain she was experiencing now.

It was so bad, in fact, that she couldn't even sleep, an outcome she couldn't have imagined before now. Instead, she was laying on her back, hands folded above her stomach, attempting to focus on the ceiling instead of her body. It wasn't working. All she could picture now was her overfilled bladder, pulsating and bursting at the seams. Leaks of any magnitude had yet to manifest, a testament to her willpower, but she couldn't shake the disastrous mental image of the white clothes she wore beneath her blue cape rapidly turning a darker color.

And then there was what laid beyond the door giving her cause for worry. Much like a child terrified of the monsters that lurked in the night, Sierra was kept awake by what she thought laid just outside their room. Yes, the denizens of the mansion were fellow vampires, but she had no misconception about their friendliness, or rather, lack thereof. So close to her kind, after everything that had happened with the Moon Rune, there'd be an assault soon, enough reason to be on edge.

Could she wait it out? No, no chance, she knew. There was no telling how long the vampires would wait before beginning their attack, meanwhile, it was absolutely evident there wasn't much time before this bed was soaked in her urine. And getting into a fight right now could only end in disaster. So, all she could do was run out to the bathroom before anything bad could leap for her. But, alone, on the toilet? That was the worst place to be interrupted.

"I'm...so what do I do now?" Her teeth were clenched and her legs rubbed against one another, shifting the blankets around, catching them between her knees, adding them to the creation of friction agitating and burning her smooth legs. The strain, blood flushing across her cheeks as her body turned hot beneath the sheets, sweat rolling from her forehead and down her thighs. She hadn't even noticed, until she felt the dampness beneath her waist. "Ah, no no no...oh, right. Haven't leaked yet." It was very telling that she almost believed her bladder had given up.

If she was confined to this bedroom, what were her options? Her mind was first drawn to the window, just balance a squat on the windowsill and do it out into the night. Unfortunately, that window simply would not open, they had tried. Even the advice from the maid accomplished nothing. Guess the owners took every measure to ensure she couldn't escape. There was an empty vase in the room, she had noted, but it was clearly for decoration only. That's why it was on a high shelf, out of reach. Hell, at this point, Sierra even weighed the possibilities of cutting her losses and spraying down a corner, but "spray" was the correct word. She had to pee bad, on a hard wooden floor, it'd be loud, cacophonous, deafening, it was sure to wake Nash in time to see her disgracing herself to the highest degree.

That was the first time a new consideration had appeared. "Nash." Her head rolled, turning her gaze over to Nash, confined to sleeping on the couch. Was he really her only means of escaping this drenched fate? Wake him up, demand he accompany her to the bathroom, and have him serve as lookout while she did her business. If she could even trust him to serve as a competent line of defense. Not that she trusted her panties to serve as adequate defense should she not rely on him, but what was the better of two terrible choices? Honestly, she couldn't tell.

She was hesitant, extremely so, until her extremely pained bladder hit her again with a vengeance, making its mark with a sudden, searing, localized agony. She had been stroking her legs, but now she had to squeeze them together right at the crotch, forcing them with as much pressure as she could muster, to counter the internal pressure working overtime to turn external. The strain put Sierra in such a trance, she couldn't even tell who was succeeding. No doubt she could feel moisture around her sensitive parts, but it could be either sweat or urine. The only certainty was, if she had to push herself to that limit again, it was guaranteed to be urine next time.

"Ggghghgh, do I even have a choice?" Like it or not, Nash was the only available alternative to wetting herself. Both were undesirable, conclusions to her predicament that should have been far below her, but when push came to shove, she'd rather be dry. "Hey! Nash!" Her shout echoed through the large, dead room, yet even letting the call sit, Nash didn't stir. "Damn it, how the hell can you sleep through that? Don't you need to be alert for attacks? Nash! NASH!"

Only through that louder cry was Nash pulled back into the waking world. He propped his head up, looking at Sierra with tired, irritated eyes. "What?! What's so important that you need to wake me up?!"

"You are coming with me to the restroom, right this second." There was no shame, it was a demand, a simple statement, an unequivocal truth. "And I'm not going to stand for any slowness on your part."

Out of it, having just been forcibly awakened, Nash was silent for a minute while the request sunk in, leaving Sierra squirming under the blankets in the meanwhile. Eventually, while his vampire roommate was struggling to stay dry, begging for a response, he reacted. "Ha...hahahahaha! Oh, the mighty Sierra, the vampire vastly superior to humans, is too afraid of the dark to go to the bathroom by herself? Oh, I couldn't have made that up if I tried!"

Sierra, face already crimson from the effort of holding, couldn't get any redder in her anger. And the worst part was, despite how much she wanted to, she couldn't formulate a retort. He wasn't wrong. The reason she wasn't going alone was because she was worried about being attacked. Not by some nameless, imaginary monster, the threat was very real, but the concept was similar. Too similar for her liking.

The two conceptions were so similar, in fact, that she lost her will to fight back. She couldn't rely on being threatening enough to will Nash to do her bidding, not with him laughing at her, so she couldn't win a verbal argument. Instead, in a stunning display of uncharacteristic timidity, her voice fell into close to a whisper, only audible thanks to the dead of the night offering no background noise, even the wind being silent. "Yes. Please, help."

Nash's laughing stopped in an instant, and he almost fell off the couch in shock. Sierra acting...humble? Ladylike? Dependent? The surprises were just never-ending tonight. The sad way she was begging, asking for his assistance, there was only one way he could take it. "After everything you've done to me? No. Take care of it yourself." He laid back down, rolling to face the back of the couch to prevent eye contact between the two.

Sierra would take that opportunity to kill Nash, if she was even able. It was all she could manage to avoid an accident, fingertips digging deep, through her underwear, to put everything she had into physically holding, because internal muscles were starting to falter. A trickle of urine slipped out of her bladder, and only clenching herself kept it from leaking into her panties. Soon, there'd be too much of a flood behind the dam to possibly expect success. She only had one chance to convince Nash before there would no longer be a point. "What do I need to do to get you to agree? Promise to stop insulting you? Take you along for the rest of my adventure? Take my top off? I'm begging you, what do I need to do?!" Her voice cracked, giving away how choked up she was getting over this plight.

It was a lucky break, because the sound of a girl crying awoke something in Nash. He wasn't the chivalrous type, it had nothing to do with being an honorable man, but something a lot more personal. "Julie..." Against his logical judgment, he jumped to his feet with a spring, approaching Sierra in her bed. "Fine, I'll help. Get up."

She wasn't surprised at the assistance, considering how she was requesting it, and she was the kind of woman who got what she wanted. Problem was, it was no longer enough. "I...I can't move."

"I'm not carrying you again." Rolling his eyes, he reached out and yanked her blankets down past her feet, exposing the delicate way her legs were folded over one another. Wearing nothing more than a gown, nearly all of her legs visible, as she shook and squeaked under the stress, hands covering her private area, lips parted and eyes closed. If only she hadn't constantly mistreated him over the last few days, it might have been a pleasant image. Instead, he merely groaned in disdain, reaching out and forcefully grabbing her shoulders and pulling her out of bed, standing her up straight. "You can walk on your own."

Sierra wasn't so sure. The sudden, involuntary change in posture wrought havoc on her bladder. A jump like that, no one could ride that out without any side effects. The pee that had been attempting to spurt out finally had an opening. A small, warm drop of urine spread across a small portion of her womanhood, jolting her to attention, with her eyes shooting open, and one of her fangs piercing into her bottom lip.

All of a sudden, she had a rush of adrenaline coursing through every vein in her body. After all, while her life didn't depend on running to the toilet, her clothes definitely did, and that was just as imperative in her mind. Her muscles, previously locked up across her entire person, simultaneously loosened, allowing her to bolt from the room, grabbing Nash's hand and dragging him along, faster than he could keep up.

As a creature of the night, the total lack of illumination did nothing to inconvenience Sierra, she was able to keep footing and turn corners with no missteps. That was one variable taken care of cleanly, but the other was still a major obstacle; as her first time in this mansion, she had no clue where the bathroom was. She knew where the bath was, but that room had no toilet. She was navigating blind, and with no outward indicator of the room each door housed, she had nothing to work off of. "Where the hell's the toilet?!"

"Stop pulling! It's right there!" Without even processing what Nash had shouted at her, Sierra stopped just because he shouted, only stopping to think as she skidded to a halt. She looked in every direction, frantic like prey on the run from a predator, and was indeed greeted with a door.

Reaching out to the doorknob, slow enough to appear as fear, she turned the handle and pushed the door in. And while it was shrouded in shadow, she could make out that it was indeed a toilet. "How did you know this was it? I told you not to leave the room alone!"

"Is now really the right time to be going after me? You're leaking."

That shut Sierra up real fast, and in the vacuum of silence, she heard the last of her strength breaking. And it sounded like light drops of liquid falling into the carpet. Only then did she realize, just how warm and wet her crotch had gotten while she wasn't paying attention. Nash was right, she was out of time, to the minute. There was literally zero time to argue, leaving her with no choice but to turn around and run into the bathroom, reaching an arm back to slam the door shut behind her.

Alone in a dark room hardly bigger than a closet, Sierra was faced with the open toilet. Honestly, she was a lot luckier than most in this situation. Centuries ago, while she still lived in human civilization, toilets weren't a thing that had been invented yet. And the Blue Moon Village, in the middle of the forest, was not privy to their luxury once they had become commonplace. She had used them more recently, when she slept in inns while venturing to visit the humans, but she had never developed an instinctual demand to void her bladder while in the facility's presence.

Unfortunately, it meant nothing, when her bladder was about to drain of its own volition. The one hand that had yet to let go of her groin registered a growing warmth on the palm, and it wasn't stopping. "Ngh, nn, n-no..." What horrible timing it would be to wet herself with only one step left to go, an ironic fate she couldn't allow to pass. "I'm gonna whiz if it kills me!" With her hand already gripping her underwear, it was a simple matter to pull them down around her knees. It wasn't easy, pulling on one point in the middle was a lot more awkward than pulling from the sides, and a lot more wet, but the same result was basically accomplished.

A mere second later, she dropped her butt onto the toilet seat, getting lucky with her skirt being pressed up by the seat, instead of getting caught between her rear and the porcelain. It wouldn't have mattered, the fear of further soaking her clothes held no power, not against her muscles pushed to the brink of exhaustion. She needed to pee, and it was happening now.

Soon enough, the room was reverberating the low sound of a powerful torrent of urine slamming against the inner bowl of the toilet, the sheer force and forward angle causing an impact above the lingering water. It didn't matter, either way, it'd be loud, deafening even. It was amazing that Sierra could even hear her own thoughts over the waterfall cacophony.

She would have been able to guess her thoughts regardless, there wasn't much complexity or nuance. "Ooooooohhhhh, that's wonderful..." Her head fell in a heavy sigh, maybe more like a moan, as she shuddered in relief, sending the angle of her pee stream haywire. Her knees turned inwards as she released the tension her body had been unintentionally carrying, allowing her urine to flow out at an even heavier rate, with the speed to propel it directly into the water. The result was an tenfold increase in volume, ensuring any noise she made could never be heard. And she couldn't help but make full use of that happy little benefit. "Haaaaahhhhh, I've never had to go that bad before, and I never want to again...but this feels so good."

Yes, the relief washing over her body was wonderful, a fantastic type of ecstasy she rarely felt without a man keeping her company, covering the skin on her arms and legs with goosebumps. She couldn't help it, she moaned again, a long, drawn-out moan with rising and falling pitch and tone. It lasted so long, it outlasted the rush of water quieting to a trickle, making her unseemly and immodest sounds audible, probably throughout the rest of the mansion. It didn't stop her, of course, but she took care not to repeat it once the moan ended naturally.

Shortly afterwards, her bladder ran dry, reducing her output to lingering, broken drops falling irregularly to join with their brethren, before ending completely with nary a splash to stimulate her ears. "Phew, happy I'm good enough to wait long enough," she boasted, ripping off some nearby toilet paper and drying herself off. Not just her crotch, but the small traces down her legs too. And soaking up a little of the moisture drenched into her underwear, where very little could be done. The white garment was badly tinged by the color of a vampire's urine, dyed a red hue by the blood diet. She'd just have to live with the gross warmth permanently cradling her privates. The thought occurred to her that it might be a little exciting to ditch the panties, but in a skirt like hers around a man like Nash? Trouble waiting to happen.

Speaking of Nash, he was ostensibly still waiting outside, standing guard to buy time for her to do her business. Hopefully he hadn't been abducted while she was preoccupied, a fact she wasn't too sure of herself, expecting to be met with no one as she opened the door to leave back into the hallway. Of course, there was no need to be concerned, if she even was, as Nash was standing right there, leaning against the wall to the side of the door. "You know, it's really difficult to listen out for attackers while you're making a racket in there," he criticized.

"I can't help it. Women like me get very excitable and loud. Definitely not the first time I've moaned like thaaaaa..." Sierra's voice trailed off as she wobbled in her stance, falling over and relying on Nash's frame to keep her upright. "Great, I'm still exhausted and now I'm dehydrated." She looked up at his face, looking down at her with confusion as to what she was doing, a confusion she was happy to clear up, baring her fangs. "You know what would solve both problems?"

Rolling his eyes with a disdainful sigh, Nash pushed Sierra off, letting her fall to the floor. It wasn't so bad, her fall was broken by the carpet. "I don't know how you expect me to protect you if you insist on keeping me malnourished."

"Who says I need you to protect me? You have no idea what secrets I'm hiding or what I'm capable of."

"That's nice. You're still human. You stand no chance against vampires actively out for your blood."

"I seem to have been holding my own so far."

"You're lucky I'm the worst you've had to deal with. Hell, you're lucky to have me around, period. You're never going to find a better..." Once again, her voice trailed off, this time because of something else pulling her attention away. "I know I was more concerned with other matters, but...how did I miss this much bloodlust in the air? I sensed it before, but this is a whole other level."

With his attention drawn to it, Nash began looking around, diverting all his senses towards feeling the atmosphere. "Now that you mention it, there certainly is quite the heavy stench of danger." He reached into his coat, pulling out a small, card-sized sheet of paper. "I'm prepared."

"With one talisman? Good luck with that."

"I don't need you wishing for me, I've got enough luck as it is."

"Well then, let's see how far your luck carries you." Sierra readied herself for a fight, while Nash prepared his hidden arsenal of weapons. Their night was far from over, a fact Sierra quietly lamented. "I hope you're prepared to see us, Rean."
