The Woman in the Floral Romper

Author: Caraxes

*000*2023-04-20 19:11

“Hi, is this seat taken?”

Briar raised her spectacled nose from her book to find the source of the voice that had cracked through her train ride reverie. Glancing to the door of her carriage cabin, her gaze was met by a blonde woman in a white floral romper cinched by a black belt that hugged her hips well and showed off her long toned legs. On her feet were big white boots that reached up to her knees and she had a canvas tote over her left shoulder. To complete her look, she even had a dandelion in her hair.

“No, it’s not taken. Feel free to sit here.” The woman was smiling broadly and Briar was impressed by her perfect teeth and piercing blue eyes. She was slightly annoyed that a stranger would be joining her in her carriage. She had been enjoying the quiet of the empty space and she had reached a really good part of her book; the main character had just discovered that his mother had murdered his wife.

“Thanks! A homeless guy just entered the carriage I was in and I figured I’d move down the train a bit,” the flowery woman told Briar unprompted.

“Oh, that’s too bad,” Briar found herself replying, hoping her lacklustre response would prompt the woman to stop talking to her so she could resume her book.

Sure enough, her words had the intended effect and the carriage returned to its silent state. Resuming her book, Briar returned to her state of content as the train trundled on towards its destination.

In all honesty, Briar had no right to be upset at her cabin mate. The cabin was small, true, but it had two cushioned benches facing in on each other that could seat six. There were six cabins down each side of every carriage car and most were filled on a sunny summer Saturday afternoon like today, especially when they were heading for the coast. Everyone in the city took advantage of the warm weather and most trains were quite full. Briar had been quite lucky to spend the first half of the journey with a cabin to herself and an hour with this flowery stranger wouldn’t be too bad. There were no more stops for the rest of the journey, so it was unlikely that anyone else would join them.

As she read about the book protagonist’s handling of the maternal betrayal, Briar was annoyed to hear a tapping coming from across the cabin. Glancing up for the second time in five minutes, Briar was peeved to see that the woman was tapping her booted foot on the wooden floor of the cabin.

“Do you mind not tapping your foot please?” she asked politely. “It’s a wee bit distracting.”

Smiling sheepishly, the blonde apologized profusely. “I’m so sorry, I don’t mean to be annoying. It’s a bad habit.”

Briar smiled in response and returned to her book. Out of the corner of her vision, she saw the blonde pull out some knitting needs and begin to work on what looked like a pink scarf. The clicking of the needles irritated her slightly, but she knew that it wasn’t significant enough to complain about. She’d have to endure the repetitive sounds for the duration of the journey. Wishing she’d brought her headphones, Briar did her best to reabsorb herself into her book.

————

30 minutes later, the foot tapping recommenced.

Perturbed, Briar did her best to ignore it and hoped that the woman would notice and stop herself soon. After two minutes, she couldn’t take anymore and she spoke up.

“I hate to be a pest, but would you mind please stopping with the foot tapping. I’m at a really good part in my book and it’s making it hard to not reread sentences.”

“Ohmigod, I’m so sorry, I promise it’s unintentional,” the blonde woman exclaimed, flushing beet red and giggling softly.

“No worries, I have weird tics too,” Briar commiserated before feeling mortified that she had called it weird. She didn’t want to come off as rude and upset this poor stranger.

The woman gave her an embarrassed look before replying. “Honestly it only happens when I’m bursting for the toilet. The ones in this carriage are broken and I’ve been trying to hold it but I’m going to explode!”

“Oh dear,” Briar replied sympathetically. As an introvert, she hated when people overshared with her. She hated it even more when the oversharing centred on bodily needs since they made her think of her own. Luckily, Briar had visited the toilet just before boarding the train and her bladder wasn’t bothering her at all yet.

“Honestly, I’ve had to go badly on many occasions - as I’m sure you have too - but this is different! I feel like I’m so full I might explode,” the blonde woman exclaimed. The words tumbled out of her as if she’d been dying to tell someone about her plight.

“I’m sorry, I hope you can make it to a bathroom soon when we arrive,” Briar said, in an attempt to once again kill the conversation with this stranger. Unfortunately, this time it didn’t work and the blonde woman continued spilling her thoughts.

“To be honest, I don’t think I can hold it until we arrive,” she blurted, fanning her legs together. Perspiration had appeared on her forehead and her face was growing redder with embarrassment. “I’m sorry, sometimes I’m way too forward. I’m sure I’ll be fine, but it can get bad at times.”

“Is there anything I can do to help?” Briar asked, before immediately regretting letting the words out. Sometimes her need to appear polite got the better of her and she found herself offering to help people for no reason.

“You’re so sweet for offering,” the flowery woman gushed, crossing one long shapely leg over the other, “but I doubt you can help unless you have a chamber pot in your purse.”

Briar smiled at the woman’s joke, relieved that she wouldn’t need to help this stranger find a toilet. She raised her book to resume her chapter, but as she did so she was cut off midway.

“Sorry, I never introduced myself. I’m Melony!” The blonde rose from her seat slightly, her booted legs crossed, and extended her hand to shake Briar’s.

“I’m Briar,” Briar replied, cursing the fact that this woman wouldn’t just let her read in peace. She didn’t want to continue this conversation anymore but this stranger was not backing down. She was truly as chipper as her outfit implied.

“Wow, such a pretty name! It’s a pleasure to meet you Briar.”

Briar could do nothing but sit in annoyance and listen as Melony spent the next 15 minutes rambling on and on about her life. As she explained how she had recently graduated from her masters at university and was looking for a job at a non-profit so she could give back to the community, Briar was amused to see that the girl was becoming more and more animated. Melony was shifting back and forth, crossing and uncrossing her legs and tapping her feet incessantly. To her own shame, Briar found herself hoping that Melony would wet her romper so that she’d finally shut up.

…so that’s why I’m loving living so close to the coast. I come up almost every weekend to go to the beach and see my friends. Sometimes my boyfriend meets me there which is nice since we’re doing long distance. I’m actually really glad I get to see him today,” Melony rambled. Suddenly she paused, pursed her lips and sat up super straight.

“Are you okay?” Briar asked, surprised by her cabinmate’s sudden movement.

“No,” squeaked Melony, jamming a hand into her crotch. “I think I just leaked.”

Slowly removing the hand, she bent forward to inspect the crotch of her white romper. Sure enough, Briar could see a coin sized wet patch on the fabric from the brief lapse of control.

“Ohmigod, it’s visible!” Melony exclaimed in horror. “Oh no, what am I gonna do? How can I hide this?”

Briar felt herself feeling badly for the desperate woman as she writhed in desperation. With a soothing tone, she suggested, “Stay calm, keep doing everything you can to hold it in and we’ll be at the station soon enough. We’re only fifteen minutes away.”

Melony jammed her hand back into her damp crotch and whimpered softly. Briar was doing her best not to make eye contact with the humiliated woman but she could see that tears were welling up in her blue eyes.

“I’m going to have an accident,” Melony sniffled in defeat. “I can’t hold it fifteen minutes.”

Briar cursed herself inwardly for interacting further, but she found herself reaching down into her bag. Pulling out a metal water bottle, she passed it across to the crying blonde.

“Use this, I’ll turn around,” Briar offered, standing up from her seat and passing the bottle across the cabin.

“No, I can’t do that in front of you. I’m in a romper, you’ll see everything,” Melony gasped, fidgeting profusely.

“Trust me, I don’t like it either,” Briar admitted. “But I know what it’s like to be desperate. If you don’t use this bottle, you’re going to absolutely soak yourself.”

“I don’t want to make you witness this,” Maloney sobbed, mortified by what was unfolding. “I’m a complete stranger.”

“Just go already, before I change my mind,” Briar snapped. “I’ll keep watch.”

Rotating on her heel, Briar turned her back on the blonde and moved to hold the cabin door closed by the handle. As she held it in place, she could hear Melony shuffling around behind her. The blonde’s boots kept clomping on the floor as her romper rustled against her thighs. Finally, Melony’s voice broke the awkward silence.

“Um, can you please undo me? I’m stuck!”

Heaving a sigh of exasperation, Briar turned back around to face her cabinmate. Melony was a sweaty mess, her face flushed and her blonde hair sticking to her forehead. Briar could see that even more pee had leaked out and there was now a wet spot the size of a clementine on her crotch.

Rushing to position herself with her back to Briar, Melony pulled her hair out of the way and revealed her pale neck. At the base of her neck was the string from the straps of the romper, tied together in a knot.

Deftly running her fingers over the knot, Briar untied it, letting the straps fall loosely against Melony’s neck. Gasping out a thank you, the blonde woman tore down the top half of her romper and began fighting with her belt buckle. Her newly exposed breasts bounced freely against her chest with every desperate tug at her belt, and Briar shifted her eyes away from the blonde’s large pink nipples. Briar couldn’t help but admire the size of Melony’s supple breasts, larger than her own, as they jiggled in her desperation.

Finally, Briar watched as Melony managed to get her belt buckle undone with a loud sign of relief. In a fluid motion, she yanked down her soggy floral romper, revealing a saturated white thong. Dropping this as well, Briar was surprised to see the woman’s unshaven damp golden bush.

“Please look away,” Melony pleaded, shoving the metal bottle up close to her leaking pussy that was sending rivulets down her toned thighs.

Shame washed over Briar as she realized she had been staring at this exposed stranger and she quickly averted her eyes, directing them at the panelling of the cabin wall. She wasn’t sure why she’d been transfixed with fascination but she was certainly embarrassed by it.

From behind her, she heard a sigh and a moan as Melony began to pee into the bottle. The loud sound of liquid splattering against metal echoed through the enclosed space and Briar could hear the absolute geyser of a release in full detail. Melony let out a soft moan and Briar couldn’t help but feel that she was witnessing a very intimate moment.

Suddenly, there was a knock at the door. In her embarrassment, Briar had forgotten to keep watch. Wheeling around, she shoved the door shut as whoever was on the other side began to push it open.

“Occupied,” she called. “Come back later.”

Behind her, she could hear Melony shifting around in a panic. Turning her head, Briar witnessed Melony in the midst of yanking up her romper mid stream. The woman had a look of panic on her face and tears streaming from her eyes. She managed to get the romper back up over her hips but her large breasts were still jiggling in the air, totally exposed and pee was still pouring out of her.

Briar watched in morbid fascination as this cheery, kind stranger absolutely flooded her romper. Pee yellowed the white crotch quickly before cascading down her thighs. Snaking back and forth like an overflowing river in spring, the streams of pee poured into the tops of her tall white boots that hugged her toned calves.

“No!” she cried, before emitting a guttural sob that tugged at Briar’s heart strings. She felt terrible for not helping the woman sooner but now it was too late to do anything but watch. Pee had begun splashing off Melony’s thighs and was forming a golden puddle on the floor. The blonde woman was shaking slightly from the euphoric release and her clothing had quickly grown transparent, leaving little to Briar’s imagination.

“I’m so sorry,” Melony sobbed. “This hasn’t happened since I was a little kid.”

“Don’t worry,” Briar replied reassuringly, “You did your best.”

“I don’t know what I’m going to do, I can’t let everyone see me like this!”

Briar undid her her button up and handed it to the blonde. “Wrap this around your waist. We’ve only got like ten minutes left in the journey. When we arrive, I’ll walk you to a clothing store and you can buy a new outfit.”

“You’re literally an angel, thank you,” Melony smiled through her tears. “I don’t know what I would have done without you.”

Briar blushed at the compliment, overcome by the guilt of having been annoyed at this kind stranger the whole trip. “I just know how terrible I’d feel in your shoes. Let’s get you sorted and then we’ll go on our merry way.”

Smiling more now as the tears subsided, Melony pulled Briar into a hug. Briar was surprise by the gesture, as the scent of pee washed over her and Melony’s bare breasts bumped into her chest. She was grateful that the universe had decided to teach her a lesson in kindness on that particular day.

*004*2023-04-21 11:24

{{6 hours ago, wether said:

Great story! I wonder if a bottle was large enough to contain all of Melony's pee, assuming that she was able to pee in the bottle without interruptions.

}}

Oh it certainly would have posed a problem. Too bad she got startled!

{{5 hours ago, huberp76 said:

To stop a much needed pee is always bad for a girl.

Her bladder should have been bigger than the bottle.

}}

I think the bottle would have only been a temporary solution.

{{2 hours ago, MiraOMO said:

This is great!!!

}}

Thank you for the kind words! It was fun to write!

