The young lords mistake part 2

Author: Cosplay.freakk

*000*2017-09-18 10:08

Ciel took a deep breath before standing up, he was finding it hard to not to press his legs together. He couldn't dare in front of Alois! "Come on you old man" Alois said as he pulled Ciel up, Ciel gasped as he felt the weight in his lower stomach start to grow heavier, he took a second to get himself back together and try and stop himself from rubbing his thighs together. Alois watched confused "oh uhm.. We can sit at a table if you like if you are in that much pain" Ciel just nodded and started to follow Alois to a room. 

As soon as they got in the room ciel frantically looked around for a seat so he could sit down and take the pressure off his stomach, he quickly walked over to the table and sat down, taking some of the pain away. Alois brought over a chess set and starting setting it up, luckily the table hid his lower body giving him some freedom to squirm and try and get comfortable enough to hold it until he got the courage to ask where the bathroom was. "All done setting up" Alois said as he took the first move. Ciel bit his lower lip and moved a chess piece, after a while the pain was becoming unbearable he couldn't concentrate on the chess game anymore.

All he could think about was how badly he had to pee, Ciel was now crossing his legs and wiggling his hips. Alois watched him, asking himself what the hell was ciel doing. "Are you giving the chair a lap dance?" Alois snorted, "no! I'm not! Shut up" Ciel said as he breathed heavily. Just as Alois was about to respond the butlers came in. Ciel tried his best to not fidget and get anyone's attention but his luck was running out. 

"Morning tea is ready" Claude smirked, Alois smiled happily "oh about time" Sebastian came over to Ciel, Ciel gave him a mortified look with a soft look saying help as he grabbed his crotch tightly like a child. Sebastian sighed, picking Ciel up by the elbow. "May I excuse the young lord?" Sebastian said watching Ciel pull his hand out of his crotch, Ciel looked over at Alois seeing a big smile almost a scary smile like he knew all along that Ciel had to pee badly. "Very well" Claude said, Sebastian pulled his young master along. Once they got outside the room Ciel almost burst into tears pulling his hand away from Sebastian. "You idiot! You embarrassed me in front of that pest!." Ciel cried, Sebastian sighed grabbing him and pulling him along.

"You are the one embarrassing yourself, you had multiple chances to go." Sebastian said watching Ciel try and keep up. "Ugh stop it hurts!" Ciel whined falling onto his knees trying to use his foot to hold it, at that moment Ciel felt his stomach And bladder ease. "No! God damn it!" He yelled putting his hands in his crotch as urine started to spill out slowly, Sebastian tried to pull him up but he wouldn't budge. 

"No I can't wait!" Ciel cried loudly as his pants started to go darker around his crotch, at that moment Claude opened the door followed by Alois. "Ah-heh..." Ciel mumbled as the puddle under him grew bigger setting his shoes, Alois walked over and bursted out laughing. Ciel grinded his teeth, "everything ok-oh I see" Claude said softly watching Ciel wet himself. Sebastian sighed "Claude would it be a bother to bath Ciel here?" Sebastian said looking down at ciel as he finished peeing. "No problem at all" Claude smirked "come on Alois you can lend Ciel some clothes" Alois stopped laughing "wh-what no! Ah! Grr.. Fine!" Aloud said crossing his arms and walking of with Claude, Sebastian picked Ciel up from the ground carrying him to the bathroom to get cleaned off. "W-we must not speak of this.." Ciel muttered out, "as you wish my lord" Sebastian smirked with one hand behind his back crossing his fingers...

I'm sorry that's all I got, please let me know what anime you would like done and events to happen in it. Thanks for reading ♥?

*001*2017-09-19 03:47

{{17 hours ago, Cosplay.freakk said:

I'm sorry that's all I got, please let me know what anime you would like done and events to happen in it. Thanks for reading ♥?

}}

Some spelling mistakes at the end due to me being very tired when writing this sorry about that!

