Designing desperation for a superhuman holder!

Author: cloudburst9 

*000*2020-07-18 21:58

(This story may start out a little slow but I want to build a narrative and am open to suggestions as it progresses. I felt the need to build up my girlfriends holding capacity slowly in the way it was discovered in the narrative. There are plans to have her desperate for an extended time however. This is the first piece of fiction I have ever written apart from short pieces in English class which obviously had VERY different themes lol) 

Some background. 

I met Jessica in college at a party. It was a usual college party, lots of alcohol and rowdy behavior but thankfully we had started talking to one another at the reasonably sober start of the night. We both had arrived relatively early and began talking as we didn't know too many people and our friends hadn't yet arrived. I was instantly captivated by her, she had a quiet type of confidence and a slim yet athletic build, this was accentuated by the long but form fitting light cardigan she was wearing and tight black jeans. Her dark hair brought out the bright green of her eyes that lit up mischievously when she made jokes or laughed at mine.
The conversation between us was easy and we got along great on many topics. I was studying engineering and had an interest in the design of car safety equipment and medical device technologies although I wasn't sure which of those paths I wanted my career to follow, but hey, we were only in our first year so I had plenty of time to decide. She was studying Biochemistry which I also had an interest in so we had plenty to talk about.
Over the course of the night we drank beers and talked and talked and talked. We didn't quite leave each others company much to our friends' amusement but they seemed happy we were both coming out of our shell.
I did notice one thing however, Jessica didn't seem to need to pee at all over the course of the night. I myself have a reasonably large sized bladder (1.6L record, I have a holding fetish which is how I know this in case you haven't guessed) and I needed to pee once due to beers and not intending to hold around so many new people. Obviously I noticed her lack of needing to use the bathroom due to my.... extracurricular interests but didn't say anything as we just met.
As I had to leave early enough due to working the next day (just before 2am which made it roughly 5 hours since we began talking) I never got to see if she needed to pee of not but we committed to meeting one another for coffee and a walk near the local lake the next weekend. 

The first date.
Later on that that week she messaged me. It read "Hey I know we are meant to go for coffee and a walk on Saturday but I got tickets to a friend's concert and was wondering if you would like to go after our walk". After calling in a favor for someone to cover me for work that evening the plan was set for a date that would last the whole day. I was going to get to see what this girl could hold!..oh and also I like to discover new music so I suppose that would be interesting too....I guess 

The concert was due to start at 10:30pm and so we met at 3pm in the afternoon. This was planned because although we had gotten along so well I didn't know how much I could stretch conversation (it turns out this was just to do with nerves, communicating with her has never been an issue). We had coffee at a lakeside cafe that also served Shisha called "Smoke on the water" (clever name for a coffee place that loved to play 70s rock for any Deep Purple fans out there). I ordered a medium Americano because I am somewhat boring when it comes to my caffeine orders which I was surprised to find she got a very large (I beleive it was a Venti size? approx 600ml) americano also and we both got a litre of water too. She said she usually had 2 of these coffees before 1pm in college to keep alert in lectures but hopefully this one would give her energy all the way to the concert later. 

My mind began wondering if this caused any problems for her bladder during any of her long lectures (some were two hours) and so my imagination went wild. After drinking our coffees we went for a walk around the lake. The University we attended was on the edge of a large lake which took about 2 hours to do a loop of and we done the full loop, seen the ducks, looked at the flowers that were out in the meadows as it was mid May at this time and they were everywhere.
Over the course of the walk Jessica made her way through most of the liter of water and by the time we got back we were beginning to get hungry as due to the distractions we found along the lake the walk took closer to 3 hours than 2. We decided to go to get some food. 

We ended up at a small restaurant (very informal) and had our meal and decided to have some tea afterwards before we start making our way to the bar where the concert was as the evening was still quite warm and the weather beautiful so we split the pot of tea and began the walk to the bar. We left at 7:40pm.
We walked along the river that led to the town (they called it a city but having come from a Capital city myself I didn't think this University town qualified as such) and this took an hour as we were again enjoying the fine early summer evening during which time we both finished our water bottles. 

As we approached the bar there was a small queue due to the first bands of the night starting at 9:30pm which we joined. At this stage I was getting becoming aware of my own bladder beginning to send it's first signals of filling to my brain and wondered if this beautiful, funny, intelligent woman beside me was experiencing the same.
I DID however notice the group of women in front of me. There were five of them, two of whom appeared to be further along in their need of a bathroom than myself. One quite intensely it seemed.
There were still about 8 people in the queue ahead of them and there seemed to be some sort of problem with the register where they were selling tickets so it wasn't moving for the time being.
I obviously couldn't stare openly despite my increasing interest at their need so I settled with stealing the occasional glance from the reflection of the blacked out window behind Jessica. One of the girls was tapping her foot and shifting her weight side to side when I heard her saying to her friend "Oh I hope they get that fixed soon, I really need to pee!". The other girl however appeared to need to go much more, she seemed somewhat beyond being able to convey her need to the rest of her group as she was mostly leaned forward with her legs crossed but she laughed and said "Well if they don't I will be peeing here either way".
Jessica looked over at them and her eyes lingered on the more desperate girl for a moment and said quietly "I wonder how much they pre-drank a few beers before coming here, it seems they mistimed things".
**WHAT?** My mind already whirring from these quite attractive girls nearby needing to go even as my own need increased was wondering if Jessica herself had such an interest. I swore to myself I would find out whenever possible.
Eventually the queue got moving again and I got to have a good look at the women beside us while Jessica was taking her purse out of her bag. The more desperate one whose name I figured out was Katie from her friends telling her they would be in soon but she should have went before they left the apartment was getting more and more desperate. I seen them walk in with her shuffling behind while we paid and followed soon after.
I seen the bathrooms off in one corner where I was not displeased to find yet another queue with the girls, including a now very very desperate Katie were joining the end of. It seemed men and women were queuing in the same line and I realized an opportunity had arisen which I could not miss.
I asked Jessica to buy us both a drink and gave her some money to do so and told her I had to use the bathroom. (I didn't yet, I was only a 3.5 or 4 out of ten but I wanted ringside seats to the pre-concert show).
I joined the queue behind the two desperate girls as their friends went off to the bar. At this point Katie had her hands in her crotch and her legs crossed in a majorly stereotypical sign of needing to pee. Her friend whose name I never overheard was now at the stage Katie was at before we all got inside, leaning forward with her legs crossed. 

As the queue for the bathroom moved I realized it was an all genders bathroom due to the bar being reasonably small and was somewhat liking the place already. It seemed there were urinals in one corner but the rest of it appeared to be stalls with high walls.
At this stage it was about 20 minutes after we had joined the original queue to purchase tickets and I was beginning to wonder how much longer this girl Katie could hold on for. She was now occasionally exhaling heavily through gritted teeth and had her hands pressed in to her crotch so tight I wondered how she hadn't ripped the material of her jeans. 
Eventually a stall opened and Katie's friend let her go ahead and she hobbled ahead and into the stall, I wish I had of known how much she had been holding but I suppose it was too much to wish for after such a sight. As a bonus however, two stalls opened at the same time and the unnamed friend and myself found adjacent stalls free at the same time. I pretended I had to do business that required me to use a stall rather than the urinal and so went in.
I didn't manage to time it with my phones stopwatch but as the unnamed girl went into the stall next to mine I heard the lid crash down and began counting when I heard her sigh and a forceful gush of liquid hitting the bowl, I counted to 47 Mississippi before she stopped, impressive!
I went to wash my hands (although I still hadn't peed) I went back out to Jessica where she was waiting with a beer for each of us and was watching the first band get started. 
"The queue is a bit slow for the bathrooms I told her". She replied "That is okay I don't need to go anyway, did those girls make it okay?", "Just about" I told her to which she grinned wickedly and handed me my beer. 

The bar was good sound wise, the beer cheap (student discounts), the music good... and Jessica was beautiful. She danced slowly while drinking her beer and although it was too loud to talk we stood close together with her bare arm brushing against mine every now and again at which point she would smile at me, both of these things made me feel like I had been mildly shocked but in the most pleasant way.
After two bottles of beer her friend's band came on, they were amazing! They played for the best part of an hour after which Jessica pulled me by the hand to the bar, bought three beers and then pulled me outside to the outdoor area where people went to smoke, or cool off as she wanted to congratulate her friend and introduce me.
She offered the third beer to her friend who it turns out was in our University but she knew from high school as Shaun. He turned down the beer as he was driving home with the equipment later. She jokingly said "Oh well more for me!" and downed the remainder of her own beer and started on his one.
We all hung out for a while before going into see the last band who Shaun said were very good, he wasn't lying!
Jessica and I had another beer each and by the time the band was finished we were hot and sweaty and my bladder was beginning to make it's presence known to me. I'd say I was at a 5.5 or 6 at this stage. I got us both a pint of water to cool down and the bar began to empty.
We decided to head back to town to head home as I still had work the next day. Before leaving I asked Jessica if she needed to use the bathroom but she replied with "No I'm fine for the walk home, but go ahead if you want." I said I'd be fine too and we began the hour or so walk home. 

She showed no outward signs of desperation for the whole walk home and I walked her to her door. She kissed me on the cheek and told me she would be in touch during the week. This was just after midnight
By the time I got home (15minutes away) I was at 8/10 on the needing to pee scale and eventually emptied myself, as I had to be up early I didn't have time to keep the hold going. Doing the math quickly in my head I realized that I (and therefore Jessica) had drank a coffee each (Jessica's was bigger too), tea between us, 4 beers (Jessica had 5), and a pint of water I was coming close to my limit and she had shown no signs of needing to go.
I would need to investigate this on our next date..… 

**(That is part one, I had a loose idea but most of that was written in an hour off the top of my head, any suggestions at writing style improvements feel free to speak up. I have much more holding related themes for the next parts (including some desperation for the Bladder Queen Jessica and have an interesting way to present these and to ensure she actually experiences some of what us normal humans feel after so much liquid!!)** 

*003*2020-07-21 19:39

Thanks! This is encouraging.
There will be a challenge involved alright with what I hope is a completely novel idea, I haven't read it anywhere before anyway. 

Hoping to get the next part written over the next week or two and have at least 3 parts planned.

*004*2020-08-07 22:57

Sorry about the delay!
It looks like this may actually end up being four parts (maybe even five) but I am about half way through the second as of tonight, hoping to have it posted by next weekend as I have a few days free.
I like to build and edit the story in my head over a week or two then I usually just type it up all at once.
I look forward to posting the next one. It is more fun writing than I thought it would be for me! 

*006*2020-08-18 18:05

Further apologies for the delay. I keep coming up with new ideas and not sure if I should work them into a new series of stories later or keep adding to here but I finally finished part two (mostly as I had originally intended for it to be). This is still a build up to what I consider the main part of the theme so let me know what you think. My plan for Jessica eventually is a little different to anything Ive read before (I hope it is original) but will show her true capacity and a true test for her.
So without further delay, here is.

Part two: The mystery tour. 

After a few dates and a few months of getting to know each other (Work and college can be demanding) I still had yet to see Jessica desperate or even remotely needful for the use of a bathroom, but there was no chances to bring it up. Was it possible she had a love of holding it but was an extremely practiced and disciplined holder? I was I looking for things that weren’t there due to my own kinks?
The chance may have been sent my way to find out, there was a mystery tour organized in the university as a social building exercise due to it being the start of the new semester and we decided to go. All we knew was we needed to bring outdoor clothes and clothes suitable for casual yet properly dressed place after.
There would be 30 people on the tour in total some of whom we knew already. Two were Jennifer’s (and by now my) friends Alison and Georgia. I knew one of the guys and his girlfriend, they were named Jack and Sarah. 

The bus was leaving campus at 2pm for the first leg of the journey so Jessica and I got up at 10am (I had stayed in her place, recently we had been staying over at each others apartments roughly once a week). She wanted to shower and I told her to go ahead while there was still hot water and I would fix some breakfast. I began by putting on coffee and making scrambled eggs (black pepper, salt and a little bit of chili flakes) with toast and some sliced fruit.
It was a beautiful morning, warm with some clouds t break up the heat, perfect if we were going to be outside all day and to be honest, we had no idea what we would actually be doing. 

Jessica came out of the shower with her hair up in a towel wearing low hanging grey sweatpants and a short black crop top which stopped halfway between her belly button and her breasts. I drank in the sight of her toned stomach and the teasing sight of how low her sweatpants were. We kissed good morning and I gave her her customary large coffee (about 600ml as she was used to drinking before class) and her eggs and toast. I had a glass of water approx 400ml and she joined me saying “Good idea, I don’t know how much alcohol they have planned for us today, this is a college party after all”.
She offered to clean as I had cooked (we never let the other clean at our own place anyway) and I went to go to shower.
By the time I came out of the shower and got dressed she was putting some beers from the fridge into a cooler bag and was ready to go so we left after packing our bags and recommended essentials and finishing off her coffee. 

We got to the meeting area about twenty minutes early as we wanted to talk to people and try get seats beside those we know and as we got talking to Jack and Sarah Jack explained he had brought a hip flask of whisky in case we were going partying later and when Jessica asked what Sarah brought she made a face at his choice of whisky (Scotch) she explained she had brought some beers. As the others arrived I noted a few familiar faces all of whom seemed dressed somewhat for the outdoors at least. Sensible footwear all around with everything from shorts to hiking trousers and sweatpants and bags that appeared softly stuffed full of spare clothes for the evening as was recommended. 

At 2:06pm we were all boarded and the bus took off, Alison and Georgia had arrived and we were sat as follows; Jessica and I in two seats about two thirds of the way down the bus on the left with me on the aisle seat, Alison and Georgia were across the aisle from us and Jack and Sarah in front with Sarah on the aisle seat and Jack against the window. He was quite tired so was going to try to nap for the first bus journey in order to be fresh for later. 

The organizer, a student named Ana introduced the partial (still secretive) day plan to us. It would take approximately an hour and a half to get to the first destination where we would be for about three hours, we would then have time to change before moving onto the next stage in a 1.5 hour journey and then to the second place for a few more hours followed by a 3 hour trip home.
I didn’t mind as I had booked off work this weekend as I didn’t know how late I would be out and was staying at Jessica’s tonight.
This being a bus full of college kids addicted to caffeine there was plenty of people with thermos full of coffee or energy drinks and many people were drinking water to deal with the warmth of the day, the windows couldn’t be opened too much due to the speed of the bus on the highway and the air-con was lacking slightly in power.
The conversation mainly revolved around speculation as to where we would be going first and also about how people’s summer had been. Many had jobs in the university town and so had stayed in the area for the summer despite being from different areas. Others had been home and so had tales of family and friends and how life is where they came from. 

This gave me somewhat of what I have read described as “wanderlust” or the desire to go traveling. I made a mental note to begin researching somewhere to go for the next holiday period, maybe Jessica could come too.
Between day dreaming and conversation the bus journey was uneventful besides a little bit of traffic which delayed us by a few minutes we arrived to a gate leading up a country lane way of sorts but just big enough for the bus to get through. We began driving up the lane way and realized where we were, our first surprise of the day was a zip lining/high climbing center, awesome!
They had told us to prepare for outdoors so no one seemed displeased about this. Ana told us we were here and Jack woke up just as the bus stopped and seemed excited at the idea of zip lining.
Due to the traffic we had been delayed slightly so we were rushed off the bus as Ana told us every few minutes of a delay at each stop would throw the next event off.

We were shown and introduction safety video by Andre, one of our instructors and afterwards we were sized for harnesses and helmets. One of the girls, Lydia I think her name was? (I only recognized her from the bus and occasionally on campus) asked Andre if there were bathrooms along the route as they were adjusting her harness over her tank top and short shorts and he laughed saying “It’s kind of difficult to sort plumbing out to the tree tops!” and asked if she had to go now as the only bathroom were here at the start or she could wait until the end but he would have to take off her harness. 

She said it would be fine and we should really get going, as Ana had said we shouldn’t be delaying at each stage of the day. Andre said “Good, its best to get going before the day gets too hot, there will be water available but there isn’t much shade at the top so we should make the most of these clouds” as he pulled her harness tight around her torso. I had noticed her sipping on an energy drink on the bus but figured she would be fine as she appeared fairly confident when Andre asked but obviously this had lead me to wonder what other “surprise adventures” this day may lead to. 

With that we were off, we got onto what seemed like giant golf cars, electric vehicles with open sides but each could hold about ten people. I sat with our group of friends with Jessica beside me who seemed excited to be here, she was somewhat into climbing (bouldering, indoor walls etc) and so to be outdoors doing something new but climbing related she was happy. 

There were a few “warmup” zip lines that were smaller and not so steep so we could get used to how to stop ourselves using the big thick leather glove they give you and it was very fun to try. It felt like I was flying through the treetops with the sun now shining down you could see over the trees for miles. 

Everyone seemed to be having fun and laughing at the platforms where we stopped between lines.
We finished these stages and there was a fountain at the bottom of the last one where the golf cars were waiting. After a bit of exercise in the sun people seemed thirsty and grabbed bottles from their bags and refilled their water bottles and hydrated themselves for the more serious zip lines we were going to go on. We were in the cars for about 3 minutes (seemed silly to me but then I realized how difficult walking in the harness would be uphill for even such a short time) and we got to the second stage.
We made our way though the zip lines before coming to the biggest one about halfway through the second stage. It was 700 meters between the two platforms but not so steep of an angle as some of the others. A couple of people went first until it was just me Jessica, Jack and Sarah and the girl Lydia and her friends and one of the instructors who was joining in the fun and conversation with the rest of us. We were all laughing and joking and getting to know one another better, I noticed however, the longer we waited the quieter Lydia was getting…. Interesting.
Eventually the queue moved down and now it was Jack’s turn. Jack is a big guy but he threw himself off that platform with enthusiasm and speed and he started going quick..well rather quickly, bellowing like Tarzan. He seemed to panic however at this great velocity halfway and began to brake very hard, eventually coming to a complete stop. 

The instructor muttered under his breath “its always on this one they get stuck”. The protocol for this was to get legs up onto the cable and shimmy along to the end of the line, this would prove to be quite a task as it was the longest line also but Jack began the crawling.
As we were deciding how to make fun of Jack for this later I noticed that Lydia seemed to be adjusting her harness belt trying to move it slightly away from her torso but it was on tight and she was watching Jack intently as he slowly moved along the line. She asked the instructor how many stages were left until the end of the zip lining and he told her not to worry, there were at least 4 more including the fastest, steepest one (last) but we should be done in the next forty minutes if Jack could avoid stalling on the next line. She answered with a sort of quiet “Oh okay” and bit her lip slightly.
We were all anchored in for safety on the platform so we would all have to go along the line in the order we were standing of which she was second last. Her friend Emily who was behind her said “Starting to regret insisting on trying those two new energy drink flavors on the bus here then Lydia?” and made to poke her in the stomach laughing. Lydia said jokingly “Stop or you’ll make me pee myself” but from the speed at which she avoided her friends hand made me wonder how much she was joking. 

Eventually Jack made it to the other side and we could begin moving again, It was my turn after a while and I avoided making Jack’s mistake, although I started out slower than he did I maintained my speed throughout and was able to enjoy the view of the river below tumbling over the rocks and the fallen trees without worrying about getting stuck. I wondered what Lydia and her filling bladder would make of the rushing sound of the water as she passed over. 

When zip lining one hand has to float over the cable to brake if need be and the other has to hold onto your anchor rope for stability so she wouldn’t be able to hold herself if need be but due to her earlier confidence I assumed she would be fine. It took about ten more minutes but eventually Jessica arrived with her eyes bright at the excitement of the zip line and Lydia’s friend group followed. When she eventually arrived herself she got onto the platform and laughed saying “one stage closer to relief” and when we all had arrived people began moving to the next stage.
Jessica asked Lydia “how are you getting on? Did you drink too much on the bus?” as Lydia was slightly shifting her weight from foot to foot at this stage. “Well my favorite soda brought out two new flavors and I was up late last night doing an assignment so I could come here today and I needed the caffeine so I naturally had to try the two of them on the bus, it was a total of 700ml and the water I had seems to be accelerated by the caffeine to my bladder. The waiting on the platforms is the worst bit but I’ll be fine”. 

I began to wonder myself how Jessica was doing with her extra large coffee and glass of water this morning as well as the extra bottle of water she had between the stages of zip lining and wondered if she ever had to go. I was unsure about a few of the other guys and girls abilities in the group but Lydia was by far the fullest of the lot of them.
By the time she landed at the next platform we had maybe 20 minutes of the 40 minute estimation the instructor had given her left. As soon as she was hooked up to the anchor on the platform she bent forward slightly and told Emily “No poking, this is getting serious” but she was still somewhat laughing about it. Obviously I was watching with interest but I noticed Jessica was too. “How does it feel?” she asked her. I was shocked, I would never think to ask a woman that, maybe because of my interests in desperation I would be too shy but coming from another woman it seemed a question of genuine curiousity. “Its coming in waves but it feels like my bladder is reaching capacity and just reminding me of how full it is every minute or so, at least I think the energy drinks have stopped filling it for now it isn’t getting any worse, this damn harness isn’t helping though” she said laughing and moving it around slightly.
To hear her desperation being described was amazing, I hoped that Jessica would ask again where I would not dare but I was puzzled as to her interest. I noticed her occasionally throw a glance Lydia’s way where it would linger for a moment anytime the other woman leaned forward or tried to readjust her harness. 

By the third last platform she had stopped joking and was bending forward to more of an angle now every couple of moments and would occassionaly cross her legs over one another and hold the position for a minute. As she was wearing such short shorts I could see her leg muscles tense when she done this as she was trying to hold back the flood. Jessica asked another question (I think I love this woman). “Are you sure those other drinks haven’t made their way down yet?” to which Lydia replied “No, I think my kidneys have decided to send a little more down, I feel like my bladder is stretched to it’s limit now, I really hope we get to the bathroom soon, I can feel each bladder spasm in my pee hole just waiting to burst out” she said all this through gritted teeth with a slight bitter laugh at the end. Her friend Emily, (who by now was no longer teasing her) and the instructor gave her encouragement and told her only two more platforms left just as I was taking off on the zip line.
I almost couldn’t enjoy the scenery as it was compared in my mind to the sight I had just witnessed. 

When Lydia arrived at the platform the others of the group had already started the last zip line as it was a much smaller platform than the rest, this was the last and fastest zip line of the tour so people were eager to get as much speed as possible and were having fun by the sounds of things from the hoots of joy. I was watching them when I heard her arriving. As she did Jessica and I turned around to see her land and immediately ram her hands into her crotch and bend over with her legs crossed. 

Her friend Emily landed and said “almost there girl just keep holding”. With a laugh Lydia said “I may not have to worry about that soon, my bladder might decide for me” as she stood up straight so they instructor could clip her on for the last zip line. She took a deep breath in and stood up with her legs crossed as the instructor TRIED to gently hook her on but this required some tugging and a small jump for her to be clipped onto the overhead line. She said “I can feel it about to come out, is the bathroom very close to the end point?” to the instructor. She was told they bathrooms were actually right at the end as “people usually have to go a little by the time it is all over.”
As usual we all went first with Lydia second last by the time she came down I was being helped out of my harness and Jessica was waiting for me before the bathrooms with our bags she had retrieved from the golf car type things. She had obviously built up a thirst and was sipping on some water out of her metal bottle she always had in her bag.
We watched as Lydia landed, immediately had to bend over and put both hands into her crotch and shuffled out of the way so Emily could land. She had to brace herself for a moment before she stood up so they could remove the harness and she hobbled over to the bathrooms past us.
Jessica watched intently and said “Wow, I can’t even imagine what its like to feel so full, I hope she makes it”.

“Can’t imagine what it is like to feel so full?” I thought, that was something to consider later for sure, for now my attentions were focused elsewhere as Lydia got to the bathroom where luckily for her there was only one girl ahead who let her skip after seeing her plight.
Before the door opened though, Lydia leaned forward and bent her knees and exclaimed “Oh no, not now”. It took her a few breaths but she stood back up with her legs crossed just as the door opened and she hobbled in, still holding onto herself for dear life.
After about a minute she came out and washed her hands at the sink outside and came over to us with a look of relief on her face. “Finally got some relief huh?” I actually dared to ask. “Yes she replied, I was probably seconds away from not making it, its a good thing we were told to bring spare clothes!” she laughed as she showed us a small wet spot on her denim short shorts.
I guess all shyness had been eroded away after us having seen her in such a state. 

We got back into the golf cars and moved back towards the bus for about ten minutes to seven. Doing some quick math that meant that Lydia had been holding it for about four hours since she finished her last drink before she had got to pee. Not bad at all, a few other people had been looking somewhat uncomfortable by the end but she was the focus of my attention.. and Jessica’s apparently. I still wondered about that and if Jessica herself was needing to go too as she had not visited the bathroom at the end as nearly everyone had besides me, Alison, Georgia and maybe two or three others. 

There were changing rooms beside the bus bay and so we all changed for what we were told would be, indoors and well dressed without being formal and so we all got changed and headed to our seats once more. As the physical part of the mystery tour had been finished now people began to open beers from coolers and hand them around. Ana told us before the bus pulled away that it would be about 1.5 hours again and to go easy on the beers as we would not have time to stop due to the earlier delays but to have fun and settle in and we would be there soon.
After such an eventful early afternoon I wondered how the rest of the evening would progress in terms of the mystery tour and also any further surprise desperation sightings as I watched many of the girls on the bus open beers. I watched Jessica finish her bottle of water and move onto a beer.. Maybe it would be an evening to remember..

**Hope you guys enjoy and any suggestions are welcome as this is essentially a learning while doing project for me. I am reluctant to give a time scale on the next update but judging at how busy life has gotten again it will be about the same time period as the last one. I have loads of ideas though so it is just a matter of putting them on screen!** 

*007*2020-09-18 20:55

This is taking longer than expected. Work/life is getting in the way but I am enjoying doing other things also. I am still forming the last part of this in my head so hopefully will be back to this soon with renewed energy! 

