What Can I Say? It's Complicated

Author: Char242

*000*2018-05-17 09:15

Chapter 1: A Saddist, a Cat, and Wetting!?

It was the last day of the school year and eighteen-year old high school second year Miia Nonaka was just finishing up cleaning duty for her class. As she emptied the dustpan and put the broom away, she found it hard to believe that in just a couple weeks she would be senior. Miia grabbed the trashcan and headed off for the dumpster outside. While walking past a couple of first year boys, she heard one of them say, “Did you see that really hot chick at the front entrance of the school?”

“The one with the long blonde hair and beautiful blue eyes who looked really refined? Yeah, I saw her. And unfortunately, so did that delinquent Endo,” replied the second boy.

Miia stopped in her tracks. The girl they were describing sounded familiar. Without thinking, she walked over to the two boys and asked, “This girl you are talking about, was she wearing a necklace with a crescent moon on it?”

“As a matter of fact, she was,” answered the first boy.

“I think she left with Endo,” added the second boy. “I bet they’re probably behind the school. What a girl like that sees in a guy like him is beyond me.”

“Thanks for the tip,” said Miia as she took off down the hall at full speed, trashcan still in hand. She only hoped that the girl they were talking about was not who she thought it was.

###

Just as the first-year student had guessed, Endo and the blonde girl were indeed behind the school. “I thought you said you saw Miia back here. Where is she?” asked the girl.

“I guess she must’ve already went home. But I’m available,” said Endo. His full name was Kenjiro Endo. He was a 6’3” and very muscular second year student. Kenjiro had the reputation for being the toughest delinquent in school. He was so tough that even the teachers were scared of him.

“Well then, I’ll just get going,” replied the girl. “Sorry to take up your time.” As she tried to walk away, Kenjiro grabbed her and slammed her into the wall.

“What’s the rush?” asked Kenjiro, an evil smile crossing his face. “Why don’t we get to know each other better?” Suddenly he felt something slam into his back. He spun around and saw a trashcan lying on the ground. Looking down at the trashcan, he screamed, “Whoever threw that is a dead man!” As he looked up, he saw a girl standing roughly twenty feet away. She was 5’4”, had long black hair tied up into a pony tail, and was wearing glasses with an open red frame. He recognized her as one of the girls who often assisted the disciplinary committee. He believed her name was Nonaka something or other. “Did you throw this at me?”

“Sure did,” said Miia. “Now let her go meathead.”

“What did you call me?!”

“I know you’re stupid, but you’re not deaf. Either you let her go or I will take her by force. Your choice.” Despite her tough sounding words, Miia was shaking on the inside.

“I don’t like hitting girls but you’re asking for it,” said Kenjiro as a vein began to bulge in his forehead.

“Bring it on sissy boy,” taunted Miia, seriously hoping that her self -defense training would be enough to take him down if he attacked her.

“YOU LITTLE BITCH!!!” he screamed as he charged her. Kenjiro threw the first punch. Miia easily sidestepped it. She then grabbed Kenjiro’s arm, and using Kenjiro’s momentum against him, flipped him over her shoulder before slamming him hard onto the ground. Before Kenjiro could react, Miia jumped on top of him and performed the iron octopus (a move where the attacker wraps their legs around their opponent’s neck while simultaneously wrenching one of the opponent’s arms backwards). Kenjiro screamed in pain, his left arm feeling like it could be dislocated any second. His screams were quickly cut off when Miia began squeezing her legs tight around his neck. At the rate things were going, Kenjiro would lose consciousness in less than a minute.

“I’ll let go if you admit defeat,” said Miia. Kenjiro didn’t respond, but Miia knew he was still conscious. “If you don’t submit soon, you’ll lose consciousness.”

“Screw you,” he gasped.

“Fine then, I’ll make this as quick as possible.” Miia began to squeeze tighter until Kenjiro lost consciousness seconds later. Once she was sure that Kenjiro was out cold, she released him and jumped to her feet. She ran over to the blond girl. “Lady Saya, are you alright?”

“I’m fine,” she answered as she looked over at the unconscious man lying on the ground, “although I think you went a little overboard.”

“I didn’t have a choice. As a servant to the Watanabe family, it is my duty to protect you,” stated Miia. For generations, the Nonaka family had served the Watanabe, a family with powerful connections in business and politics. Miia’s father was a live-in butler for the powerful family. From the time she was little, she had grown up with the knowledge that she too would one day serve the family. For the time being, she was for a lack of a better word, Saya Watanabe’s personal assistant.

Miia continued to stare as Saya, “What are you doing here anyways? You’re supposed to be back at the mansion. Does Boris-san even know you’re here?” The man to whom she was referring was Boris Ivanov, the forty-year old head of security for the Watanabe family. He had been working for the Watanabe family since the day Saya was born. Standing at 6’5”, he was an extremely muscular man trained in various forms of martial arts who could also bench press 300lbs without breaking a sweat. If his tall appearance and muscular frame weren’t intimidating enough, he also had a scar that ran down from above his right eye diagonally to his left cheek. Rumor around the mansion had it that he was a former assassin for the KGB. Of course, Miia didn’t believe this. To her, he was sort of like an uncle, although she would never say that out loud. In fact, he was the one who had trained her in self-defense.

“I got bored waiting at the mansion for you so I decided to come see what your school is like. Uncle Boris said it was alright as long as you are with me,” replied Saya. She then bowed her head down, her feet kicking at the dirt below her. “Are you mad at me?”

The truth about Saya was that she had never actually gone to school before. Saya had been born with an incredibly strange condition where the iris in her right eye could change from its normal blue color to a red or green color. What’s more, when her eye color changed, so too did her personality. Saya was the main personality. She was cheerful, optimistic, and despite being the same age as Miia, she was very childlike. The reason that she was childlike had nothing to do with her intelligence, in fact she was incredibly bright, rather it had to do with the fact that she was extremely naïve as a result of being sheltered her entire life.

When her right eye turned green, a personality named Kana would take over. Kana was typically calm, cool, and collected. She was the most mature and intelligent out of Saya’s three personalities and often acted as the voice of reason. The third personality was named Mai, and she would appear when Saya’s right eye turned red. Out of all the personalities, Mai was the most unpredictable and also the most dangerous. Mai was foul-tempered, brash, and sadistic. She took extreme pleasure in humiliating those who got on her bad side. Miia was her usual target, even if she had done nothing to set Mai off.

While Saya was aware of the existence of the other two personalities, she would have no memory of their actions whenever she reverted back to normal. On the other hand, the other two personalities had access to all of Saya’s memories. In addition to her inability to remember the actions of the other personalities, Saya had very little control over when one of the other personalities would manifest itself nor did she have the power to stop them. Because the Mai personality was so dangerous, Saya had been confined to the mansion, never able to go out in public without an escort.

“I’m not mad,” replied Miia. “I just wish you would show a little more caution.” She then turned her attention to Kenjiro who was still lying unconscious on the ground. “What are we going to do about him?”

“I have an idea, but I’m going to need you to get me a couple things,” said Saya.

###

As Kenjiro opened his eyes, he saw that someone was dangling something above his face. His vision was still too blurry to tell what it was. Instinct kicking in, he grabbed the person’s arm and tightly squeezed. “Owww, you’re hurting me,” squealed a female voice. As Kenjiro’s vision began to clear, he saw that the person dangling the object above him was the blond girl he had hit on earlier. In her hand was a wet cloth. “I was just checking the wet cloth I put on your head, so could you please let go?” Kenjiro did as the girl asked. Shifting his gaze, he saw that the girl who had knocked him out was standing just a couple feet away. The look on her face told him that she was ready to do it again if he tried anything.

“Why are you still here?” he muttered as he slowly sat up. The moment he did, he felt pain in his shoulder. Placing his hand on it, he felt something cold. Turning his head, he saw that a makeshift icepack had been tied to his shoulder. “Did you do this?” he asked turning his head towards the blond girl.

“No,” smiled Saya, “that was Miia’s doing.” She paused for a moment to straighten out the icepack. “You know, it’s not polite to attack girls.”

“Yeah, so what?” spat Kenjiro. “Just in case you haven’t noticed, I’m a delinquent. I do whatever I want when I want. You got a problem with that girly?”

“First off don’t call her girly,” said Miia as she walked closer to him. “Her name is Saya Watanabe and you should be thanking her since it was her idea that we help you in the first place.”

“Shut up bitch. I didn’t ask for your help,” retorted Kenjiro. Suddenly he felt a sharp pain on the side of his cheek. Turning his face towards Saya, he saw that her hand was raised and the palm was slightly red.

“Don’t talk to girls like that. It’s extremely rude,” exclaimed Saya her cheeks puffed up in an angry expression. The look on her face was so cute that it made Kenjiro blush.

“Sorry,” he muttered.

“It’s alright,” said Saya as she moved closer towards him. “Earlier you said you were a delinquent who does whatever he wants when he wants. Why? Don’t you care that your actions might be hurting others?”

“Hell no,” answered Kenjiro. “Why should I care about anybody else when it’s obvious that they don’t give a damn about me? All my life, people have looked at me and called me a freak because of my size and the look of my eyes. They’ve told me that I would never amount to anything and that I would end up rotting in a jail cell just like my old man.” He paused for a moment, the rage welling up inside of him. “I decided long ago that if a monster is what they want, then it’s a monster they’ll get.” As he looked into Saya’s eyes, he could see a trace of sadness in them. “I DON’T NEED YOUR PITY!” screamed Kenjiro

“It’s not pity,” said Saya as she placed a hand on his face. “I can see it in your eyes. You don’t want to be like this do you?”

“Shut up,” he yelled as he slapped her hand away. “You don’t know a thing about me!” Tears were beginning to well up in his eyes. “You don’t know what it’s like to be despised and hated over something that you can’t control.” Saya merely looked at him, the look in her eyes conveying a sense of understanding as though she too had experienced something similar. Then without warning, Saya wrapped her arms around Kenjiro and squeezed tightly. “What are you doing?” he screamed as he tried to push her off. “Let go of me!”

“You’re not a bad person,” whispered Saya.

“Shut up!” he screamed.

“You’re not a bad person,” she repeated, clenching him tighter.

“I don’t want to be like this,” admitted Kenjiro. By this time, tears were cascading down Kenjiro’s cheeks. “I want people to like me. I want to have real friends who care about me. I don’t want to be a monster.”

“Then man up and change,” shouted Miia. Kenjiro turned his head to see that Miia’s face was just inches from his. “It doesn’t do you any good to give up on yourself so easily. If you don’t want people to treat you like a monster, then prove to them that you’re a good person. You should give people a chance to see the real you because if I had to guess, he’s probably pretty great.”

“You think so?” sniffled Kenjiro as he wiped the tears away with his arm.

“Yeah,” agreed Saya as she pulled herself away from him. “Just be yourself and I’m sure you’ll find friends in no time. After all, you’ve already found two.” Kenjiro looked at Miia who nodded her head in agreement.

“We should probably get going,” said Miia as she looked at her watch.

“Ok,” replied Saya as she got to her feet. Taking one last look at Kenjiro, she said, “Try to stay out of trouble now.” As the two girls walked off, Kenjiro couldn’t help but think that these two girls were incredibly strange.

###

Shortly after their encounter with Kenjiro, Miia retrieved her bag from the classroom and the two girls began the journey home. They were a couple blocks away from the school when Saya’s stomach began growling. “Do you want to stop somewhere on the way home?” asked Miia, having noticed the grumbling sounds. Saya nodded in embarrassment. “There’s a crepe stand not too far from here.”

“That sounds nice,” said Saya as she tried to conceal her excitement, “I’ve never been to a crepe stand before.” Miia shook her head and laughed. Saya’s childlike personality was always a breath of fresh air. They arrived at the crepe stand minutes later. Saya spent several minutes looking at the menu, “I think I want the chocolate banana crepe.”

“Alright,” replied Miia. “Why don’t you go find us a seat?” Once Saya was gone, Miia began to place her order. “One chocolate banana crepe and one strawberries and cream crepe.”

“Coming right up miss,” answered a female voice that sounded familiar. Miia looked up and saw that it was her classmate and close friend Akira Tendo.

“Akira, what are you doing here?” asked Miia.

“My mother owns this stand. She’s sick today so I’m filling in for her.”

Miia took out her wallet and began rifling through it. “How much do I owe you?”

“Don’t worry, it’s on the house. I owe you at least that much for the notes you lent me for the science test. Now go take a seat and I’ll bring these to you when I’m done,” replied Akira as she began pouring the batter. Miia nodded her head and walked over to the table that Saya was sitting at. As she looked around, she noticed for the first time that they were the only ones there. A few minutes later, Akira came over to them, two piping hot crepes in her hands. “Here you are,” she said as she handed the two girls their crepes. She then pulled out a chair and sat down. Akira stared at the blond girl. After several seconds, she asked “Hey Miia, who’s your cute friend?”

“My name is Saya Watanabe,” answered the blond girl for herself. As she stared at the crepe girl, she couldn’t help but feel a little uneasy.

Akira’s face lit up. “Wait a second, you’re Saya! Miia has told me so much about you. All good things rest assured.” Staring at the girl’s smile, Saya could tell that there was something about her that she didn’t like. The puzzled look on Saya’s face reminded Akira of something important. “Oh, I almost forgot to tell you who I am. I’m Akira Tendo and I’ve been in the same class as Miia since the first year of middle school.”

“That’s odd,” said Saya her voice coming off as kind of cold.

“What’s odd?” asked a puzzled Akira.

“It’s just that Miia has never mentioned your name at home. Then again she never mentions anything about school.”

“I don’t talk to you about my school life because I don’t want to bore you,” replied Miia. In truth, Miia didn’t talk about her school life at home because she didn’t want to make Saya feel like she was missing out on anything.

“So, you don’t talk about me at home because you find me boring?” teased Akira.

“That’s not true,” said a flustered Miia as she bit into her crepe.

“I’m just teasing,” laughed Akira. “What you choose to talk about at home is your own business. By the way you have a little bit of whipped cream on the left side of your face.”

“Really?” asked Miia as she began reaching for the left side of her face.

“I’ve got it,” shouted Saya. Before Miia could stop her, Saya pressed her tongue to Miia’s cheek and licked the cream off. All the while, she had kept one eye on Akira.

“WHAT THE HELL!” screamed a blushing Miia as she jumped up from her seat, her hand placed against her cheek.

“Relax,” answered Saya. “I was just having a bit of fun. I mean we’re practically sisters after all.”

“Sisters?” echoed Akira, doing her best to hide her shock after witnessing the strange scene.

“Miia and I were raised together since we were infants so it only makes sense to think of ourselves as sisters.”

Akira thought about it for a moment, “Makes sense I guess.”

“By the way Tendo-san…”

Akira quickly interrupted Saya. “Please call me Akira.”

“Okay, Akira-san,” said Saya as she took a bite from her crepe. “You two seem to be very close for just a couple of classmates.”

“Of course we are,” agreed Akira. “Miia is my girlfriend after all.” The sudden declaration caused Saya to squeeze down on her crepe, causing chocolate to spew all over her hands and face.

“Saya, are you all right?” asked Miia as she handed her some napkins.

“Yeah, Akira-san just startled me a little is all,” answered Saya as she began wiping the chocolate from her hands and face. “I guess it makes since to call her your girlfriend since she is a girl who is a friend.”

“That’s not what I meant,” said Akira as she leaned in and gave Miia a quick kiss on the lips. “She and I are going out. I hope that’s not a problem.”

“Not at all,” smiled Saya. “Who Miia chooses to go out with is her own business. It just would’ve been nice to have a little warning.” Before she could say anything more, the group heard a customer over by the crepe stand call for service.

“Looks like it’s time to get back to work,” declared Akira as she stood up. “Well it was nice meeting you Saya-chan. I hope we can meet again real soon.”

“Likewise,” nodded Saya. She watched as the other girl went back to manning the crepe stand.

“Are you all right?” asked Miia, noticing a slight change in Saya’s mood.

“Just peachy,” responded Saya as she once again began eating her crepe. The two girls ate their crepes in awkward silence before beginning their walk home. The walk was equally as awkward with neither of them speaking a word on the way home. Even still, Miia was just happy that tomorrow was Saturday and that school was out for the next couple of weeks until the new school year started in April. Little did she know just what was awaiting her the next day.

###

It was 9:00 a.m. when Miia’s alarm went off. She got out of bed, threw some clothes on and began making her way for Saya’s room. As she knocked on Saya’s door, Miia thought about how they had hardly uttered a word to each other since arriving home the previous afternoon. After knocking on the door a couple times, Miia entered the room. The room was empty which was unusual as Saya rarely woke up before Miia did as Saya was not much of a morning person. “I bet she’s eating breakfast,” said Miia to herself as she began making her way down the stairs and towards the dining room. Sure enough, Saya was already sitting at the dining room table which could easily sit twenty-two people. She was sitting at one of the ends of the table nibbling on a piece of toast, her bedhead hiding her eyes. Miia sat down next to her, a plate having already been prepared for her. As she looked around, she noticed that the mansion seemed sort of empty. “It’s never this quiet. Where is everybody?”

“Daddy had a business trip and he took the staff with him and mom’s still in Paris for that fashion show,” mumbled Saya, “It’s just you and me until tomorrow night.” Despite being incredibly rich, the Watanabe family only had a handful of trusted live-in staff as Saya’s parents found it vital to keep her condition a secret from the outside world.

“I see,” replied Miia as she poured herself a cup of tea. Saya’s mother and father were hardly ever home and when they were, they pretty much ignored Saya. It had been this way since Saya was old enough to talk. Part of it was because they were busy, but their main reason was that they did not know how to handle a daughter whose personality could change at the drop of a hat. While Saya had every right to be angry at the world, she instead chose to greet each day with a smile on her face. On the other hand, Miia’s mother had died from an illness when Miia was six years old and her father was always serving Saya’s parents so she didn’t get to see him much. Unlike Saya, Miia couldn’t help but feel a little bitter. In fact if it weren’t for Saya, Miia would have likely run away a long time ago. As Mia took a sip of tea, she couldn’t help but notice it’s strange taste. “Hey Saya, do you know who made the tea this morning? It tastes a little weird.”

“I made it,” said an aggressive female voice. As Miia slowly turned her head towards Saya, she saw that her left eye had turned red. “It’s my special blend.”

“Mai,” gasped Miia as she shot up from her chair and slowly backed away from the table. “You know you’re not welcome here. Revert back to Saya right now!”

“No can do,” replied Mai. “I haven’t been in control of this body since New Year’s Day and now that I am, it’s time we have some fun. Come on, let’s play.” Mai watched as Miia reached into her pocket and pulled out her cell phone. “And just who do you think you’re calling?”

“I’m calling your dad so he can send someone over to deal with you.”

“I wouldn’t do that if I were you.”

“And why not?” retorted Miia as she prepared to dial the number.

“Because if you don’t do exactly as I say, I will call that Akira girl over here. I’m sure she’ll play with me in your stead. Of course when it comes to playing, I don’t know how to hold back.”

“Nice try, but as long as I have my phone in my hand, there is no way for you to contact her,” smiled Miia, feeling as though she had finally got one over on Mai.

“Oh really?” smirked Mai as she removed her own phone from her pocket. She proceeded to open the phone and pressed speed dial. Mai then showed the number to Miia. It was Akira’s.

“How the hell did you get that number?” gasped Miia.

“It wasn’t hard. I just snuck into your room while you were in the shower yesterday and copied the number to my phone. Now you have a choice to make. You can do what I say, or I will torment that girlfriend of yours.”

“Fine,” relented Miia, “I’ll do what you want, just promise that you’ll leave her alone.”

“You have my word,” promised Mai. “Now eat up, you’ll need your strength for what I have planned.” She watched as Miia sat back down and began eating breakfast. A wicked smile spread across Mai’s face. “Also, I want you to finish every last drop of tea, after all, I made it especially for you.” Miia did as she was told, knowing all the while that whatever Mai had planned was going to be trouble.

###

It was a little after 10:00 a.m. when Miia came out of the bathroom. Shortly after eating breakfast, Mai had handed her a box containing an outfit that she was to change into immediately. The outfit came in two pieces. The top of the outfit was a white tube top that only covered the immediate areas on and around her breast. The top and bottom of the tube top was covered with white fur. The bottom of the outfit was a pair of white shorts that were so short and snug that they were practically underwear.

For accessories, Miia had been forced to don a pair of cat ears, a tail, and a collar. While the tail and ears were certainly strange, the collar was the strangest of the accessories. The ends of the collar seemed to have magnetic ends because the moment the ends clasped together around her neck, she found that she couldn’t pull the collar off. As she waited for Mai at the bottom of the stairs, she couldn’t help but notice that the outfit fit her almost perfectly, as though it had been tailored specifically for her. Knowing Mai, that was a very real possibility.

“My, my, my,” called a voice from on top of the stairs. It was Mai. Mai had changed out of her pajamas and had tied up her hair in a ponytail. She was now wearing a black blouse and blood red skirt. As she walked down the stairs, she said, “It looks like that outfit I had made for you suits you quite well.” Once at the bottom of the stairs, she began circling around Miia. Then without warning, she grabbed hold of Miia’s ass and gave it a tight squeeze. “Well, that’s a shame.”

“What are you talking about?” squealed Miia as Mai continued to fondle her ass.

“It would seem that you gained a bit of weight back here. It’s probably all the sweets you’ve been sneaking.”

“I did not gain weight!” she screamed, her face red with embarrassment.

“It makes no difference,” smiled Mai as she bent down to get a better look at the fit of the shorts. “To tell you the truth, I think I like you a bit better with a little extra junk in the trunk.” She then proceeded to bite down on Miia’s ass.

“Stop!” she squealed as she felt Mai’s teeth press down on her skin through the fabric.

“Alright,” responded Mai as she backed off. She then walked in front of Miia and stared her down. “Now that our little foreplay is over, it’s time to get down to business. For your first task, I want you to clean the outdoor swimming pool.”

“But it’s the middle of March.”

“And you’re point?”

“It’s still too cold to be swimming outside, even if the pool is heated.”

“I know that.”

“Then why do you want me to clean it?”

“Because I always wanted to see you clean something while in a slutty cat getup,” smirked Mai. She then pulled her phone out of her skirt pocket. “Of course, I won’t make you do something you don’t want to do. I could always just call Akira over instead. Unfortunately, I don’t think I have anything that might fit her. I guess I could always have her wash the pool while naked.”

“I’ll do it,” relented Miia. “Just remember to keep your part of the deal.” She followed Mai to the outdoor pool where all the cleaning materials were already set up.

“Knock yourself out,” said Mai as she handed Miia a pool broom. She then walked over to one of the pool chairs and sat down. “Be sure to do a good job. I want to see my own reflection in every last tile.”

“Screw you,” muttered Miia under her breath.

“What was that?”

“Nothing,” replied Miia as she lowered herself into the now empty pool and began scrubbing the floor. It would take her almost an hour to finish just half of the pool floor. As she hosed down the portion that she had just scrubbed, she felt a tingling sensation in her bladder. She did her best to ignore it, but within minutes that tingling sensation became a painful throbbing sensation. Miia looked behind her and saw that Mai was sitting just above the pool, her red eye glaring down at her as she sipped her drink. “Hey Mai, I need to use the bathroom. Can I take a quick break?”

Mai continued to glare down at her. “Oh come on now, it’s been an hour and you still haven’t finished scrubbing the pool. As your supervisor I can’t allow you to take a break until you’ve at least finished scrubbing the entire pool floor.”

“But I’m going to wet myself,” complained Miia as she began jumping from one foot to the other.

“That’s fine,” replied Mai, “the suit your wearing is waterproof.” An evil smile came over her face. “Of course if you wet yourself, you’ll have to scrub the pool floor again.”

“You’re evil!” cried Miia as she tried to hold it in.

“I know right,” laughed Mai. “Now you better get scrubbing before you have an accident.” Just as Miia was getting ready to say something back, a loud buzzing filled the air. It was Mai’s cell phone. “Who could possibly be calling me right now?” As she opened her phone and looked at the number, she saw that it was her dad. “DAMN IT!” she screamed. “That man never calls unless he wants something!” She took a few deep breaths to settle herself before answering the phone.

“Hi Daddy, what can I do for you?” asked Mai in a spot-on impersonation of Saya. She went silent for a moment as the man on the other line told her what he wanted. “I see, I’ll email you the document from the computer in your study. I’ll call you when I pull it up. Bye.” As she hung up the phone, she screamed, “DROP DEAD YOU DAMN BASTARD!!!” Mai got up from her chair and looked down at Miia. “I have to go email a file to that bastard old man of mine. While I’m doing that, you are not to exit the pool. Try not to wet yourself while I’m gone.” With that, Mai turned her back to Miia and walked back into the mansion.

“Thank goodness, she’s gone,” said Miia to herself. By this time the desperation was so bad that she was having to use the broom for support. It took a few seconds for Miia to come to the decision that if she wanted to avoid wetting herself, she would need to disobey Mai’s orders. Moving quickly, Miia climbed up the pool’s steps and looked around. Mai was nowhere in sight. Miia figured that Mai would be gone for at least five minutes. That was more than enough time to void her bladder.

The only problem was that she couldn’t go back inside the mansion. There were two reasons for this. The first was that her bare feet were wet which would make it easy for Mai to tell whether or not Miia had entered the mansion. The second reason was that Mai might run into her before she could get back to the pool area. As she thought about what to do, she noticed some small rose bushes that were just tall enough that she could squat behind them without being seen. While it was not the most ideal choice, it was better than the alternative.

Miia made a mad dash for the bushes, yanked down her shorts, and squatted down. She quickly raised her head above the bushes to make sure that Mai hadn’t come back, before ducking back down. Miia’s muscles relaxed a bit as she released a thick flow of urine into the grass and dirt beneath her. She watched as it pooled and foamed. “I didn’t think I had to go this much,” she whispered to herself as she closed her eyes. She soon lost track of time. By the time she was done, the ground was completely drenched with her piss.

“Tsk, tsk, tsk,” came a noise from above her. As Miia opened her eyes, she was shocked to see Mai standing on the other side of the rose bushes. Miia yanked her pants up and jumped to her feet. Mai glared at her, “You know, I was honestly thinking about giving you a bathroom break if you had been a good girl and done what I told you to. Unfortunately, you’ve violated my trust and now you have to be punished.” Miia watched in horror as Mai lifted her phone.

“This is gonna hurt me a lot more than it’s going to hurt you.” Mai then pressed the button. A buzzing sound filled the air but it wasn’t coming from Mai’s phone, rather it was coming from the collar around Miia’s neck. As Miia looked down at the collar, Mai pressed another button on her phone. A split second later, Miia was on the ground writhing in pain as a sudden jolt of electricity exited the collar and entered her body. It only lasted a few seconds, but those few second were more than enough to get Mai’s point across. Mai walked behind the bush and bent down in front of Miia. “I guess I was wrong because I didn’t feel a thing.”

“YOU BITCH!” screamed Miia as she lunged for the phone. Only Mai was a bit faster. Miia’s body convulsed once more as another jolt of electricity entered her body, this one a little bit stronger than the first.

“Bad kitty,” scolded Mai. She then lifted Miia’s chin. “Now you know the punishment for bad little kitty cats. If you don’t want another jolt of electricity, I suggest that you do as I say.”

“Yes ma’am,” gasped Miia as she slowly sat up.

“Good, now get back to work,” she ordered. Miia stumbled a couple of times before finally managing to get to her feet. As she made her way back to the pool, she found herself grateful for the fact that she had managed to empty her bladder.

###

It was almost 2 p.m. when Miia finished scrubbing the entire pool. The electric shocks she had received earlier had been great motivators for her to finish the job quickly. As she got out of the empty pool, she felt another surge strike her bladder, this time much stronger than what she had experienced earlier. The pain was so bad that she fell to her knees. “This is impossible,” she said to herself as she doubled over in pain, her hands pressed tightly against her crotch. “I completely emptied my bladder and I haven’t drank anything since breakfast. There should be no reason that I have to go this bad.”

Miia heard laughing. As she looked up she saw that Mai was standing in front of her. “It looks like my special tea is finally starting to kick in.”

“What did you do to me?” cried Miia, the pain growing worse by the second.

“Don’t worry, you won’t die. I merely gave you tea spiked with a powerful diuretic. The first time you went, it was because of the amount of tea I forced you to drink. This time hurts more than before because the diuretic is forcing your kidneys to produce urine from fluid that your body doesn’t have to spare. Essentially, you’ll keep peeing until your body flushes the chemicals out or dehydrates itself. Whichever comes first.”

“I get it,” grunted Miia. “I did as you asked of me and cleaned the entire pool. Now can I go to the bathroom.”

“Not happening,” replied Mai. “You disobeyed my orders once, now you get to deal with the consequences. You’re going to stay in this spot until you wet yourself. Fair warning, I will shock you if you try to stand up or pull your pants down.”

“That’s fine by me,” said Miia as she got herself into a sitting position. “I’ll sit here, but I will not wet myself. I’ll prove to you that I can take your abuse.”

“Let’s see you try to hold out,” smirked Mai as she sat behind Miia. She then wrapped her arms around Miia. Mai placed one of her hands down Miia’s pants, while grabbing onto one of Miia’s breasts with the other.

Miia moaned as Mai began massaging her crotch and breast. “Is that the best you got?” taunted Miia as she struggled to keep her composure.

“I’m just getting started,” Mai whispered into Miia’s ear. Suddenly Mai began nibbling on Miia’s ear lobe. As she did this, she pressed down harder on Miia’s crotch and began squeezing Miia’s breast tighter. Miia moaned, but she refused to give in. A couple minutes passed without anything happening. “You really are a stubborn one, aren’t you? Can’t you see that your body is in pain? All you have to do to relieve it is just let it flow.”

“I won’t,” moaned Miia. “Purposely wetting oneself as an adult is both indecent and disgusting.”

“Is it really?” asked Mai in a seductive tone. “The only reason you find it disgusting is because you don’t know the true pleasures of it do you. Just imagine that warm wet feeling running down your crotch and legs as you bathe yourself in your own juices. Oh god, just thinking about it is starting to make me wet.” Miia felt Mai’s grip loosen.

“You’re a pig!” screamed Miia as she thrust the back of her elbow into Mai’s gut. Using all the strength she could muster, Miia sprung to her feet and made a dash for the house. She was mere feet from the door when a powerful electric current ripped through her body and brought her to her knees. Suddenly the ground beneath her felt wet. At first she thought that she had ripped up her knees, but as she looked down she saw that it was much worse. The once white shorts she was wearing were growing yellower with each passing second. Pressing down on her crotch in an effort to push back the flood, she rose to her feet in a last-ditch attempt to run inside the house.

“I don’t think so,” shouted Mai as she pressed the button again. Miia screamed as the shock hit her. Mai watched with satisfaction as the last shock finally caused the dam to burst. A golden downpour came spewing from beneath Miia’s shorts. Roughly ten seconds later, the poor girl collapsed into her own piss lake. Her face became a mixture of both embarrassment and relief. It took four minutes for Miia’s bladder to completely empty. By the time she was done, her piss lake had become a piss ocean. Mai walked up to her and taunted, “Do you feel better now?”

“Go to hell,” yelled Miia, tears of anger forming in the corners of her eyes.

The smile on Mai’s face turned to pure rage as she said, “It looks like you still need to be punished.” With that, Mai hiked up her skirt, revealing that she wasn’t wearing underwear. Suddenly a jet of piss gushed out of Mai’s crotch and slammed into Miia’s body. Within seconds, Miia’s front was almost completely covered in piss.

“Stop,” she gasped as she tried to keep it out of her mouth.

“Why should I?” taunted Mai. “You’re already drenched in piss anyway, so what does it matter if I spray you a little more?”

Something finally snapped in Miia. “I TOLD YOU TO STOP!!!” she screamed at the top of her lungs as she lunged forward and buried her neck in Mai’s crotch

“LET GO!” yelled Mai.

“NO!”

“THEN TAKE THIS!” Mai pressed the shock button again. However, in her anger she failed to realize that she was peeing against Miia’s collar. Mai began to convulse as electricity moved from the collar, up through the urine stream, and finally into her body. The shock was enough to send her sprawling backwards. As she lay on her back, she could feel the remaining contents of her bladder pool beneath her. “She got me,” she muttered to herself. Mai could feel her vision getting blurrier. Before she knew it, Miia was standing over her, the collar in her hand.

“Tell me why you did this or I swear to god that I will put this collar around your neck.”

“You really don’t get it do you,” laughed Mai. “No matter what you do, no matter where you go, you will always belong to Saya. I was simply reminding you of your place as her property.” And with that, she passed out.

Less than a minute later, the blond girl opened her eyes, except this time her right eye was once again it’s normal blue color. She was Saya again. “Where am I and why am I covered in pee?” Her attention suddenly turned to Miia who was standing in front of her. Saya got to her feet and looked her friend over. “Miia, why are you wearing that slutty cat suit and why are you covered in pee as well?” As she reached out her hand, Miia slapped it away.

“Stay the hell away from me!” shrieked Miia, tears flooding her eyes. And with that she ran into the house leaving a still stunned Saya behind.

“What the hell did I do?” she asked herself as tears began pouring down her cheeks. Suddenly she felt lightheaded. Another possession was happening. She fell to her knees as another personality slowly began taking hold of her body.

###

Miia was in the bathroom hosing herself down when she heard a knock on the door. Grabbing the wash bucket, she yelled, “Don’t you dare come in here!” Everything was silent for a moment. Then the door slowly opened as an eye became visible through the crack. It was green.

“Miia, it’s Kana. Can I please come in?” asked the green-eyed girl.

“Do what you want,” replied Miia, no longer having the strength to fight back. Miia watched as Kana entered the bathroom and shut the door. She was completely naked. “What do you want?”

“I came here to clean this body off,” replied Kana. “It wouldn’t be very good if Saya caught a cold from being drenched in urine.” Kana then grabbed the shower head and began washing off Saya’s body. When she was finished, she turned to Miia and asked, “Do you mind if I wash your back?”

“I don’t care,” muttered Miia as she turned around. Her body shivered a bit as she felt the soapy sponge hit her back.

“Miia, I want to apologize for Mai’s behavior. What she did was truly despicable, but you must not blame Saya for it.”

“Why shouldn’t I? Mai is a part of her so anything she does is on Saya’s behalf. Tell me I’m wrong.”

“Sadly, I can’t. However, I will ask this. Have you ever stopped to consider why Mai tends to attack you in the first place?”

“Because she’s a total sadist who likes to see me suffer.”

“While it’s true that she is a sadist, your assessment of her is incorrect. Like me, she is trying to help Saya. Only we go about it in completely different ways.”

“What do you mean by help her? Is there something wrong with Saya that she isn’t telling me?”

“I’m sorry but that is something that I cannot tell you. All I can tell you is this. While Saya has a biological family, you are the only one she truly considers family. Now that I have said my piece, I must take my leave. Please enjoy your bath.”

Miia watched as Kana left the bathroom. “Family, huh?” said Miia to herself as she got into the bath.

###

It was the middle of the night as Miia lied in bed. Her mind was still racing over the conversation she had with Kana. Suddenly she heard a knock at the door. She remained silent as the door slowly opened. Standing at the door was the blond girl. “Which one are you right now?” asked Miia as she got out of bed. Miia was wearing nothing but a pair of panties due to the fact that she tended to get night sweats when she wore shirts to bed.

“It’s Saya,” said the girl as she walked closer. Sure enough, both her eyes were blue. “I wanted to apologize for what happened. Kana left me a note detailing what Mai did to you while she had control of my body.”

“I’m sorry Saya, but I can’t forgive Mai or you.”

“Why not? I can understand why you don’t want to forgive Mai, but why won’t you forgive me?”

“Because you’re hiding something from me and whatever it is your hiding caused Mai to attack me.”

“I’m not hiding anything.”

“Quit lying!” shouted Miia. The room went deftly quiet. Suddenly a flash of lightning illuminated the room. Thunder shook the room a split second later. It was enough to cause Saya to lunge forward in fear. She wrapped her arms around Miia and buried her head in Miia’s breasts, her legs trembling to the point that the poor girl could barely stand. “It’s alright,” said Miia. “It was just a bit of thunder is all.” The room was silent for a few more seconds.

“I’m sorry,” mumbled Saya, her head still buried in Miia’s large breasts. “The reason Mai attacked you was because I was angry that you never tell me anything about school or your friends. We used to be so close and now it feels like we’re drifting apart. When I found out that you had a girlfriend, I got scared that she would take you away from me. Mai was only trying to scare you into staying away from Akira-san.” Saya looked up from Miia’s breasts, “Please forgive my selfishness.” Her gaze shifted back down again as she waited for Miia’s response.

“Idiot,” screamed Miia as she wrapped her arms around Saya and pulled her in tight. “Why didn’t you tell me what you were feeling sooner?” Saya didn’t even have to look up to know that her friend was crying, but still she looked into her friend’s tear stained face. “You’re my sister. You know that you can tell me anything.”

Saya buried her face once more into Miia’s breasts. “I was so lonely,” she sobbed.

Miia squeezed her tight. “I know and I promise that I won’t ever let you feel that way again.” As the thunder raged on outside, the two girls hopped into the same bed and fell asleep, just like they used to when they were children.

To be continued…
