Good Kitten (Harry Potter fanfic)

Author: crazymj

*000*2017-04-05 21:00

(This is a story I just wrote. I've never written anything like this before with a omorashi fetish in it. This is also the first thing I've posted on this site because I really wanted to share this story and wrote it with a big desire to pee. Which I'm not doing until I post this. I felt like sharing that fact and this was the only place I felt I could share it. Please enjoy.)

Good kitten.docx

The soft beams of the morning sun woke Harry from his sleep. He stretched and laid back against the soft bed. His body was sore all over after having just won the World Quidditch Cup last night. All Harry wanted to do now was spend the day in bed. He didn’t even feel like getting up to get food or go to the bathroom.

Rolling over Harry noticed that Rodolphus was already up. He must have known Harry would be tired and didn’t want to disturb him. He pulled his love’s pillow close to his face and inhaled. He loved the way the other smelled. Though of course he would have preferred him there instead of just the pillow. It was almost worth getting up just to go find him. But Harry reasoned that Rodolphus had work he had to get done anyways. So, he probably wouldn’t be able to get more than a quick kiss and an ‘I love you’ before Rodolphus would have to go back to focusing on his work. Sure, Harry could lay on the couch in his study watching him. Something that Harry did enjoy doing and showing Rodolphus he could be a good well behaved boy and not disturb him.

Instead Harry grabbed a book off the bedside table. Hermione had been bugging him for weeks now to read it. So, it was as good of a time as any to do so. He got comfortable and opened the book up. It really was good and now knew why she had suggested it to him.

As he read he realized his plan of not getting out of bed all day was not going to work. Rolling over on to his stomach he felt the pressure in his bladder and knew he would soon have to take care of that. But he decided he would wait till he had finished the chapter he was on. Glancing over at the clock, 3 pm, he hadn’t realized how late it had gotten and now understood why his body was demanding attention.

Just as he finished the chapter and set the book aside he heard the door to the bedroom opening. He smiled seeing Rodolphus there. “Did you just wake up?” His boyfriend asked as he walked into the room.

Harry shook his head and sat up on his knees, something he always did when Rodolphus would stand in front of him like that. He liked being the obedient little kitten that Rodolphus called him. “I’ve been up for a couple hours actually.”

“Then surely you’ve eaten already.” He stroked Harry’s cheek. He loved looking down on his love like this. “What did you have?” Harry frowned and looked away. He knew his dom would be disappointed in him for not eating. Harry had a history of not eating enough so Rodolphus had set rules for him that he had to eat something at every meal and would check if it was enough. Though usually they ate together so it had been awhile since Harry had been questioned about it.

“I wasn’t hungry. I haven’t gotten out of bed yet. I was just about to get up though. I really need to pee and then I was going to get something to eat.” Harry made a move to stand up but, Rodolphus placed a hand on his shoulder forcing him back into his kneeling position.

“That is what we have house elves for.” Rodolphus sighed. He honestly couldn’t understand why the other refused to call on the house elves to help him. “No, you’re staying in bed until you eat. And eat enough. You’ve skipped two meals.” Rodolphus called for one of the house elves and told it to bring up sandwiches, fruit salad, some cookies, and a pitcher of water for Harry.

“While we wait can I please go to the bathroom?” Harry asked which earned a glare from the larger male.

“What did I tell you?” Rodolphus didn’t like repeating himself but, he would make Harry repeat his words if his didn’t follow a command.

“That I’m to stay in bed until I eat.” He hadn’t realized that was a command exactly. Just thinking about how much longer he would have to wait until he could relieve himself made the pain that much worse. He would just eat quickly though. “Is this my punishment for not eating on my own?”

“Yes. It seems fitting. You feel like neglecting yourself than I will show you how bad that can be.” Just then the house elf was back with the food. “You may get off your knees now. And I expect you to eat every last bite and drink every last drop. You must be dehydrated from playing yesterday. I would have made you eat more if it wasn’t so close to dinner time.”

Harry sat back and took the tray. Seeing all that food he knew it would be awhile before he got to go. Then looking at the water it made his need ever more pressing. The condensation rolling down the side of the pitcher. He had to grab himself to keep from peeing his pants right there.

As he ate Rodolphus sat beside him and stroked his hair though. Which made it slightly better. At least he was still getting affection from his love. He took sips of water and Rodolphus kept refilling his glass. It felt like the pitcher would never end.

After he ate everything he looked at Rodolphus. “May I please go to the bathroom now?” He knew he would need to get permission before he could go. He frowned when the other shook his head though.

“You haven’t finished your water yet.” Rodolphus said shaking the pitcher to show him that it was still quite full. Harry leaked a little just thinking about how much was left. He grabbed his glass and downed it quickly coughing as he did. Rodolphus refilled his glass. “Not so fast. You’re supposed to be rehydrating not drowning yourself.”

Harry nodded and drank the next glass slower. But his bladder was already so full he was sure he was going to burst if his didn’t go right now. “There’s only one more glass.” Rodolphus informed him as he refilled it again and set the pitcher and the tray to the side.

Harry went to down this one quickly too so he could go already but Rodolphus took the glass from him and slowly lifted it to Harry’s lips. When he had barely gotten a sip, it was pulled away again. Rodolphus repeated it for a second time and again as the water barely passed his lips it was pulled away again.

“Please.” Harry whimpered and held himself as another drop slipped from his bladder and added to the small wet patch on the front of his boxers. Looking at his dom he noticed the smirk on his face. Was he really getting enjoyment from seeing Harry like this? Then Harry noticed Rodolphus’ other hand. At some point, he had undone his zipper and he cock was standing straight out hard as a rock. He was slowly stroking himself.

Harry had to look away though as the glass was pressed to his lips again. This time though he felt a tug on the back of his head as now Rodolphus was pulling his hair to tilt his head back. Apparently, he has reaching his braking point too because not all the water made it into Harry’s mouth this time dribbling down his chin as he tried desperately to swallow it all.

Once the glass was empty Harry heard it being set down on the bedside table. “On your knees.” Rodolphus said to him. Harry could hear the desire in his voice but, it didn’t overshadow the command and authority that pierced the words. Harry felt a twinge in his cock at that tone. He could get instantly hard when his dom spoke to him like that.

Harry got on his knees sitting pretty for the man in front of him. Rodolphus had stood then his cock still standing at attention with precum forming at the tip. Harry felt his collar being tugged as Rodolphus looped a finger in it and pulled him forward so he was right on the edge of the bed now. He looked up at the man before him who was looking over him with lust filled eyes.

“What is this? Did we spill some water?” Rodolphus pressed two fingers into the wet spot on the front of Harry’s boxers causing Harry to dripple a little more. “To warm for that.” Harry couldn’t believe what happened next seeing his dom lift though fingers to his face and sniff. Rodolphus smirked at his then. “Someone’s been a bad boy and wet himself. This can’t be all though. I’m sure your bladder is still ready to burst from the way you were talking. Ok, I finally give you permission to go.”

Harry was so thankful and went to stand up. But then he felt a strong hand on his shoulder. “No, right here. If you are so fine with wetting yourself do it right here in front of me.” Rodolphus smirked and stepped back so he could see better.

The thought of it was so embarrassing to Harry that for a moment he didn’t think he could do it. That was before he realized his bladder was doing a better job at following orders from his dom than his brain was. The wet spot on his boxers was huge now. The urine flowed from the bottom too as he felt a warm wet streak going down to leg to form a wet spot along the edge of the bed and on to the floor in front of him. Harry’s cheeks were bright red but it also felt so good to finally let go.

The stream finally turned into a trickle and Harry was done. He had a hard time meeting his dom’s eyes but, did when he felt his chin being forced up. “You are a dirty boy, wetting yourself like that. Stand up.” Harry did as he was told and stood careful to avoid the urine soaked spot. “No in your piss. You did it you stand in it like a bad kitten.”

Harry nodded and did as he was told. He hated being called bad though. Once he was in the spot though he felt Rodolphus stroke his hair. “Good kitten.” He corrected himself. “You are following orders nicely. But, you have caused me to get so hard. You need to take care of it. Kneel.”

Harry eagerly got down on his knees but, made sure he still sat pretty for the man in front of him. The puddle was cooling off now but, down here Harry could smell it so much more. He felt his cock twinge again, He hadn’t realized how hard he had gotten from being embarrassed like that. Harry reached forward to take hold of Rodolphus’ hips but, his hands were slapped away.

“You’re still being punished. No touching.” Harry frowned. Rodolphus knew how much he loved feeling the other’s skin under his fingers. “Hands behind your back.” Harry did was he was told clasping them behind his back lacing his fingers together so he wouldn’t touch. “Open wide.” Harry obliged of course opening his mouth wide for the man in front of him. He couldn’t wait to taste the cock in front of him that was still dripping precum. Harry stuck out his tongue and licked a bead of it off. As he did so Rodolphus grabbed his hair and thrusted into his hungry mouth.

Harry moaned deeply. He loved being face fucked like this. Being treated like he was just an object there to be used for Rodolphus’ pleasure he got instantly hard. As he felt the cock sliding in and out of his mouth Harry’s own cock now filled with a new need to be released.

It didn’t take Rodolphus to long before he pulled out completely which earned a whimper from the smaller male in front of him. He smirked down at him as he sprayed his face with cum tough. He made sure some landing on Harry’s tongue since he knew the other enjoyed tasting him.

Harry eagerly swallowed what fell into his mouth and licked up the rest his tongue could reach. Then he suddenly felt himself being tugged up to his feet by his collar. Rodolphus’ mouth crushed hungrily against his own. It was the first kiss they shared all day and Harry wanted so badly to throw his arms around Rodolphus’ neck and pull him in closer but, he had been commanded not to touch.

Pulling back Rodolphus smirked seeing Harry’s hands still clasped behind his back. “You can touch now.” Harry smiled and pulled him into a kiss. As he did Rodolphus felt Harry’s hard cock brush against his leg. Harry gasped into the kiss then and they felt a new warm spot form between them.

“Is the feel of my leg really all it took for you to come?” Rodolphus stroked Harry’s hair lovingly now. Harry nodded sheepishly.

“After all that…yeah.” He couldn’t look Rodolphus in the eye after admitting that. But, his chin was soon tilted up and he felt a soft gently kiss grace his lips this time.

“I have such a good kitten. Now let’s get you cleaned up.” Rodolphus said softly and got them both undressed. He scooped Harry up bridal style and ran a bath for the two of them.

As they soaked together Rodolphus took extra care to make sure Harry was clean and messaged his muscles, which Harry hadn’t even realized ached until then. Once they were both clean Rodolphus drained the tub and got them both out drying them off.

Going back into the bedroom they were both glad to see the house elves had come and cleaned everything up. It was almost like it hadn’t happened. But of course, the memory would live on in both their minds.

Lying in bed together Rodolphus played with Harry’s hair. “Who would have known we would both enjoy that so much?” Rodolphus said smiling down at his love. “Unless you’ve been keeping this kink from me.” It wasn’t unlike Harry to not express his desires because he was afraid of the reaction he would get.

“No I didn’t know either. I didn’t think I would enjoy being embarrassed like that. I guess it’s just because it’s you. So, you didn’t plan this?” Harry asked looking up at him.

“How could I have planned that you would go hours without eating or using the bathroom? And I didn’t know I would enjoy seeing you wet yourself either. But there was just something so sexy about you squirming like that and then letting yourself be so vulnerable in front of me. This does not give you permission to do this all the time though. I still expect you to take care of yourself.” Rodolphus told him and gave him a soft kiss.

“I will. I’m sorry I went so long without eating today. Time had just gotten away from me.” He ran his hands over Rodolphus’ chest glad to be able to touch him now. “I love you.”

Rodolphus smiled and gave him a kiss with all the love he felt. “I love you too. You are such a good little kitten.”


