Desperation in New House

Author: Crazi Mathx

*000*2023-09-24 17:54

Hi guys!! Its my first Omorashi story, I have written some good CBT stories in the past this is the first time I am posting an Omo one, Its obviously incomplete, i have completed the story except for the ending(Im mostly into holding pee rather than pee itself). I am a lazy person so i decided to post a part of it, or else i would never post it.Please feel free to suggest anything, also it isnt a long story just a short one divided into some parts.The story is set to be in India(southern part especially!).

Hope you guys enjoy!

It was 6 in the morning, Ria was just waking up, naked, with her husband Hari on her side naked too. Last night they had a party at their house, their new house after years of hard work put together finally they could afford to build a new house. Ria was still dreamy with last nights thoughts and then noticed Hari's erection, she smiled and proceeded to stroke it gently. Hari slowly waking up understood whats was going on and smiled.

Ria, while stroking Hari felt a sudden chill, she was enjoying this but still felt little off, then her focus shifted to her bladder. She tried to remember when she last peed, last night before sleeping both Hari and her didn't peed since, as soon as the guests left both of them got little 'frisky' and even during the entire party both of them had been serving the guests and showing them around their house. Ria gasped at realization that it has been more than 12 hours she and Hari eed last. After realizing this she became a lot desperate and decided to run to the washroom. 

She crossed her legs tightly and kept one hand on her crotch while other still busy on Hari's erection and then she said to her husband;"Hari , I haven't peed in the last 12 hours, can you wait till I come back?" Listening to this Hari said;"Al!! you gotta be kidding me. There's no stopping now. Please?? Continue for a while, you are a 29 year old woman, you should hold it." Ria nodded and continued stroking now faster. Realizing that Hari is going to ejaculate soon she went for the tissue box on the night stand. She grabbed two tissue papers and placed on Hari 's trembling penis and put other on her pee hole to give her a sense of security.

Edit:just changed their names to indian ones

*003*2023-10-06 06:12

Continuation:

She was stroking his penis and was now increasing the pace as she had to pee desperately. She sighed in relief as she noticed his hips were pumping upwards as this was his 'sign' that he was about to orgasm. Soon enough Ria noticed the tissue getting wet, eventually his erection died off and it was back to normal. Hari still lying on the bed breathing heavily and said to her;"That was just amazing". Ria was super turned on but suddenly she remembered her need to pee. Quickly she wiped off his penis with another tissue and slowly got up and crossed her legs tightly and walked to towards their only bathroom.

Soon after that Hari noticed his bladder was too full he then got up and walked towards the bathroom only to find Ria standing front of the toilet crossing her legs, and hands on her crotch. He asked her what happened to which she replied with tears in her eyes:"Yesterday's party happened!! What else!!" Hari with a confused look walked towards the toilet and saw that the toilet was clogged. He then looks at her and advised her to use the sink. She was reluctant but her bladder told her otherwise. She didnt want her sink to stink, not today as her parents were visiting and it would be embarrassing if they found out their married daughter is still peeing in sinks. 

So she turned the tap but no water came. She crossed her legs and used her hands to hold her flood gates closed. Hari was shocked looking at the tap as he there was water lat night for the party.Ria looked at her husband and said:'I need to pee very badly, what about you?'. 'Ya, i am desperate too! Hold on let me call the President!' He went to the other room to call him and he told that today was maintenance day and that it would be over before noon, they had forgot to inform him since he had recently shifted.

As she heard the news her bladder leaked and few droplets escaped from her pee hole, she then crossed her legs and started her pee dance. As she knew there was no other way she asked Hari to let her pee outdoors, to which he was extremely reluctant and said:'No way you are going too outside!! You are a lady, I cant let the neighbors see that, ever imagined what would happen to my image?'.

He then paused for a moment put on a T-shirt and shorts and said to her:'I am going to pee near the tree, I know it is unfair but someone needs to relived to help the other.' Ria argued that they were in this together but he shut her down and advised her to get dressed as she was completely naked. As Hari stepped out to pee, Ria ran away from him so that she couldn't hear him pee or else she too would pee herself right there on the floor. After taking a full minute Hari returned with relief in his eyes and told her that she *just* need to hold for 1 more hour as he just got the update on the maintenance work and he also called a plumber to fix the toilet.

Ria spoke nothing and wore a dark blue colored nighty with no panties as she knew the waist band of the panties would tighten her bladder. She decided to prepare the for lunch, Hari helped her with most of the cooking as it and soon the door bell rang, it was the plumber. Hari order his wife to wear some panties as he didnt want her wife to be without any underwear near another man!

The story is almost over but I am confused about the ending will end it soon!! Also tell me your reviews!!!

{{On 9/27/2023 at 5:07 AM, Frankfrankfran said:

Good story would definitely love to read more. And maybe have him return the favor

}}

Happy to know that you liked it! Sure thing

