The Last Year Before They Grew Up

Author: Caraxes

*025*2022-11-25 14:43

This chapter is a sequel of sorts to Chapter 4: The Business Case so it may be good to refresh yourself on it. It will also reference the events of Chapter 2 where Victoria and Jules were introduced.

Warning: Messing is featured in this story.

Chapter 8: Sisterhood and Revenge

Hannah wished that this weird Middle Eastern French girl would fuck off. Okay, yes, she did admittedly meet the hot criteria that Hannah set up in her head for deciding who to be friends with, but she was clearly such a fucking nerd. Green eyes, a button nose, caramel skin, freckles and brown hair might make her appealing to look at but they couldn’t change her bland nature Hannah mused to herself. Hannah could not possibly fathom why Victoria had insisted on bringing her along to the sorority pledge or why Bella had acquiesced and let her come. A fourth year couldn’t pledge to be in the sorority and this girl, Jules or whatever, was one. There was literally no reason for her to be in attendance, yet here she was making them all tea in the common room.

In the weeks since the business case and Victoria’s humiliating pee accident in front of everyone, the group dynamic had shifted severely. Hannah had worked to make herself the new group leader and Bella, happy to be a follower, listened to her every command and laughed at all her jokes. Victoria had become much more sullen and quiet as a result. The teasing from people in their program about the videos that Hannah had posted online had really gotten to her and her confidence had dropped significantly.

The once confident blonde now showed up to class in primarily sweatpants and sweaters that hid her curves. She had dark rings under her eyes from a lack of sleep and Hannah was amused to see her gaining some weight from stress eating. Victoria’s boyfriend Lucas had found the videos online and broken up with her, leaving Victoria utterly distraught at how shallow he had proven himself to be. Her lifestyle was declining and people finally stopped looking to her as the popular it girl. Hannah was more than happy to take her place.

As Jules and Victoria discussed something stupid in the corner of the common room kitchen, Hannah announced that she was going to find Bella and marched off down the hallway towards their shared bedroom carrying both the teas for her and her friend. Twisting the handle and barging through the door without knocking, Hannah was greeted by the sight of her blonde haired, blue eyed roommate applying makeup in her desk mirror as she stood there butt naked. Yelping in surprise, Bella leapt back and tried in vain to cover her perky breasts and unshaven blonde pubes at her crotch with her arms.

Hannah let out an exasperated sigh. “How are you still not ready? I’m stuck in the common room alone with Ms Niagara Falls and her weird French wife, and you’re still in here jerking off!”

“I’m not masturbating this time,” Bella exclaimed defensively, “I just want to look my best in front of the sorority girls.”

Hannah was continually blown away by how dumb Bella could be. Obviously she didn’t mean that she was literally masturbating! The girl could not pick up on sarcasm or jokes to save her life and it often pissed her off. The girl was weird in other ways too. She was very prissy about her bathroom habits and would not pee or poop in their shared ensuite unless Hannah left the room. This had led to several scenarios where Bella did a childish potty dance until Hannah had gathered her things and left down the hall. Another thing that irked Hannah to no end was the fact that Bella would openly touch herself and moan with Hannah in the room. Not only was it weird but it was also distracting when Hannah was trying to do other things. Hannah couldn’t complain too much though, because the girl was incredibly loyal to her and had very similar opinions about most things.

“I’ll be there in fifteen minutes,” Bella said, applying the last of her makeup. “I just need to take a quick dump, I’ve been constipated all week. Do you mind stepping out?”

“No fucking way,” Hannah nearly shouted. “We’ll be late! Just stay constipated a bit longer and GET DRESSED,” she exclaimed, gesturing at Bella’s naked body.

——-

Back in the common room, Jules was sneaking concerned glances at her mentee. Victoria hadn’t been the same since Hannah and Bella had betrayed her by recording her pee accident and posting it on social media. Lucas, her shitty boyfriend, had seen the video and cancelled his planned trip to see her the following weekend, ending their relationship immediately. He claimed that he didn’t want to date a baby who couldn’t control themselves, and that Victoria needed to grow up if she wanted a real relationship. Jules had watched the once sassy and cocky blonde get reduced to a nervous, sleep deprived wreck. She had suggested that she talk to a counsellor or something constructive along those lines, but nothing seemed to be helping. Finally, last week, Jules had noticed a crinkling noise as Victoria moved around her bedroom and was horrified to realize that the girl had taken to wearing diapers to avoid another incident.

Sitting her down to discuss the issue, Jules had asked what Victoria needed to help her move past the incidents and heal. Looking her dead in the eyes with an ice cold gaze, the first year replied, “I need revenge.”

Jules had never been a vengeful person, but this situation had made her irrationally angry. She knew that seeking revenge was unkind, but nevertheless she had set out to devise a plan…

—-

Bella stumbled out the door of her dorm room, still shimmying into her left shoe of her pair of white air forces. She was wearing a pair of light blue skinny jeans and a black crop top with puffy shoulders. Her makeup was perfect, emphasizing her naturally attractive features, and her blonde hair was hanging straightened down her back. She had quickly downed the tea that Hannah had given her and the taste was still sitting in her throat.

“Fuck, you’re literally the slowest person I’ve ever met! If we’re ever going to get into this sorority, we should at least show up on time,” Hannah complained to her, sipping down the last of her tea as well and leaving the mug behind.

“Sorry,” Bella replied meekly, admiring the frilly white dress that her brunette friend was wearing. It reached her mid thighs, emphasizing the shape of her legs and ass. Bella has always thought these were Hannah’s best features, and more than made up for her average facial features.

After scurrying down the hall and pushing open the door to the common room, Bella was surprised to see Victoria wearing a black mini skirt and purple corset over her sizeable chest. This was the best their former group leader had looked in weeks and Bella was happy to see her so put together. She still kind of felt guilty about posting the videos of Victoria’s accident to the internet, but she wasn’t going to apologize. Victoria had brought the incident upon herself by waiting so long, and Bella knew that she would have expected the shame in her place. She had once wet herself in church when she was 12 during a prayer and her mother had spanked her in front of her brother and sister when they had gotten home. The punishment always fit the crime, and Victoria had gotten what she deserved. Lost in thought about the past events, Bella was snapped out of it by Jules announcing that it was time to go.

She led the group of giggling girls down the stairwell and to a green Volkswagen Beetle waiting in the parking lot. The crisp November air buffeted them as they hurried towards the vehicle.

“Nice car,” Hannah said to Jules, her voice oozing sarcasm.

“Thanks,” Jules replied cheerfully, “it’s my housemate Erika’s!”

“Oh is that the ginger rug muncher?” Hannah asked, seeking to annoy the girls further.

“Don’t call her that!” Victoria said angrily, but Jules put a hand on her shoulder and spoke up.

“I think you ladies would benefit a lot from not attacking people you barely know”

“Oh please, what are you gonna do? You couldn’t hurt a fly,” Hannah announced obnoxiously.

Jules smiled to herself as she put the key in the Beetle’s ignition. If only they knew how much they underestimated her.

—-

Ten minutes later, as they pulled up in front of the sorority house, Hannah found herself crossing her legs from an urge to pee. In her rush to get Bella out the door, she had forgotten to go and she was starting to feel it. She figured she’d find a bathroom as soon as they got inside.

The sorority house was an old house built in the Victorian style. It had been painted white and adorned with the Greek letters Phi and Mu. Large pillars had been built to support the front porch and big bay windows pointed out towards the street. If the house wasn’t used to house students and slightly run down, it would have made for a gorgeous family home.

Striding up the stone walkway and confidently rapping 3 times on the door with a large brass knocker, Jules turned back to the group and smiled.

“This is going to be so fun!”

Hannah rolled her eyes at the older girl’s enthusiasm, and was about to say something snarky as the door began to open.

“Hi, I’m Lana!,” a gorgeous looking brown girl said, swinging the door as wide as it could go. “I’m one of the sisters running the initiation!”

“Hi, I’m Victoria,” started Jules, smiling shyly. “And these are —“

“JULES!” squealed a high pitched voice, cutting Victoria off, as a petite Asian girl burst across the threshold and wrapped Jules in a large hug.

“Wow Ruby,” Jules giggled, gasping for air as a result of the squeeze. “It’s good to see you too!”

——

Soon the girls were all settled into the living room on couches of varying sizes. Ruby had introduced herself as Jules’ friend from elementary school. They hadn’t seen each other in years until Jules had discovered recently that they both attended Greatwestern. Hannah had no idea why Jules had reached out to reconnect, but she planned on milking it to get into the sorority. Sitting next to Bella, Hannah couldn’t help crossing her legs as her urge to pee worsened. She knew she should really go soon, but she didn’t want to interrupt the conversation and leave a bad impression. She knew she could hold it.

Suddenly, Hannah noticed Bella glancing around the room confused. Raising her hand timidly, Bella asked a question that Hannah was shocked she hadn’t thought of herself.

“Where is everyone else?”

Lana and Ruby glanced at each other, mirthful expressions on their faces. Ruby giggled sharply, then reached between the couch cushions next to her and produced an airhorn. She placed her finger on the trigger and pressed down, emitting a loud blaring noise that reverberated through the house.

The doors to the living room burst open and a dozen girls in pink ski masks and white coveralls burst in. Before Hannah or Bella could even react, they were being dragged from the couches and pinned to the floor by the masked sorority members. In the corner of her vision, Hannah saw Victoria being similarly pinned, as she kicked and struggled against them. Two people pulled each girl’s arms being their back, and began taping them together. When that was done, the taping was repeated on the girls’ ankles.

“What the fuck is this?” Hannah shouted, wriggling around on the floor in an attempt to release her bonds.

From somewhere behind her, she heard Ruby announce cheerily to them all, “This is initiation, girlies!!!”

Then a cloth bag was pulled over her eyes and Hannah was blind.

———

Hannah guessed that it had been 30 minutes since she had been led blindfolded from the house by two of the sorority girls. They had immediately led her to a car and forced her into the trunk. They had then brought someone else and forced her in as well, and Hannah had quickly realized it was Bella. Victoria was nowhere to be seen, and Hannah could only assume that she had been shoved in another trunk. Hannah was glad that she had ended up with Bella as she became increasingly agitated. Her neglect to pee before the surprise kidnapping meant that her bladder was asking desperately to be empty and she couldn’t help wriggling around within her bonds. She really wished she could squeeze her crotch to alleviate some pressure, but her hands were still taped together behind her back. Her right arm had even started to tingle from the weird angle it was lying at, and her back was getting stiff. She really hoped they’d arrive at their destination soon.

“Are you sure you’re okay?” Bella whispered through the dark to her for the umpteenth time.

“Yes!” Hannah responded, perturbed at her friend’s persistent concern. “I can hold my pee in, I’m not Victoria!”

“Sorry,” Bella replied meekly. “You’re just breathing really heavily and I can feel you wriggling constantly.”

“I’m fine!” exclaimed Hannah, trying to convince herself more than anyone else.

“It must be so hard since you can’t hold yourself,” Bella said sympathetically.

“Shut up!” Hannah chastised her. The blonde girl fell silent and they continued to lie there, with the only sound of Hannah’s white dress swishing audible in the small space as she wriggled her legs.

Another ten minutes passed, Hannah was starting to panic. The inability to cross her legs, change positions or hold her crotch was making things worse than they should be. She could normally delay needing a bathroom longer. As her mind wandered, she thought back to the last time she’d been this close to an accident. She had been in the middle of a math test and she couldn’t leave without failing. She could still remember the smell of the— No! She couldn’t let herself think about that right now!

Suddenly, a pungent smell hit Hannah’s nostrils. Scrunching up her nose at the putrid air, she nearly gagged as the smell of shit hit her taste buds.

“What the fuck is that?” she asked Bella.

“Sorry,” Bella replied sheepishly. “Remember how I’ve been constipated. I think the stress is making me less constipated. I’m starting to need to go.”

“Oh fuck,” cursed Hannah. Bella’s shits were huge after a constipated period, which Hannah at discovered all the times that Bella forgot to flush their dorm room toilet. Her aloof nature meant this occurred often.

“I’ll be fine,” Bella reassured her. “I’ll let them know I need to go when we arrive. I can make it, it’s you I’m worried about.”

Hannah began to protest, but at that moment a brief spurt escaped her bladder and she felt her cute white lace panties getting damp. She panicked and blurted out, “Bella! I need your help!”

“What?! What’s wrong?!” exclaimed the blonde.

“I’m going to have an accident unless something puts pressure on my crotch. I need you to roll over and wedge your thigh between my legs,” the brunette explained, embarrassed.

Bella immediately did as she was told, rolling towards her friend’s voice in the dark. Hannah couldn’t help thinking to herself how much Bella was her total and complete bitch, willing to follow her every instruction, as Bella shuffled her legs until her thigh was jammed into Hannah’s damp crotch. Hannah immediately gasped in release, letting out a large moan and one last spurt.

“Ew, did you just pee a little on my leg?” asked Bella, feeling some of the spurt deep into her skinny jeans.

“No!” blurted Hannah, mortified that Bella had noticed. “Also promise me that we never speak of this again. No one can find out how bad this got.”

“Of course,” promised Bella happily.

——

“Bella, I mean it, stop doing that!” gasped Hannah, as Bella recommenced rubbing her thigh rhythmically into the brunette’s moist crotch for the third time in twenty minutes. Hannah had always liked when her male partners did it to her. It turned her on immensely, and she was experiencing a similar problem when Bella did it. She felt herself getting aroused in the dark, and it was certainly not helping her desperation.

“Sorry Hannah, I’m just trying to apply more pressure,” Bella apologized sheepishly. She kept doing it absentmindedly, as the last twenty minutes had gotten increasingly worse for her bowels and she was fidgeting to distract herself. The pressure was immense as her firm load made its way towards its exit, and she was farting more and more frequently. She felt terrible for making Hannah endure the smell in such a small space, but she couldn’t help passing gas. She fidgeted her legs again and tried to wedge her taped hands against her butthole.

“I swear to god Bella,” Hannah exclaimed as the rhythmic motion between her legs recommenced, “I need you to stop fidgeting. It’s turning me on and if I relax, I will pee.”

“It’s turning you on?” Bella asked, shocked at her friend’s admission. “I thought you were straight!”

“I am!” Hannah hissed at her, appalled at how her statement was being interpreted. “It’s just a physical response to a physical stimulation!”

“So you don’t like it?” Bella asked, teasing, and continuing the motion.

Hannah found herself moaning again, furious that she was enjoying the sensation that was bringing her closer to humiliation.

Finally, the girls felt the car turn off the road onto what sounded like a gravel trail. At long last, they were arriving at their destination.

——

Hannah was a mess. The car had pulled up to an old barn and the ski masked sorority girls had yanked them out of the trunk, laughing at the smell of Bella’s farts. Both girls had begged to use a bathroom, but they had been promptly led away from the car, their exposed extremities chilled by the November air. They were marched across a gravel pathway and into some kind of building before finally having the bags removed from their heads. Hannah had assumed they were in some kind of barn, but she didn’t have long to ponder before she was fastened to a chair by her ankles, hands still tied behind her. The same was done to Bella, and then more cars arrived with more girls in them.

After about 15 minutes of squirming, all the other pledges had been brought in.

“Please,” Hannah begged a nearby sorority sister, “I really need to pee. I’ll literally go outside! I’ll be so fast.”

The sister only brought a finger to her ski mask, indicating silence.

Ruby and Lara entered the middle of the circle and glanced around at all the girls.

“Welcome pledges! This is the initiation ceremony! In order to join this tightly knit sisterhood, you will have to lower your inhibitions and become acquainted with your future sisters in… intimate ways,” Lana announced with a mischievous grin.

“Intimate? What if we don’t want to,” asked a petite Asian girl tied to a chair across from Bella.

“Then tell us, and you can go home. But you won’t be joining the sisterhood!” Ruby announced, plainly.

“Does anyone want to back out now?” Lara asked the group.

A few girls said yes, and sorority sisters moved to cut them free.

Hannah was not going to give up now. She wanted the status that came with the sorority, the access to parties, the frat boys…

Bella was looking at her with pleading eyes. She knew her bowel situation was dire but, ever the follower, she would never back out without Hannah.

“Alright, great,” Ruby said, as the girls who had opted out began to make their way out of the barn. “This is going to definitely push some of you out of your comfort zones, but I promise it will make you all closer as a result. All of us had to do it too.”

This statement elicited numerous giggles from the pink masked sorority girls as they looked around at each other.

Lana grinned, her brown eyes glinting forebodingly. Turning to two of the masked girls, she commanded “Bring out the drinks!”

Quickly a wheeled table was rolled into the centre of the pledge circle. It was covered in multicoloured shot glasses that had been arranged to spell out the word “Pledges”. Hannah thought there were at least 60 shots on the table. With ten girls in the barn, this meant they’d each have to drink six. Hannah felt her stomach turn over at the thought and she knew her bladder could not hold that much liquid, let alone the lack of control she seemed to have when she was drunk.

“Let’s help these girlies down their drinks,” Ruby said to her fellow sister, and pink masked girls began grabbing shops and taking them to the bound up pledges. Hannah grimaced as a slightly heavier girl approached her and fed her her first shot. The liquid burned as it went down her throat and she nearly choked at the taste, recognizing it to be vodka. As she gulped down the last of the drops, the masked girl was already pouring more liquid in again. Spluttering as she gulped it down, Hannah realized this was spiced rum. Drink, after drink followed until all six shots had been poured down her throat. Hannah felt sick to her stomach and her head was already starting to spin. Her bladder was throbbing beneath her dress, and she was beginning to fear that she’d be unable to stay dry.

Bella was not faring much better herself. The urge had progressed to the point that she could feel the tip of a log of poop inching closer to the exit. She was clenching her cheeks tightly and sweating profusely as she desperately tried to suppress the impending explosion.

As the two friends struggled, one of the masked girls strode to the middle of the circle and placed a bucket on the table. When this was completed, the rest of the sorority girls moved around the room using knives to cut the pledges free from their chairs. As soon as she was freed, Hannah took the opportunity to plunge her hands deep into the folds of her dress, applying pressure directly to her crotch. Bella reached behind her and applied some pressure to her bum, but she quickly realized it didn’t help much.

“Can we please go to the bathroom before we start?” Bella asked politely, but she was shushed quickly by a sister.

Lana gestured to the bucket in the centre of the room and began to explain what it was. “Pledges, this is the dare jar! As tradition decrees, you must all pull a slip of paper from the jar and perform the action written on it without hesitation to be accepted into the sorority. They are all a bit extreme, so brace yourselves!”

Bella glanced at Hannah nervously, fearing what the two of them might pull. She knew they’d have to do there dares quickly if they were going to make it to a toilet on time. She could feel the first log beginning to edge out of her bum before retracting back in and she was starting to worry she’d have an accident.

Hannah returned Bella’s look of concern. The usually cocky brunette was panicking, as a warm spurt of urine seeped into her panties beneath her dress. As her crotch became moist, she felt tears starting to well in her eyes. She couldn’t embarrass herself in front of so many people.

The first girl, an Italian looking brunette, stepped up to the bucket and drew a slip of paper. Lana stepped up next to her and read it out loud for everyone to hear. “Finger yourself in front of everyone until you cum!”

The girl flushed a deep shade of pink but unbuttoned her jeans nonetheless. Sliding them down to her mid thighs, she slipped her fingers under her blue panties and got to work.

As she watched the girl’s fingers move in a rhythmic circular motion, Hannah realized that this dare would take awhile as the girl got comfortable. This did not bode well for her bladder and she began crossing and recrossing her legs in a flustered manner. Finally after five minutes of build up, the girl’s breaths became shorter and more sped up. With a gasp she climaxed dramatically, earning cheers from the masked sorority sisters. Blushing but smiling, the girl made her way back to her chair, happy to have passed her dare.

“Can I go next?” exclaimed Hannah as the other girl regained her seat. She knew if she could do her dare next she’d still have a chance of making it.

“No, you have to wait your turn,” Lana said to her apathetically. “You’re going in three turns anyways.”

The next 15 minutes passed excruciatingly slowly for Hannah as she watched the girl two before her give another girl a lap dance and the girl directly before her deep throat a cucumber. At long last, it was Hannah’s turn to draw from the bin. Reaching in slowly, she withdrew a slip and did a double take. The slip in her hands read “eat someone’s ass”.

Hannah locked eyes with Bella as Lana read the dare aloud. Bella was shaking her head slowly and deliberately, a look of fear in her eyes. Hannah stood up slowly, careful to cross one shaking leg over the other as she did so, and announced loudly, “I’ll eat Bella’s ass!”

Bella was starting to hyperventilate as two of the masked sorority girls yanked her to her feet and lowered her skinny Jeans to her ankles. Her breathing increased until she was panting as the simple action of standing had made her desire to poop so much worse. As the girls lowered her panties and exposed her smooth pale ass to the cold barn air, she began to feel the first log once again begin its descent. This time it was moving more rapidly.

Please please please wait until after she eats my fucking ass, Bella pleaded internally.

Hannah lowered herself onto her knees and bent forward so that her face was level with Bella’s ass. Closing her eyes and breathing deeply, she processed what she was about to do to her friend. To her, she knew it was worth it. All she had to do was eat Bella’s ass, run outside, pop a squat and she’d be in the sorority.

“I’m ready,” Bella called out in a shaky voice, her nerves apparent. All the sorority girls and pledges locked their eyes on Hannah as she moved her face between her friend's soft cheeks.

As soon as Hannah’s tongue found the crack, she knew something was wrong. Immediately her taste buds recognized the salty taste of sweat and something else pungent. In a moment, Hannah remembered the farts in the trunk and realized she was tasting them up close. Could that be poop residue? She forced the thought from her mind and kept rhythmically moving her tongue, searching for her friend’s bum hole. At last she found it, and she heard her blonde friend let out a soft gasp. Hannah began to move her tongue in circular motions around the tight rim of the hole. As she did so, she began to feel Bella’s legs begin to tremble. Then, all of the sudden, something solid pushed into her tongue. Without thinking, Hannah moved her tongue towards it, only to be met by a horrible flavour. Recoiling slightly, Hannah realized what it was. Bella had a log of shit edging its way out of her ass!

Hannah pulled her head back but a sorority girl yelled “40 more seconds” at her and pushed her head back down, holding her in place.

Bella was not doing well on her end. Tears welled in her eyes as she realized she was pooping in her friend's mouth. Her muscles were failing her and she knew a log was protruding slightly from her bum. Hannah’s rhythmic tongue motions weren’t helping much either as she felt her anus relaxing as well. As Hannah resumed her licking, Bella gasped in horror as she realized her accident was finally happening. She could do nothing to prevent the slow exit of the first log and she could feel it sliding down and out her bum.

Hannah began to feel the log start to move towards her. Cringing at her own actions, she began to try to stop its trajectory with her tongue. The method unfortunately proved fruitless and Hannah could barely pull her face away in time as the first log fell from Bella’s bum and hit her square in the chest before falling onto the floor of the barn, nestled amongst the hay.

Immediately Bella started to sob in earnest as she found it impossible to hold her poop any longer. Another log fell from her backside and landed atop the golden hay, its rich brown colour visible for all to see. Glancing up, Bella realized that the sorority sister and other pledges were laughing at her and Hannah’s humiliation. One masked sister had even gotten out her phone to record and Bella realized in horror that this was karma’s retribution for the filming of Victoria’s accident the month before. She could do nothing but stand there naked from the waist down as yet another log fell between her legs.

The shock of the log of poop hitting her chest had sent Hannah stumbling backward onto her ass on the hay covered floor. Her short black dress had ridden up, exposing her cute baby blue panties to everyone present. The fall had caught her body off guard, and the brunette realized in horror that she was no longer able to control her overfilled bladder. With a soft whimper, she helplessly lay in the hay as a strong jet of pee burst through her panties, pooling around her bum and seeping into the waistband of her underwear and hem of her dress. She noticed the camera and felt herself overwhelmed with rage at the humiliation. This was the kind of embarrassment that happened to other people, pussies, not her! Pee kept spraying out of her, soaking into the hay and coating her legs in a golden film of liquid. The cold barn air chilled her legs as a warm fury brewed inside of her.

“Hey bitch, stop filming!” Hannah screamed, leaping to her feet in a spray of golden droplets and flipping the bird to the amateur paparazzi.

In a flourish, the girl holding the camera stepped forward and pulled off the pink balaclava obscuring her face. Brown hair tumble out, revealing freckled cheeks and a button nose. Jules Shahir stood before the two helpless girls, glaring them down defiantly.

“This, you sad little Mean Girls, is exactly what you deserve for what you did to Victoria Richardson during that business case,” Jules said coldly, her glare piercing into their very souls. “Understand this, because I’m only going to say it to you once. If you ever AND I MEAN EVER pick on Victoria or anyone else ever again, I will leak this footage and ruin your lives! If I hear so much as a peep about you girls stepping out of line, this footage will spread across campus like wildfire!”

Hannah could only stare at the girl she once thought of as meek and nerdy in total bewilderment. “But… but everyone here is going to spread the rumour anyways,” she stuttered.

“No they won’t,” Ruby said, stepping forward and speaking on behalf of the sorority. “These sisters can keep a secret to their grave!”

This earned a whooping cheer from everyone present, as Jules smiled menacingly.

“Remember this next time you go to badmouth Victoria. She’s like a sister to me, and I will not hesitate to destroy you on her behalf,” Jules snarled.

Hannah and Bella could only sit there in their messes, nodding weakly as the sorority girls began chanting Jules name. Soon “JULES! JULES! JULES!” echoed through the barn as the freckled girl spun on her heel and marched towards the exit. Standing in the doorway was Victoria beaming from ear to ear as she pulled her mentor into a long and meaningful hug.

——

Sitting in Lana’s car and peering through the foggy side window as they made their way back from the barn to the sorority house, Jules couldn’t help but feel terrible for her actions. Even though she had been justified to put a diuretic and a laxative in the teas she had given them, she knew that revenge was still cruel. She knew that the events of the day would bother her immensely for awhile, but she hoped it would allow Victoria to heal and regain her confidence. She could live with being the villain if it meant that Victoria was able to get out of diapers. The girl was truly becoming like a little sister to her and Jules was ready and willing to dirty her hands for her well-being.

*026*2023-03-13 22:50

Apologies for the massive delay everyone. This chapter was supposed to come months ago but I got sidetracked by an unfortunate medical situation. I’m back now and excited to share this chapter with you. The timeline is now a bit weird but I’ll try to catch up eventually.

Chapter 9: The New York Trip

Carmen still couldn’t believe her luck. Following her housemate Jules’ sudden rise in popularity as a result of her impressing the sorority girls at initiation, the freckled brunette had been invited to join them on their annual pre-Exams New York Trip. The sorority had a tradition that all the execs would travel to New York during Revision Week for two days, where they would explore the city, deepen their bonds and party their faces off. Ruby, one of the co-presidents and a petite Asian girl, had insisted that Jules come on the trip and bring two friends of her choice. Jules had immediately invited her closest friends since first year, Sarah and Ronnie. Sarah, the brunette wasian, had accepted immediately, overjoyed at the idea of partying her face off in NYC.

Ronnie, on the other hand, had politely declined the invitation due to her stress about exams and instead suggested that Jules invite Carmen. Carmen had recently been becoming closer with Ronnie following the statuesque blonde comforting her after her recent shit mishap almost two months prior. They had begun talking more, and Carmen had realized that she was wrong to dislike the bombshell; Ronnie was kind, humble and supportive in every regard. Jules had acquiesced to Ronnie’s suggestion quickly, and now Carmen was getting the opportunity to join on the trip and break into one of the most popular and exclusive groups on campus. This was exactly what Carmen wanted, since she planned on having the most exciting final semester before graduation as possible. She wanted access to the best parties and hottest people, and she finally had a way in. All she had to do was prove that she was just as cool as them.

Carmen yawned as she sat up in bed, shaking off the brain fog that lingered as a symptom of their first night in the city. A soft pulsing feeling from her bladder indicated that she needed to take her morning pee. The girls had hit several clubs and been given many drinks by leery men. Getting home at 4am, Carmen had stripped naked and dove under the covers. Now, as rays of sunlight peeked through the blinds, Carmen glanced over at the digital clock on the bedside table to see that it was already 11:47am. She needed to get up soon, if she was going to make it to the group lunch at the cafe down the street from their hotel!

Jules was sharing a hotel room with Sarah, and so Carmen found herself in a suite with the sorority treasurer, a girl of Argentinian descent named Persephone. Carmen had been trying to leverage her own Brazilian ancestry as a point of commonality between the two girls, but so far she was struggling to break the ice. Persephone was a reserved kind of cool, dressing exclusively in designer clothing that looked exactly like clothes one could buy at Walmart. She was constantly taking pictures of herself and vlogging inane moments of her day, and Carmen was struggling to be noticed.

Rising from her bed, Carmen glanced over to see Persephone calmly sitting in her own bed in a matching set of silk pyjamas while typing away on her phone, acrylics clacking on the screen like a Morse code machine.

“Look who decided to finally wake up,” Persephone called out, without looking up from her phone. “Seriously babe, please put on some clothes.”

Glancing down, Carmen suddenly felt extremely self conscious of her nudity. Her large, symmetrical boobs and their brown nipples were completely exposed to her suitemate, as well as her recently waxed sex. She quickly repositioned her arms to conceal herself, eliciting a laugh from the Argentinian.

“I’m kidding girly! I’m glad you’re finally getting comfortable around me! This whole time I thought you were a boring vanilla chick, but you’re clearly a little adventurous,” Persephone commented through her fit of giggling.

Carmen breathed a sigh of relief and uncovered herself, letting the girl take in her beauty. Carmen had always enjoyed flaunting her looks and being recognized for them, so shyness was rarely an issue for her. She wanted to be admired, and she basked in the moment of Persephone’s eyes glancing over her naked self, lingering a bit too long on her chest. Carmen knew she was likely envious of her well endowed chest and curvaceous hips. In her experience, most girls were.

“I think you drank more than both your friends combined last night,” Persephone continued, smiling slightly now. “You were definitely the most fun on the dance floor.”

“Thanks girly,” Carmen replied, enjoying the approval. “I’m always down for any kind of fun.”

“Oh, so I’ve heard,” Persephone smirked. “I heard you’ve also fucked a certain hockey team captain.”

“Haha, does everyone know?” Carmen asked, knowing full well that everyone knew. She had made sure of it.

“Of course bestie,” Persephone replied. “I actually slept with him a lot last year too.”

“Oh…” Carmen stuttered, worried she’d upset the sorority girl. “Sorry, I didn’t know!”

“Oh I don’t give a fuck, he wasn’t all that. But it does make us Eskimo sisters!” Persephone replied, with a hint of mirth in her voice and outstretching her arm with her fist at the ready.

“Haha, I guess so!” Carmen laughed awkwardly, striding across the floor to receive the fist bump.”

“Anyways, since you’re less boring than most of these bitches, I wanted to see if you’d want to do something special with me today.”

“Of course,” Carmen blurted out, eager to impress her mysterious suite mate.

Persephone chuckled, stating, “Maybe you want to hear what I’m doing before you agree.” Then she patted the bed next to her, beckoning the nude Carmen to come sit.

Carmen obeyed immediately, pulling back the duvet and plopping her bare ass onto the sheets. The new position scrunched her bladder, reminding her of her need to take her morning pee. She ignored the urge, eager to hear what Persephone had to say. Persephone reached over to the nightstand next to the bed and opened the drawer. Groping around blindly, she withdrew a small ziplock bag. Inside there appeared to be some pieces of paper. Stickers maybe? Carmen couldn’t tell.

“These are tabs of acid that I got from some dude in LA this summer,” Persephone explained to the Brazilian. “I’ve been meaning to try them but I haven’t found a cool enough situation or a cool enough person. Would you be down?”

Carmen hesitated. She had never tried any drugs more serious than the occasional joint of weed, and this would be a big step up. She had also heard so many horror stories about bad drug trips the first time people tried acid. On the other hand, she desperately wanted to impress Persephone and work her way into the network of the popular sorority girls.

“Yeah, I’m down,” Carmen told her, hoping that she wouldn’t regret this decision later.

“Great!” squealed Persephone ecstatically. “Let’s take a tab each and to meet the girls for lunch. I know they take awhile to kick in!”

“Sure, just let me get dressed and we can take it and get out of here!”

——

30 minutes later, the two girls exited their hotel lobby through the revolving doors and were buffeted by the cold December air. Snowflakes swirled around their heads and Carmen couldn’t help shivering. She was dressed in a white pea coat that made her caramel complexion look amazing, as well as a white tuque, red scarf, black jeans and black boots. Somehow despite this the weather was still getting to her. Persephone seemed unbothered in contrast, dressed in her expensive yet low effort outfit. She was in grey designer sweatpants, an oversized purple sweater and a Canada Goose Jacket to shield her from the cold. White clout goggles, a cringey yet somehow hip piece of eyewear, obscured her eyes.

“Fuck, I hate the cold,” complained Carmen, her long black hair blowing out behind her.

This elicited yet another giggle from her companion. Persephone seemed to giggle at everything Carmen said, and it was pissing her off. Why couldn’t she ever just simply agree?

As of yet, the acid wasn’t hitting either of them. Persephone had explained that the guy who had given her said that it would take 20 to 90 minutes for the drug to kick in, and so far Carmen still felt like her normal self. As she moved along the busy sidewalk in pursuit of her companion and away from the hotel, she was jostled by a large man in a green tuque. As his shoulder hit hers, her bladder was jostled by the impact and Carmen realized in surprised that had forgotten to pee in the excitement to take the acid and leave the hotel. Brushing the urge aside, she figured she’d go at the cafe when they arrived. The urge was easy to ignore for the time being and the Brazilian knew she’d be fine.

After a ten minute walk through the swirling snow, the two girls finally arrived to the cafe. It was a quaint little shop, set down a few steps from street level with some apartments stacked on top. It had a dilapidated forest green sign that read “The Owl’s Bookshelf” and various leafy plants sat in the front window. Pushing through the glass door, the girls were relieved to be buffeted by the warm air and the smell of fresh croissants and hot coffee. Spying the large table of sorority sisters in the back corner, they weaved their way through the tables towards their friends. Ruby and Lana, the co-presidents of the sorority, immediately leapt from their chairs to give Carmen and Persephone hugs while Sarah excitedly called out a hello.

“Oh my god Carmen, you were so hammered last night! You were crazy up on the pole at that club! It was amazing!” gushed Sarah, eager to hype up her friend.

Jules smiled up at her too. “You certainly were the life of the party! I’m glad I invited you!”

Carmen was overjoyed at the praise her friends were giving her in front of the sorority girls and she found herself beaming as she sat down. Grabbing a seat between Persephone and another girl named Harriet while removing her jacket, Carmen poured over the menu to find what she wanted for breakfast. A few minutes later, a waitress with frizzy pink hair came to the table to take their order and Carmen found herself ordering a cheese omelette and a large French Vanilla Coffee. Pleased with her order, Carmen sat back in her chair to join the conversation about the club the night before. That’s when things got weird…

At first, the voices of everyone around her seemed to slow down until they were coming out at a snail’s pace, sounding like a warbled underwater sound. As she leaned forward to ask Sarah if she could hear the distortion too, Carmen was shocked to find her voice sounded warbled too. She quickly tried to adjust her speech and enunciate each word, earning a weird look from Sarah.

“I have no idea what you’re trying to say,” Sarah replied, her voice seeming to be echoing in Carmen’s ears.

“Forget it,” Carmen blurted, realizing the drugs were likely starting to hit her. She was immediately overwhelmed with a feeling of panic, realizing she was high in a panic place… and no one knew. Her breaths were pounding in her chest, shallow but fierce and she couldn’t help but think that her lungs felt like strange sacks of air.

In the edge of her vision, colours began to blur slightly as she moved her head. Carmen was shocked at how potent the drugs were so soon after taking them. She had done a few other drugs before and she’d never experienced anything like this. How was she going to be able to hide this from everyone and go about her day like normal?

She tried to focus on the clock on the wall behind the table across from her, but she soon found that the hands seemed to be moving erratically as if they were gesturing at her.

“Why are they pointing at me?” she wondered aloud.

“What?” Sarah asked her from across the table. “Who is pointing at you? Carmen, are you okay?”

“I’m fine,” Carmen managed to squeak out in her warbled voice. Upon hearing herself, she decided that it was best if she stayed quiet for awhile and so she closed her mouth and went to put her napkin in her lap.

As soon as her hand touched the napkin, she yelped in surprise. The texture of the cloth reminded her of the belly of a rodent. It felt too alive to be a napkin and she pulled her hand back in shock.

“Did you get a paper cut?” the girl named Harriet asked from beside her, pulling out her purse to fish around for a band aid. Carmen didn’t reply however as she found herself transfixed by the rainbow pattern of the purse. The colours were acting like they had life breathed into them, swirling and dancing in front of her eyes. Carmen stared at them blankly, her mouth slowly dropping open in shock at what she was seeing. She shook her head aggressively in an attempt to get herself back to reality but she could feel her understanding slipping away. Maybe taking this tab had been a mistake.

———

Sarah was very confused by Carmen’s behaviour. The girl had always been weird, slightly more closed off and self absorbed than most of their housemates, but she’d never been this downright aloof. Sarah had watched as Carmen had struggled to finish her omelette and coffee, acting like the flavours were activating taste buds that hadn’t existed before. Her eyes grew wide with each bite and her chewing slowed as if she was discovering new secrets to the universe. When it had come time to pay, Carmen had struggled to use her credit card, requiring the assistance of Harriet to put in her PIN after three failed attempts. The waitress had been very patient, but Sarah was worried that Carmen had been more wasted the night before than she’d let on and was continuing to feel the effects. Had she been roofied perhaps? Sarah had found it odd watching her pole dance as flirtatiously as she had, but then again that was simply a Carmen thing to do.

When the other girls had taken turns watching each others’ things in order to run to the bathroom, Carmen had opted not to go, instead choosing to stay seated at the table with Persephone. The group had finished up quickly enough and then they had hopped on the subway to head further downtown to see the massive Christmas Tree at the Rockefeller Center. Sarah had been increasingly concerned by Carmen’s inability to balance on the subway as she began to look more and more ill by the minute. Turning to Jules, the two girls agreed to keep an eye on Carmen just in case.

When they had arrived at Rockefeller, the girls had all spread out around the tree taking pictures for their social media feeds in the falling snow. Sarah and Jules had followed Persephone, Harriet and Carmen to a nice spot where they had begun taking pictures of each other. This is when Sarah began to notice that Carmen was getting increasingly fidgety. The Hispanic girl could not stand still and kept shifting her weight from foot to foot as the photoshoot went on.

“Hey, do you think she needs to pee?” Sarah had whispered to Jules conspiratorially. “Maybe that’s why she’s acting weird. She could be pee shy like Carrie and didn’t want to go back at brunch.”

“Maybe,” Jules had agreed in a hushed tone as snow swirled around them. “I don’t want to embarrass her in front of everyone though so I’ll suggest a bathroom break for tout le monde.”

When Jules proposed the idea to the other three girls with them, only Harriet said she needed to go. Jules, Sarah and Harriet had marched off in the direction of the public washrooms. Now, five minutes later, they returned to the spot under the tree. Looking around, the three girls couldn’t make out anyone that they recognized in the crowd.

Sarah was shocked to find that Carmen and Persephone had disappeared.

——-

“Come on,” Persephone was saying from what seemed like the end of a long tunnel.

“I am,” Carmen tried to say back, but it came out like a soft squeak that a mouse would make.

The Christmas lights of Rockefeller were kaleidoscoping in front of her vision and she was struggling with sensory overload as Persephone pulled her through the crowd. Carmen was starting to disassociate heavily and every sensation was tingling her brain in ways she didn’t remember ever happening before.

“Isn’t this an amazing feeling?” Persephone inquired as she pirouetted under Carmen’s arm.

Carmen did not feel amazing. Her head was pounding and she could feel a sensation of irrational fear rising in her chest. Her lower abdomen seemed to be burning as is if there was a warm log from a fire pressing on her pelvis from above and her whole body was tingling. She found herself shivering and overheating simultaneously in the brisk New York air as Persephone pulled her away from their friends. Snowflakes swirled in her vision and the bright white colours left the flavour of vanilla in her mouth.

“Come on, if we can catch the next bus we can get to the Empire State Building before the peak of the trip wears off! I’ve always heard NYC looks amazing from above when you’re on acid!” Persephone explained.

Carmen wasn’t so sure how well she’d be able to handle those kinds of heights in this state but she allowed herself to be dragged in the direction of the bus stop. The warm log feeling in her abdomen seemed like it was increasing and she wished it would go away.

Arriving to the bus stop, the two girls climbed on and Persephone paid both of their fares. The interior of the bus seemed alien to Carmen, like a mysterious alien spacecraft. The sudden warmth sent all of her senses tingling all over again and colours continued to swirl in front of her vision as she followed Persephone to the back of the bus. Unfortunately, all of the seats were taken and the girls found themselves standing surrounded by people, being jostled by shoulders.

“Don’t worry, it’s not too many stops,” Persephone reassured Carmen, whose face was giving off an expression of discomfort.

Carmen wasn’t bothered by the sensation of the bus. Instead, the warm and heavy feeling in her abdomen was nagging at her and she couldn’t quite place what was causing it. The sensation seemed to be sucking away much of her body heat and she felt herself shivering in response. The sensation almost felt like a strange pressure but she was conscious that there couldn’t actually be a log in her stomach trying to push its way out of her nether regions. She found herself groping at her crotch nonetheless, curious to see if it would help reduce the pressure. Sure enough, the feeling helped.

Persephone gave Carmen a weird look and then glanced down at her hands clasped tightly in her crotch.

“Are you okay?” she asked. “You look simply bursting.”

“I don’t know what’s wrong,” Carmen attempted to whimper back but she could tell by Persephone’s face that nothing had come out.

“When we get off the bus we’ll find you somewhere to go,” Persephone said sympathetically.

Somewhere to go? Carmen was pretty sure they already had a destination that they were heading for but she was too distracted to remember where. The warm weight in her abdomen was becoming unbearably uncomfortable but her senses were too stimulated to be able to place it. She felt her whole body trembling as if it was attempting to tell her something.

Suddenly the warmth seemed to expand downwards out of her abdomen area, enveloping the tops of her thighs and her nether regions in a warm blanket. She sighed in relief at the lessening of the weight that she’d been bearing and couldn’t discern where she heard a faint hissing sound coming from.

Persephone looked at her strangely, her mouth sliding open in shock. “Are you peeing?”

Was she? Carmen had no idea. Taking her hand, she groped at her crotch area of her black jeans and was shocked to find that it felt clammy on her bare palm. Carmen didn’t know what to do. She could barely register if her body was even releasing urine. Just to check, she relaxed her lower muscles and felt a surge as her knees began to dampen. In horror, she realized that she was totally soaking her pants with pee in her drug addled stupor. She stumbled backwards away from Persephone and collided with a woman who angrily began berating her in what seemed like an alien language. She could only stand there in shock, slowly feeling the warmth spread down her legs and begin pooling in her boots, soaking through her socks.

———

4 hours and one deep nap later, Carmen found herself curled up in her hotel bed in a mostly sober state. Her come down from the high had been slow but the sleep had helped and she was finally feeling alright. Persephone had made the two of them hot chocolate and had recounted the embarrassing events of her acid trip to refresh her splotchy memory.

Apparently, immediately following the accident, Persephone had quickly pulled the string for the next stop and dragged Carmen off the bus. Hailing a cab, the two girls made their way straight back to the hotel where Persephone had stripped Carmen out of her clothes and placed her into the shower. She had then guided the Brazilian into her bed where they had cuddled up together to ride the rest of the high.

Now, the two girls were watching cartoons in their pjs as Carmen hugged her pillow tightly.

“Don’t worry queen, it’ll be our little secret,” Persephone reassured her. “Everyone’s first time on acid can get a little crazy.”

Glancing at her soaked jeans in a heap on the floor, Carmen smiled. “Honestly I didn’t hate it. The trip made this trip a little bit more exciting, even if I lost all control there for a minute. Next time, let’s do it in a more controlled environment though.”

“Good plan, I’m down. I’m excited to have a trip buddy who is into the crazy shit,” Persephone said excitedly, pulling Carmen into a tight hug.

Carmen grinned, before quoting a line from her favourite movie, Casablanca.

“I think this is the beginning of a beautiful friendship!”
