(Chat GPT) Maria's accident at the ultrasound

Author: cwpee

*000*2023-03-28 05:10

This story was generated entirely through Chat GPT. This took a total of 9 prompts, and I have edited the responses down to what you see here. The only editing that was done was to trim my questions or irrelevant/duplicate responses from the bot.

###

Once upon a time, there was a woman named Maria who had just found out she was pregnant. She was over the moon with excitement and couldn't wait to meet her little bundle of joy. As her pregnancy progressed, Maria scheduled an appointment for an ultrasound to see how her baby was developing.

The day before her appointment, Maria received specific instructions from her doctor to drink plenty of water before the ultrasound. She was told to drink at least 32 ounces of water an hour before the procedure to ensure that her bladder was full. Maria followed the instructions carefully, drinking plenty of water and trying to stay hydrated.

On the day of the ultrasound, Maria arrived at the hospital with a full bladder as instructed. However, due to the pressure on her bladder from the pregnancy, she was finding it increasingly difficult to hold it in. To make matters worse, she got stuck in heavy traffic on the way to the hospital, causing her to arrive later than planned. As a result, Maria was feeling very uncomfortable and needed to pee badly.

Finally, after what felt like an eternity, Maria made it to the hospital. She rushed to the examination room, hoping she wouldn't be too late for her appointment. Maria quickly explained her situation to the technician, begging to use the restroom before the scan. However, the technician explained that Maria needed to have a full bladder for the ultrasound and that she couldn't empty it until after the scan was completed.

Maria lay down on the examination table, feeling uncomfortable and anxious. The pressure on her bladder was becoming unbearable, and she was afraid she might lose control and embarrass herself in front of the technician. She begged once more to use the restroom, but the technician firmly refused, assuring Maria that the scan would be quick.

As the technician began the ultrasound, Maria tried her best to focus on her breathing and not on her bladder. But with every movement of the ultrasound wand, Maria felt like she was going to burst. She was finding it increasingly difficult to concentrate on the scan, and her discomfort was becoming unbearable.

Finally, she couldn't hold it any longer, and she asked the technician once again if she could use the restroom. However, the technician noticed something on the ultrasound that concerned her and told Maria she needed to wait for the doctor to come in and take a closer look.

Maria's discomfort and anxiety began to grow as she waited for the doctor. She shifted in her seat, trying to find a more comfortable position, but it was no use. She felt like she was going to explode, and the fear of embarrassing herself in front of the doctor and technician made her feel even worse.

When the doctor finally arrived, he took one look at the screen and ordered some additional scans. Maria was mortified as she knew she wouldn't be able to hold it much longer, but the doctor seemed oblivious to her distress. He continued to analyze the ultrasound, asking Maria to move in various positions to get a better view.

At this point, Maria was in agony. She tried to remain calm and composed, but her bladder was screaming for release. She took deep breaths and tried to distract herself by focusing on the posters on the wall, but it was no use. She was about to reach her breaking point.

After what felt like an eternity, the doctor finally finished the scan and turned to Maria. He explained that everything looked fine, and there was nothing to worry about. Maria breathed a sigh of relief but was still desperate to use the restroom. However, the doctor had one more request. He needed Maria to stay a little longer and provide a urine sample for testing.

Maria felt like she was going to cry. She knew she wouldn't be able to hold it for much longer, but the doctor seemed to have no idea how uncomfortable she was. She tried to explain that she couldn't wait any longer, but the doctor seemed to ignore her pleas.

After what felt like an eternity, the doctor finally finished the scan and turned to Maria. He explained that everything looked fine, and there was nothing to worry about. Maria was relieved to hear the news but was also in agony as she realized she had started to leak.

As soon as the doctor left, Maria frantically looked around the room for something to pee in. She saw a small trash bin in the corner and quickly grabbed it, positioning it under her skirt just in time. However, as she started to pee, the door suddenly opened, and a nurse walked in.

Maria froze, mortified at the thought of being caught in such an embarrassing situation. The nurse looked at her in surprise, taking in the sight of Maria crouching over the bin. Maria could feel her face turning bright red with embarrassment as she tried to explain the situation.

The nurse quickly reassured her that it was okay and left the room, giving Maria some much-needed privacy. Maria finished up and cleaned up the mess as best as she could, feeling both relieved and incredibly embarrassed.

As she left the hospital, Maria couldn't help feeling a sense of shame and vulnerability. She knew it was just a small blip in her pregnancy journey, but it had left her feeling exposed and humiliated.

Maria vowed to never let her bladder get that full again before an ultrasound, even if it meant arriving extra early and spending hours waiting for her appointment. She didn't want to risk going through that kind of embarrassment and discomfort ever again.

*001*2023-03-28 07:20

It took over 2 hours, but I was able to get Maria and the nurse to have sex in the exam room while the nurse was desperate to pee! Also, I'm pretty sure they are a couple now, lol. I'll have to capture the conversation and edit out all of the prompts so it won't happen immediately, but hopefully I'll have it up soon.

*002*2023-03-29 13:59

I was able to drag this out even further last night, so I will trim the conversation out later today and repost tonight.

*004*2023-03-30 23:27

Sure! It took a number of prompts, but it probably took me at most 15-20 minutes to get what I posted. I started with

"Can you please write a story about a woman getting an ultrasound?"

Followed by

"Thanks! Please add that maria had to have a full bladder for the ultrasound"

Then

"One her way to the ultrasound, she gets stuck in traffic and has to pee badly by the time she gets there."

Then

"Thanks! Please talk more about her drinking water beforehand and needing to pee before the appointment."

Then

"That was great! When she got to the hospital, she had to pee so badly she asked to pee first, but they told her she had to wait until after the scan."

Then

"Great! When she gets to the hospital, she has to pee so badly she is afraid she is going to lose control. She begs to pee first, but the won't let her until after the scan."

Each of those updated the entire story each time, which got me a majority of the story except that they let her go to the bathroom after the ultrasound. Since I liked the story, but wanted to change the ending, I started telling it when to start the changes.

Next, I told it

"I love it! Please start here: "Finally, she couldn't hold it any longer", but they make her wait there because they want to bring in a doctor to look at it again."

That then gave the whole part with the doctor, but then she had to give a urine sample. It actually had a nice bit about how she had to wait for the sample cup, but I wanted to drag it out a little longer so I gave it

"Great! Starting here: "After what felt like an eternity, the doctor finally finished the scan and turned to Maria. He explained that everything looked fine, and there was nothing to worry about." except that she is starting to leak. As soon as the doctor leaves, she has to find something to pee in immediately."

That got to the trash can, but she finished peeing in it, so I gave it

"Great! Starting here: "After what felt like an eternity, the doctor finally finished the scan and turned to Maria. He explained that everything looked fine, and there was nothing to worry about." except that she is starting to leak. As soon as the doctor leaves, she has to find something to pee in immediately."

And that got it to its ending as posted. Since there were 3-4 additional prompts, I had to splice those into the previous story to get it to flow properly, but none of the text was edited.

