Hold it for Holly

Author: consch

*000*2024-06-03 06:15

Browsing through listings of local live theatre performances, Adam came across one entitled “Hold it for Holly”. It was labelled “Adults Only” and had warnings for “Sexual Content” and “Audience Participation”, all of which seemed intriguing. It was 45 minutes long. The description read:

"You are the star of this show. While Holly is both talented and bold, she will be fairly brief with her sexy solo stage introduction before assigning you the surprisingly difficult task of holding something. You will remain in your seat to pursue this challenge, but you will be illuminated, and Holly will hungrily tease you from the stage as you struggle. Giving up would require briefly joining Holly on the stage for a more explicit performance. Either option will be uncomfortable, and you will not be allowed to escape this dilemma by walking out in the middle of the exercise. But your discomfort will excite Holly beyond measure, and if this entices you to attend, then there is no need to stress out ahead of time. Put your worries aside to enjoy a complimentary glass of fruit punch in the lobby starting 15 minutes before the show. Only once refreshed need you start bracing to become Holly’s delicious prey."

It was the only show in the list that made no mention of a storyline. But it still looked interesting, so Adam decided to see if he could buy a ticket.

The ticket agent asked a few screening questions. Adam had to prove he was over 18. He had to provide consent to being confined to a room for up to an hour, as though leaving a play early would otherwise be considered acceptable. And he had to confirm that he did not have any of a short list of health conditions that could make the show unsafe for him. After providing satisfactory answers, Adam was given a list of showtimes with space available. He chose one on a day when he had no other commitments, in case the show ran late or had an afterparty.

Adam managed to arrive at the venue almost 15 minutes before the time on his ticket. He joined a line of people entering the lobby, with each person being handed their glass of fruit punch right at the door as soon as they showed their ticket for admission. Once Adam received his own glass, which he was told to return at the entrance to the auditorium once he finished it, he followed the others into the lobby and started chatting with them between sips. He encountered a good mix of women and men, and everyone seemed quite sociable, though no one seemed to really understand what the show was about.

By the time Adam finished his fruit punch, a line had formed at the door to the auditorium, though it was moving quite quickly. Adam joined this line behind a very friendly woman who immediately greeted Adam and introduced herself as Stephanie. Stephanie seemed just as mystified about the show as Adam and the others, but she was still excited for it and asked if Adam was as well. The line continued to move as they chatted, and their conversation ended up lasting long enough that Adam barely noticed the staff member collecting their empty glasses just before they reached the door.

The door led to the back left corner of the auditorium. Stairs led down an aisle against the left wall toward a low stage. Adam followed Stephanie and the others down these stairs and into one of six tiered rows of seats on their right. Each row had ten seats, and Stephanie and Adam both ended up going more than halfway through their row and sitting closer to the right side.

There was an aisle against the right wall as well, with stairs of its own, but no one was currently using it; it appeared to be intended primarily for exiting, and perhaps secondarily for returning to a specific seat. Others continued to file in behind Adam, and his attention drifted away from Stephanie on his right toward making sure the new people on his left and behind him were all able to find seats. There seemed to be quite a number of people entering, but they were doing a good job of staying orderly, each following the person in front of them to the next available seat, and while there were very few empty seats left when the flow finally ended, no one had to hunt for one.

Once the last person was seated, the lights dimmed almost immediately, and Adam directed his attention to the stage. A spotlight came on to illuminate a woman sitting in a chair on the stage facing the audience. She had straight black hair and was wearing a short black dress, both of which contrasted sharply but elegantly with her pale skin. Standing, smiling, and addressing the audience grandly, the woman said, “Welcome to Hold it for Holly! I’m Holly. We’re going to have some fun tonight. Or at least I am.” She chuckled.

“Now, as I’m sure you have all been made aware, confinement is one of the aspects of this show. However,” she went on, putting on a more serious face, “we do still have to follow safety protocols, and that means making sure everyone knows where the exits are.” Pointing in turn to each of the four corners of the seating area, she continued, “Each of the two aisles has an exit at the top, one of which is the door you came in, and an exit at the bottom, in front of the stage. If I order an evacuation, or if there is an apparent hazard, please make your way to the nearest exit, and move quickly so everyone else can get out too. This applies only to safety hazards; as long as you feel safe in the theatre, you must remain here unless I say otherwise. Are there any questions about our safety protocols?”

She waited a few seconds. No one spoke or raised a hand.

“Great!” Holly said, smiling again. “Now, with that out of the way, how’s everyone doing tonight?”

The audience applauded, Adam included.

“That’s good to hear,” Holly said approvingly. “It looks like we have a pretty good turnout. Any concerns?”

Concerns? What kind of audience concerns would a stage performer care about? Holly seemed genuinely ready for a response, but everyone else seemed just as confused by the question as Adam was.

“Also good to hear,” Holly said after a few seconds. “Discomfort is another advertised aspect of this show, but I don’t want it to be adding on to any existing issues. So, please, relax while you can, and let’s get to know each other a bit.” She sat back down in her chair. “Now, I’m friendly, but I’m also mischievous. When I was in college, I used to play little tricks on my classmates. To be clear, I do not condone bullying, and I’ve been careful to avoid annoying or demeaning anyone; rather, I like to put a bit of sparkle into people’s lives in a way that goes against their rhythm. I often tickled my college classmates, but I never hit them.

I often squirted them with my water pistol, but I never threw solid objects at them. I often pinched their bottoms, but I never flicked their ears. Sometimes I went so far as to sneak up behind them in the walkways and pull their pants down. It was fun to make them squeal, but I made sure to pick out targets who could take it. Ideally, I would identify targets, both male and female, who had a bit of a crush on me. This ended up being fairly easy.” She chuckled again. “It turned out most of my college classmates had a bit of a crush on me. I’ve been told I have great smile. Do any of you have a bit of a crush on me?”

Adam was startled by the forwardness of the question, but he agreed that Holly had a great smile. She was also quite attractive, and the playfulness she had just described seemed exciting. So Adam applauded, and he could hear many others applauding with him.

“Aww,” Holly said appreciatively. Her smile seemed to become warmer. “You all seem pretty cute. I’m really looking forward to our game later. It’s a bit more elaborate than the stuff I did in college, but it’s in a similar spirit. In addition to my tricks, though, I also enjoy giving people treats. See this dress I’m wearing?” She gestured toward it. “I wore dresses just like it at that same college: short, lightweight, relatively form-fitting without being tight. I rarely wore anything under them, and I often let my classmates see up them.”

Her smile turned playful, and, still sitting in her chair, she spread her legs a bit, apparently demonstrating this practice – a demonstration that was completed by the revelation that she was again not wearing anything under her dress, and seemed perfectly comfortable letting everyone in the theatre see her vulva. Adam’s mouth fell open. This was this sort of thing he had hoped for based on the show description, but he was still startled to see it actually happen.

Keeping her legs apart, Holly continued, “Now, in college, I generally had a fairly short time window for my games. If I tried to tickle someone for an entire lecture, they would simply move to another seat. If I were to do something like this in a lecture” – she put a hand up her dress and started fingering her still-visible vulva – “I would have gotten yelled at by the lecturer. And, of course, if I was messing with my classmates in the walkways, I had to be done by the time they got where they were going. Here, though, I control for the better part of an hour a space filled with screened playmates. So you can expect today’s game to be more drawn-out than the ones I previously described. A squeeze rather than a prick. A struggle rather than a shock. I’m getting turned on just by thinking about it.” She continued to masturbate in silence for a minute or so, looking over the audience as she did. She was clearly not shy.

Then, suddenly, Holly removed her hand from under her dress, put her legs back together, and said in a more professional tone, “But perhaps the pre-show screening was inadequate. Perhaps, after actually sitting with me and hearing my story, you have come to realize that you are in the wrong place. I will not offer you a refund, but I will allow you to leave now if you feel that my flavour of playfulness is not to your taste. You may take any of the exits I pointed out at the beginning of the performance. I’ll give you three minutes.” As she finished speaking, the theatre lights came back on.

Adam felt no impulse to leave. The tricks Holly had described sounded not only harmless but kind of fun. Adam looked around the theatre. He thought he saw a few people start to stand up, but they all sat back down right away; either they had changed their minds or they had just been stretching. A few others seemed to be thinking but didn’t actually stand up. No one seemed particularly anxious to leave.

“Two minutes left,” Holly announced. “This isn’t a trick, and once this window closes, you’ll be stuck here until the end of the show.” Adam started to have doubts. Would staying be a mistake? Was he underestimating the intensity of what was to come? But no, Holly had made it quite clear that she would not do anything cruel or excessive. Adam saw a few more people start to stand up, slowly, and some even turned to face the nearest aisle, but they again seemed to change their minds and sat back down.

“One minute left,” Holly warned. “Thinking time’s over. If you want to leave, do it now.” This time, no one moved. It was fairly clear that everyone’s mind was made up.

“Great!” Holly said once the last of the three minutes ended. “Looks like our pre-show screening was successful after all. Now our game can start. The room lights will stay on for this part. Have a look around at each other and see if you can figure out what it is you’re supposed to hold for me. Raise your hand if you’d like to make a guess.” The spotlight on Holly turned off.

Confused, Adam turned to his right to look at Stephanie. If they were supposed to hold something, shouldn’t Holly have been handing it out? Stephanie looked back at Adam, seeming just as confused. Would something drop from the ceiling? Adam looked up, but he didn’t see anything dangling above him or falling toward him. He looked around at the others in the theatre. They all seemed just as confused as Adam and Stephanie. Maybe Holly would hand something out later – Adam fantasized about maybe playing Strip Hot Potato, or possibly even having the opportunity to grope Holly herself – but why would she wait? There were too many possibilities to be able to figure out the game by guessing, and Adam didn’t feel comfortable sharing his own ideas. He really hoped Holly didn’t make them spend the rest of their time looking at a dark, silent stage.

As Adam was looking around, he noticed, sitting a few seats away from him, a woman with an expression of concern. It was no longer mere confusion; she seemed to feel that something was wrong. Had she spotted a threat? Her gaze was continuing to move about the room. Adam tried to follow it anyway, but he couldn’t see anything particularly threatening. Were there ghosts in the room? Adam looked back at the woman, but she didn’t look like she’d seen a ghost. She also didn’t look scared, per se.

The woman started wriggling around in her seat, then crossed her legs. Adam felt a sense of relief; the source of this woman’s concern didn’t seem to be anything in the room, so it shouldn’t affect Adam himself. In fact, whatever was bothering this woman, her reaction to it was starting to seem cute, even sexy. She appeared to be rhythmically tensing her thighs, and her hand drifted between them. She was still looking around the room, then suddenly she locked eyes with Adam and bit her lip shyly.

A bit embarrassed to have been caught staring, Adam bit his own lip and looked away. He initially redirected his attention to the stage, but that was still dark, so he looked around the room some more. Most of the others still seemed to be trying to figure out the game, but Adam noticed a few starting to move around in their seats in ways similar to the worried woman: rolling hips, crossed legs, tensing thighs. This time, Adam was careful not to stare at any one person for too long, but he made note of which people were doing this sexy seated dance so that he could steal as many glances at them as he thought he could get away with. He enjoyed it enough that he no longer minded Holly’s inactivity.

Adam noticed one woman slide a hand directly into her crotch and squeeze. She seemed liked she needed to pee, quite badly by the looks of it. Adam averted his gaze before this woman, too, could catch him staring, but the idea that someone in the room might really need to pee made Adam’s penis start to harden and his mouth start to dry out.

Then Adam himself started feeling like he needed to pee. At first, he ignored it and took a few more brief opportunities to drink in what seemed to be an increasing number of people gyrating in their seats. A few others squeezed their crotches with their hands. Did they have to pee too? This could turn out to be quite an exciting experience indeed. But Adam’s own need seemed to be rising very quickly, and soon he, like many of the others now, also found himself needing to move around in his seat. His legs started shaking, then he pressed them together, then crossed them tightly. He still could not discern any hint of what they might asked to hold. Perhaps he should take the opportunity to use the toilets while he waited for Holly to provide such a hint.

A woman sitting nearby seemed to think the same thing and started to stand up. Adam was about to do the same, but then Holly’s spotlight finally came back on. Still sitting in her chair, Holly pointed at the standing woman and called out, “You! Have you figured it out?”

Visibly flustered, the standing woman said, “I was just. .. going to step out to the lobby. .. but you know what, don’t worry about it.” She sat back down.

“The three-minute window for leaving the auditorium has ended,” Holly said. “Would you like to share the reason you tried anyway?” Her tone seemed more inquisitive than stern, but the woman she was speaking to merely blushed and shrugged apologetically. “I guess not,” Holly said. Addressing the others, she asked, “Does anyone else have a guess about what you’re supposed to hold? Can you perhaps think of a reason why remaining in the auditorium might be more onerous than you had anticipated?” She sounded amused.

Adam thought Holly was being unfair. The stage lights had been off for some time, and no specific instructions had been provided. It seemed quite reasonable to treat that time as an intermission. No one else was standing up or making any attempt to get Holly’s attention, so it wasn’t that anyone found the rule onerous. It had simply seemed to have expired.

After a few seconds of silence, Holly chuckled once more. “I guess I’ll tell you, then. The thing that you’re supposed to hold for me is your pee.” Was that the whole game? That didn’t seem like a particularly unusual exercise. “If you decide you’re not up to it,” Holly continued, “you can pee into one of these buckets.” Two more spotlights came on to illuminate two large buckets on the stage, one at each front corner. “But you would have to do it onstage, facing the audience, with a spotlight on you. Needing to pee is not a good enough reason to leave early. That should give you some incentive to hold it, but from this point forward, you are free to use the buckets at any time. If they are both in use, you can line up for them in the aisles. Any takers?”

Physically mounting the stage would be easy. Adam could see that it only rose eight inches above the ground at the bottom of the aisles, so it could be accessed from any point. And a surprising number of people now had hands in their crotches, looking like they badly needed to pee. Indeed, as much as Adam wanted to escape attention, he now found himself having to grab his own penis, tightly, in order to keep from peeing. But surely no one would opt to pee in front of dozens of spectators rather than wait until the end of the show? It wasn’t as though it was particularly long.

As expected, no one stood up in response to Holly’s invitation. “Very good,” Holly said. “I’m glad you’re not in a rush to cut our game short. But it will be a tough call once that fruit punch finishes taking effect.” She smiled hungrily.

The ticket holders gasped collectively. Was Holly implying that she had drugged them? That would explain why Adam’s need had come on so suddenly, and why such a huge number of people had been writhing in their seats and were now holding their crotches. The ticket holders all needed to pee! Holly’s implication might have been enough to provoke an exodus, but not a single person stood up or even said anything. Adam himself certainly wasn’t going to walk out or complain. It was a singular treat to be in a room filled with almost sixty people who all desperately needed to pee!

“Aww, look at you,” Holly cooed. She again spread her legs to reveal her vulva under her dress and began fingering herself some more. “That fruit punch is hitting hard, isn’t it? You all need to pee so badly, don’t you? You look so cute shaking and crossing your legs, squeezing your penises and vulvas, trying so hard not to wet yourselves. Will you be able to hold it the full 45 minutes? Or will we all get to watch you pee onstage?”

Adam was having the time of his life both watching Holly masturbate and watching the others tightly squeeze their crotches and press their legs together. They truly did all seem to need to pee really, really badly, and even though Adam did as well, he again felt his penis start to harden in excitement. He became bolder about watching particular individuals for longer. His gaze fixed on a woman with straight blonde hair ending at her shoulders, wearing a sky-blue t-shirt and blue jeans. The tightness of her jeans sharpened the visibility of both the hand she had in her crotch and the contractions of her crossed thighs.

It was so sexy to watch, and this time Adam couldn’t tear his gaze away even when this woman turned her head to look straight back at Adam. She didn’t seem offended; in fact, her previously anxious expression gave way to a smile as her gaze drifted down to Adam’s hand still tightly clutching his penis in his efforts to hold his own pee, and she licked her lips. She seemed to be enjoying Adam’s struggle every bit as much as Adam was enjoying hers.

Holly spoke again. “Remember when I told you that I often tickled my college classmates? I especially enjoyed doing this to classmates who seemed like they really needed to pee. Their full bladders really added to the cuteness of tickling them. Why don’t you try tickling each other now and see if you find it as fun as I did?”

Tickle each other? Was she serious? These were strangers, and it was already becoming increasingly difficult for Adam, and probably most of the others as well, to keep from peeing. To have to deal with tickling on top of that seemed excessive. Many of the others seemed equally shocked by Holly’s suggestion, but then Adam saw some of them start to smile, turn to the person next to them, and actually start tickling that person.

They had to do it one-handed, since even the ticklers still had their other hand glued to their crotch in desperation, but they seemed quite enthusiastic about the tickling. Adam was stunned that they were actually doing this, but he couldn’t deny that it was fun to watch. The playfulness of it added on to the raw sexiness of the seated pee-pee dances that everyone was still doing. Being primarily attracted to women, Adam had previously not devoted much attention to the other men who badly needed to pee, but he now found his attention drawn to the men getting tickled by women who were enjoying trying to make these men need to pee even worse.

Then someone started to tickle Adam. Adam turned to see that it was Stephanie, the woman on his right that he had chatted with on the way into the auditorium. She was smiling, even though her other hand was squeezing her crotch just as tightly as everyone else. Adam stared at her. He had to pee so badly; he was frantically clenching his thighs and kneading his desperate penis, and the tickling was almost enough to make him start peeing in his pants. Stephanie moved her face close to Adam’s and spoke quietly into his ear. “You really have to go, don’t you?” she asked. “I see the way you’re squeezing your dick through your pants. Is the tickling making it harder to hold? Do you feel like you’re about to start peeing? You look so sexy with that panicked look on your face. It’s making my pussy wet. Of course, I have to pee pretty bad myself, but I just can’t resist playing with you a bit. Holly was right. This is fun!”

Adam looked around the theatre again, anxiously this time, and he saw some people starting to stand up and make their way toward the aisles. Adam started to wonder if he should do the same. Peeing onstage would be super awkward, but he didn’t think he could hold it much longer with the way he was being tickled. Before he made up his mind, though, Stephanie stopped tickling him and said, “Man, I really have to pee. I don’t think I can hold it anymore. I hope to see you later.” She stood up, one hand still tightly squeezing her crotch, and started walking toward the aisle on their right.

Adam still had to pee extremely badly, but now that he was no longer being tickled, he felt like maybe he could hold it a bit longer. It remained to be seen whether he could make it to the end of the 45 minutes without using one of the buckets, but for now he could at least try. He watched the standing people make their way into the aisles and down the stairs. As they got closer to the buckets, their pee-pee dances seemed to become even more frantic. Noticing them, Holly started giggling and said, “Are some of you becoming more comfortable with the idea of peeing onstage? I’m sure it still feels weird. But you don’t have much choice, do you? No matter what you do, that pee is about to start flowing out through your desperate penises and vulvas, and if it’s not in the buckets then it will be in your clothes.”

A man reached the stage, stepped onto it, and walked around to the far side of the nearest bucket. He was alternating lifting each leg to cross it tightly over the other, and, as he turned to face the bucket and the audience, Adam saw that he was squeezing the front of his pants tightly enough to make the outline of his penis visible inside his clenched fist. He quickly unzipped his fly and, after a struggle, managed to extract his penis, which was tensing twice a second as he worked it all the way out and aimed it at the bucket. As soon as it was aimed, the man immediately started peeing hard into the bucket, and his face gradually started to relax.

A woman from the other aisle also reached the stage and stepped onto it. Standing on the near side of the bucket on her side of the stage, she turned to face the audience. She, too, was squeezing herself urgently with her hand and thighs, but getting her clothes out of the way was less of a struggle for her than it had been for the man. She was wearing a pleated miniskirt, which she quickly lifted with her free hand to reveal a pair of panties but nothing on her legs.

She pulled these panties aside just as quickly with the hand already in her crotch, exposing her rapidly-tensing vulva, then squatted over her bucket and started peeing into it, her face a mix of embarrassment at having to pee for an audience and relief at managing to keep her clothes dry. Both she and the man continued looking downward longer than seemed necessary to see what they were doing; they were understandably reluctant to make eye contact with anyone else. Adam was practically drooling at being able to watch these two people pee so visibly in front of him, even though he didn’t think he could hold his own pee much longer.

The others who had left their seats now formed two lines, one in each aisle, and man, did they look desperate! The hands squeezing their crotches were pulsing, their thighs were banging and rubbing together almost fast enough to start fires, some were bobbing up and down, others only had one foot on the ground at a time. Even from the side, Adam could see many of them gritting their teeth and their eyes open wide with dread. They really looked like they were about to wet themselves. It must have taken a lot for them to be willing to pee in buckets onstage, but Adam was starting to think some of them might not even make it to the buckets.

The peeing man and woman slowly lifted their gazes. Their embarrassed expressions gradually gave way to exultant ones; the obvious, extreme desperation of those in line (as well as the only slightly lesser discomfort of those still in the seats) was starting to make peeing in the buckets seem like more of a victory than a failure. “Nice, isn’t it?” Holly asked the peeing duo. “You’re finally having your urgently-needed pee and are able to truly relax and at the same time watch the desperate, panicked pee-pee dances of the people still waiting. Such a beautiful imbalance.”

Once the two people finished peeing, the man zipping up his fly and the woman letting her panties and skirt fall back into place, they didn’t immediately return to their seats. Instead, they turned to face each other, both smiling, and started walking toward each other along the front edge of the stage while the next two people, both men this time, quickly came up to the buckets and started unzipping their flies. When the relieved man and woman reached each other, a little bit in front of where Holly was sitting, they high-fived triumphantly, and only then did they step off the stage and start making their way back up the aisles toward their seats.

The two men now at the buckets were having their own struggles, but eventually managed to extract their trembling penises and aim them at the buckets just before the pee started flowing. The anxiety on these men’s faces then gave way to relief, which turned to enjoyment as they looked up at the people still waiting. And when they had finished peeing and zipped their flies back up, they also high-fived each other in front of Holly before returning to their seats.

The next two people at the buckets were both women, but they had very different outfits. One was wearing a short yellow giraffe print dress. Other than the print and colour, the dress looked similar to Holly’s, and when giraffe woman lifted the hem, Adam saw that, like Holly, she wasn’t wearing anything under it. This allowed her to start peeing into the bucket pretty well as soon as she reached it. The other woman, by contrast, was wearing tight blue jeans, and she was having quite a bit of difficulty trying to lower them one-handed while her other hand desperately squeezed her crotch. It took a fair bit of time before she finally managed to get her jeans down to her knees, barely keeping them dry as she urgently squatted and started peeing into her bucket.

This whole time Holly was giggling while she continued to openly finger her vulva, periodically throwing in more comments about the intensifying pee-pee dances and adding a few about the struggles some people were having at the buckets. Adam himself had to pee badly enough that he was almost ready to join the nearest line, even though he knew it would make him more of a target for Holly’s teasing, but he wanted to take a few more moments to enjoy both the people peeing in the buckets and the people desperately dancing and squeezing themselves in the aisles.

Stephanie was one of the next people in line. Adam felt a certain satisfaction in being able to watch her urgently pull down her navy-blue slacks and royal-blue panties to pee in the bucket after the way she had tickled and teased him earlier. But by now Adam’s own need was demanding most of his attention, so he decided he had better join the line. He stood up and made his way to the nearest aisle, on his right. Like the others in line, Adam’s dancing was becoming more intense as he put all of his effort into holding his pee just a little bit longer.

Adam didn’t have quite as good a view of the line from in it, but he could still see Stephanie peeing in the bucket onstage, and he was enjoying watching her. Stephanie met Adam’s gaze and smiled playfully. She maintained eye contact as she finished peeing, stood up, pulled her panties and slacks back up, and stepped off the stage. Then she started walking directly toward Adam. When she reached him, she let out a big, happy sigh and said, “Wow, that feels so much better! Now I can really enjoy playing with you.” Her eyes sparkled with mischief, and she started tickling Adam once more.

Adam stared at Stephanie again, even more shocked by this new tickle session than he had been by the previous one. He was barely able to keep from peeing as it was, and was already cutting it close to make it to the bucket before he started peeing in his pants, and Stephanie thought that this would be a good time to tickle him? Stephanie returned Adam’s stare with a hungry smile, then looked at the stage as she continued to tickle Adam. Adam followed her gaze. Holly, still giggling, glanced at Adam, then addressed Stephanie and cooed, “Looks like someone’s found a toy they like. Now that your own bladder’s nice and empty, who better to tickle than a cute, bursting guy who’s frantically dancing and squeezing his penis and looks like he’s about to absolutely soak his pants?”

“Who better, indeed?” Stephanie echoed quietly into Adam’s ear. “Your pee-pee dance is so sexy. You’re squeezing your dick so tightly and can’t stand still for a second. You look so close to losing control and peeing helplessly into your pants. Now that I myself have used the bucket and don’t have to worry about pissing my own panties, I’m getting so turned on by tickling you when your bladder’s about to explode. It’s absolutely magical!”

A few places in front of Adam in line, a woman called out to the stage, “Come on, hurry up, I’m about to piss myself!” Adam didn’t have a very good view of this woman from where he was, but based on what he had seen earlier and how he himself felt, he could certainly believe her. Adam looked back over his shoulder and saw that more people were joining the line behind him. Some of them, like Adam, were being tickled by a companion who had already used one of the buckets. There was plenty for Holly to comment on, and her attention didn’t stay on Adam long. It would have been a feast of a scene, but in addition to Adam’s obstructed view, he now needed to focus on holding his own pee.

The person at the nearest bucket finished peeing and moved out of the way. The person at the far bucket was still going, but Adam could spare little attention to even think about the far bucket. Adam’s line moved up one space as the next frantically-dancing person went up to the bucket. This line was moving so slowly! Why were there only two buckets when dozens of people had deliberately been set up to all desperately need to pee at the same time? Holly was still masturbating and giggling, and her excitement seemed to be rising at watching all these people who were about to start peeing uncontrollably into their clothes. But she didn’t seem to share their urgency. She didn’t offer to bring out more buckets or do anything else to expedite their relief. It was almost as though she wanted them to wet themselves.

The line moved up another space. The woman who had been vocal about her desperation was the next to make her way to the bucket. She seemed to have managed to stay dry, although she didn’t waste any time getting ready to pee in the bucket. Adam didn’t watch her for long, focused as he was on keeping his own pants dry. In addition to squeezing with his hand and thighs, he was clenching the muscles in his penis. He didn’t think he could hold on much longer. He was going to completely wet his pants before he made it to the bucket, and then he would have to wear those wet pants home. What would his neighbors think?

By now, Adam was so focused on his own body that his surroundings barely registered. Only the motion of the line still held any interest for him, and even that sometimes took a gentle push from the person behind him for him to notice. It came as a bit of a surprise when he realized that he was next. The person in front of Adam in line was finishing up at the bucket, and now, finally, it was Adam’s turn.

Adam rushed onstage to the far side of the bucket and faced both it and the audience. Stephanie joined him and continued to tickle him. Adam unzipped his fly and began frantically trying to get his penis out. He had somehow managed to keep from peeing thus far, but having to let go of his penis in order to get it out was an additional challenge that he really did not need. He had to pee now! Against the odds, though, he did manage, barely, to extract his penis without wetting himself. Then his muscles completely gave out and the pee started flowing out of him of its own accord, though he was able to get it all into the bucket. That had been razor-close!

“Ooh!” Stephanie exclaimed as she finally stopped tickling Adam. “Look how hard that pee is flowing out through that desperate dick! You really were just about to uncontrollably piss your pants, weren’t you?”

Once he was sure of his aim, Adam looked up at Stephanie to see a smile on her face, then turned his head to look at the aisles. The lines both looked quite a bit longer than they had been earlier, and quite a number of the wildly pee-dancing people in them were now being tickled by relieved, giggling companions who showed no concern whatsoever about how close their victims were to completely soaking their clothes.

Now that Adam’s own clothes were safe, his frustration from the slowness of the line flipped to an almost evil exhilaration from the beautiful mass torment in front of him. He had a perfect front view of all these people desperately squeezing their penises and vulvas with terrified facial expressions contrasting quite excitingly with the glee of the people tickling so many of them. And to feel his own pee flowing safely, though unstoppably, into the bucket while observing the panicked, urgent pee desperation of two long lines of people who might not make it was the cherry on the sundae.

Of course, with the number of people waiting to use the buckets, Adam didn’t want to delay them any longer than he needed to. He did have some empathy. He didn’t try to cut off his flow, but he did do his best to push it out as quickly as possible, and when his flow did stop, he immediately put his penis away, zipped up his fly, and moved away from the bucket. He lingered on the stage, though, wanting to enjoy this view a few more moments, and Stephanie stayed by his side. Remembering what some of the others had done earlier, Adam slowly walked toward the other bucket. A woman was peeing into it, squatting with her shorts and panties at her knees, but she seemed to be finishing up.

As Adam walked, he continually moved his head to look in all four directions. In front of him, the openly peeing woman. To his left, the two lines of desperate, frantically pee-dancing people waiting to use the buckets, half of them being tickled while they struggled. To his right, Holly in her chair, still masturbating, giggling, and looking at everyone with deep mischief in her eyes. And behind him, a man at the bucket Adam had vacated, struggling urgency to get his penis out while a woman playfully tickled him. All these sights were making Adam’s penis start to harden yet again, and this time he didn’t have the distraction of his own full bladder.

At his slow pace, Adam had only taken a few steps when the woman at the far bucket finished peeing, stood up, and pulled up her panties and shorts. She moved away from her bucket to make room for the next person, then looked around, noticed Adam and Stephanie walking toward her, and started walking toward the two of them, continuing to cast her gaze around the same way Adam was. She walked a little bit faster than Adam to make up for Adam’s head start and still meet in the middle, but she was clearly as excited by the scene around her as Adam was.

When they reached each other near Holly’s chair, the woman from the far bucket high-fived Adam the way others had done, then said, “Wow, I can’t believe I made it! I thought I was going to piss myself a while ago!”

“Yeah, same,” said Adam. “I’m Adam. This is my new friend Stephanie.”

“I’m Amanda. I wonder how many of the others will be as lucky as we were. Several of them already seem to be cheating fate.”

“Yeah, they really do,” Adam said. In a show of concern, he turned to Holly in her nearby chair and asked, “Are you planning to bring out more buckets or anything? Those lines are getting pretty long.”

“Long lines turn me on like crazy,” Holly said. She stopped giggling, but her masturbating intensified. “So many bladders about to overflow. So many urgently clenching pussies and cocks. So many mouthwateringly sexy pee-pee dances. So many panicked faces. So many sets of clothes about to get very, very wet. This is the best part of the show. I’m not going to cut it short now.”

Adam felt conflicted. He was definitely enjoying the scene, and he was hardening further from Holly’s description of it. But was it reasonable to make people wait in such long lines when their bladders were filling so quickly? There would be consequences if they wet themselves. They would have to wear those wet, smelly clothes all the way home, through streets filled with people who would think that they had failed as humans. Did Holly have any pity at all?

Seeming to read Adam’s concern, Holly looked straight into his eyes and smiled gently. Of course she had pity. She had said at the beginning of the performance that she did not condone bullying, and Adam still believed that. Holly would not humiliate anyone. Adam could only guess at how the game would end, but he felt reassured that, one way or another, it would remain contained to the theatre.

Adam looked back at Amanda, who smiled at him and said, “I’m going to go find someone to tickle.” She cheerfully stepped off the stage and went back to her aisle to pick out a target. Adam could no longer justify lingering on the stage, so he also stepped off, but he didn’t like to tickle people, so he and Stephanie simply returned to their seats.

Once they were seated, Stephanie looked at Adam and said, “Want to fool around?”

Adam couldn’t believe his luck. “Sure!” he said excitedly.

“Give me your hand,” Stephanie said. Adam compliantly held out his right hand. Stephanie took it and slid it into the waistband of her panties far enough for Adam to feel her labia against his fingers. Adam started gently fingering Stephanie under her panties, which Stephanie seemed fine with, and then Stephanie slid her own hand into Adam’s underwear and started caressing his penis. Adam was still pretty hard from the view of the lines he had had from the stage, as well as Holly’s vivid descriptions of them, and he became even harder under Stephanie’s nimble touch.

A natural next step might have been to kiss, but the show wasn’t over, and as rare as Adam’s make-out opportunities may have been, shows like this were rarer still. So, rather than nuzzle Stephanie’s face, Adam watched the lines in the aisles some more. Stephanie didn’t seem to mind; in fact, she started quietly and sensually narrating the scene into Adam’s ear as they continued to fondle each other. “Look at them dance,” Stephanie murmured. “Look at them bounce and wriggle and squirm. Look how vigorously they’re squeezing their desperate pussies and cocks. They’re barely holding on. You and I know firsthand how it feels to be right on the precipice of pissing ourselves after drinking that fruit punch. And their urgency isn’t discouraging anyone from ticking them. On the contrary, the more badly they have to pee, the more fun they are to tickle. I definitely enjoy watching it. You seem to, as well.” Stephanie playfully squeezed Adam’s now very hard penis.

She had that right; Adam was very much enjoying the view. The people in line still seemed to be staying dry, but the dances this required were exquisite. Adam looked at the stage, with the two exposed people peeing hard into the buckets. Each time one of them finished, the next person coming up seemed to be in the process of losing control as they urgently struggled to get their clothes out of the path of their pee, dancing like a jackhammer in a tornado the entire time. Once they managed to expose their quivering vulva or penis, they barely had time to get into position before the pee started shooting out of them. It was really exciting to see each person’s body take over like this. In her chair between the two buckets, Holly now had her middle finger deep inside her vagina and her mouth open slightly, clearly enjoying this experience immensely.

Stephanie’s fingers on Adam’s penis seemed to be finding magic points Adam hadn’t known existed. Adam started to worry that he might actually come in his pants. He looked at Stephanie, thinking he should maybe suggest that she slow down. Before he could utter a word, Stephanie seemed to read his face and removed her hand from inside Adam’s underwear, then used her hand to guide Adam’s out of her panties. Adam smiled affirmatively at her, but she wasn’t done. Stephanie got out of her seat, used her hands to spread Adam’s knees, then knelt on the floor between Adam’s thighs, facing him. She brought her face right up to Adam’s crotch, then started unzipping Adam’s fly, using her head to hide what she was doing as well as she could from the others. Adam’s eyes and mouth opened wide, but he didn’t say anything as Stephanie finished unzipping his fly, worked his erection out through it, and put it in her mouth.

Adam was completely blown away by the sensations of Stephanie delicately fluttering her tongue against the underside of his penis as she sucked on it. Now he had to say something. “Um, Stephanie?” Adam began uncertainly. “You might want to stop soon.” Stephanie showed no reaction as she continued to magically work Adam’s penis with her tongue. “Stephanie,” Adam said a bit more firmly. Stephanie looked up at Adam’s face from where she was and slowed down slightly. “I really think you should stop soon,” Adam reiterated.

Stephanie slowed down a bit more and studied Adam’s face for a few seconds. She seemed to understand, and slowly moved her mouth away from the base of Adam’s penis toward the tip, though she continued to gently tap the underside with her tongue as she moved. Adam hoped she would get it all the way out soon. He was getting very close to coming, and he didn’t want to anger Stephanie by coming in her mouth. Stephanie brought her lips almost to the head of Adam’s penis, but then stopped letting it out any further, although she also stopped tonguing it. “Stephanie!” Adam said urgently. “Come on, take it out now!” Stephanie was still looking at Adam’s face but remained frozen. Was that a playful expression in her eyes?

Suddenly, Stephanie winked, then trilled her tongue just under the head of Adam’s penis even more rapidly than before. Adam could no longer hold back. He came hard in Stephanie’s mouth, but far from being angry, Stephanie seemed hungry for it as she continued to lick. Now that there no longer seemed to be a risk of either violating Stephanie’s boundaries or making a mess, Adam took one more opportunity to enjoy his view of the two lines of extremely full-bladdered people getting tickled while they danced and squeezed their crotches in their desperate attempts to keep from peeing until they reached the buckets.

This view made him come even harder than he would have from Stephanie’s tongue alone. He could hear Stephanie swallowing multiple times. And when his orgasm started to subside, Stephanie seemed to want even more, and took the rest of Adam’s penis back into her mouth, bringing her lips to the base and vigorously licking anywhere her tongue could reach. She kept Adam coming for longer than he could ever have expected, and when the semen finally stopped flowing, Stephanie still continued to probe the base of Adam’s penis with her tongue, as if to ask, “Are you sure you don’t have any more in there for me?”

Having come as much as seemed possible, Adam no longer felt the need to watch the lines in the aisles. He looked down at Stephanie. Stephanie’s eyes sparkled as she looked back up at Adam, and she was smiling around the penis still in her mouth. But she also seemed to understand that Adam was well and truly finished. She gripped the skin at base of Adam’s penis with her teeth and slowly dragged it toward the tip with her mouth to get any remaining semen out of Adam’s urethra. Once her mouth was at the tip, she licked off the last drop, then released her tooth-grip, let Adam’s penis fall out of her mouth, and swallowed one last time. She had been very thorough and careful; not a single drop of semen remained on Adam’s penis, nor had any fallen anywhere other than inside Stephanie’s mouth. Stephanie put Adam’s softening penis away and zipped up his fly, then returned to her seat next to him.

“Did you enjoy that?” Stephanie asked Adam quietly.

“Wow!” Adam said, deeply impressed.

“Here,” Stephanie said gently, picking up Adam’s right hand. “Why don’t you play with me some more?” She slid Adam’s hand back into her panties and Adam started to finger her again. Then, as before, Stephanie put her own hand into Adam’s underwear to fondle his penis. It didn’t get hard again, but Adam still enjoyed the sensation. “Did I miss anything?” Stephanie asked.

“Just the usual,” Adam responded.

Stephanie started to look around the theatre. “The lines seem to be starting to get shorter again,” she said. “I don’t see any wet clothes yet. Those pee-pee dances are definitely still just as frantic, though. Still only the two buckets for all these people right on the edge of pissing themselves. Ooh, look at Holly!” Adam looked. Holly’s eyes were half-lidded and she was starting to moan in ecstasy as she rapidly fingered herself in her chair. “I want what she’s having. Finger me harder.” Adam did so, sticking two fingers deep into Stephanie’s wet vagina and rapidly moving the tips against the walls. Before long, Stephanie, too, started to moan.

Adam looked at Stephanie. She was watching the nearest line of people waiting to use the corresponding bucket. Adam followed her gaze, and now it was his turn to speak quietly into Stephanie’s ear. “Pretty spectacular performance, isn’t it?” he asked. “It’s a bit impressive that so many people can dance so sexily with no choreography or rehearsing. All they need is a specially mixed fruit punch and a bucket that they have to wait for. That was a pretty sneaky trick. Holly got us pretty good, didn’t she? She set up every single one of us to urgently need to pee after agreeing to stay in the room for what would otherwise have been a completely reasonable length of time. Then she only provided two buckets, with no privacy, for a sixty-seat theatre. And then she encouraged us to tickle each other. It was so naughty of you to tickle me when I already felt like I was about to wet my pants!”

“Are you going to spank me?” Stephanie asked suggestively between moans.

Adam smiled as he continued to vigorously finger Stephanie. “Maybe I should. Maybe I should bend you over, pull those slacks and panties down past your juicy bottom, and slap that bare bottom as hard as I can, to punish you for naughtily tickling me when my exhausted, overworked, desperately clenching penis was about to lose its ability to keep all of that pee from flowing out into my pants.” Stephanie’s moaning became louder, and her vagina became wetter. Then Adam felt her clamp down on his fingers and saw her tilt her head back. Adam kept his fingertips moving to try to ensure that Stephanie got the most out of the experience. “But no,” Adam continued, “it’s all good. I made it in the end, and I’m glad you had fun. And I’d say you’ve done a pretty good job of making it up to me.”

Once Stephanie’s body relaxed, she looked at Adam, placed her free hand on the back of his head, and brought their faces together for a kiss. Adam was no longer concerned about missing any of the show. He had had his fill of it. While continuing to gently masturbate each other, they kissed passionately, sucking on each other’s lips and licking each other’s tongues. The energy in Stephanie’s tongue seemed to convey her lingering excitement from the memory of seeing Adam and the others needing to pee so badly, an excitement which Adam mirrored. Adam was in no hurry to end the kiss, and Stephanie didn’t seem to be either.

Adam enjoyed most of the kiss with his eyes closed, but, because it was lasting so long, he would periodically open his eyes to glance at his surroundings and make sure they weren’t being kicked out of the theatre. Stephanie’s face partially obscured Adam’s view of the line to his right, but he could still see enough to get a general idea of how long it was. It seemed to be shorter each time Adam checked.

When it was short enough that Adam could no longer count on it keeping attention away from himself and Stephanie, he stopped fingering Stephanie, took his hand out of her panties, and started to pull back from the kiss. Stephanie opened her eyes and responded in kind, removing her hand from Adam’s underwear and gently moving her head back toward her seat. She let Adam’s head slide out of her other hand, then used both of her hands to bring Adam’s right hand to her face and stuck the fingers that had been in her vagina into her mouth, sensually licking and sucking off her juices. She seemed intent on making sure Adam would remember how magic her tongue was.

Holly’s moans had become louder. Adam looked and saw that she was still vigorously fingering her vagina, but then suddenly her hand stopped moving as she seemed to reach her peak. She let out one final moan which turned into an ecstatic sigh. The last two people had reached the buckets, a man and a woman, both in jeans and both tightly squeezing their crotches and pressing their thighs together. The man was struggling to extract his penis and the woman was struggling to lower her jeans past her hips, but eventually they both succeeded and started peeing into their respective buckets. Holly removed her fingers from her vagina and put them into her mouth. Still concerned about attracting attention, Adam pulled his own fingers out of Stephanie’s mouth and put both hands in his lap. He was glad he did, because a moment later, Holly started to cast her gaze about the auditorium.

Holly put her legs together but continued to suck on her fingers for the entire time the last pair of people peed. When they finished peeing and zipped their jeans back up, Holly slid her fingers out of her mouth and said, “Mm! Now that is the taste of a woman who just got to watch almost sixty very full-bladdered people having to wait in two very long lines for their turn to desperately pee into a bucket.” She stood up. “You two,” she said, pointing to the two final people who had just finished at the buckets. They both turned to look at her. “You’re my winners,” she told them, “because you waited the longest. I can tell by the posture of the others that none of them are still waiting, unless the fruit punch failed to do its job.” She spread her arms and said, “Bring it in.”

It took the two people by the buckets a few seconds to process what Holly had said, but then they both cautiously started approaching Holly. When they reached her, Holly wrapped them both up in a group hug, smiled warmly, and said, “Well done!” She held them in her embrace for several seconds. When she did release them, they each took a step back but remained on the stage with Holly. Addressing the rest of the theatre, Holly said, “And well done to all of you. I know how difficult it was for you to keep from peeing until your turn came to use one of the buckets, but you did it, and you put on an excellent show in the process!

Thank you all for being such a great source of entertainment! If you get nostalgic, you’re welcome to come to this show again, but be aware that you are required to drink the fruit punch before entering the auditorium. This requirement would have seemed peculiar if we had phrased it this way before you attended the show, but now that you know what the fruit punch does, don’t go looking for loopholes. I would also ask that you don’t give away the surprise for people who haven’t seen the show yet. And I think that’s our time. You’re free to go. Thanks again!” She shifted her attention back to the two people standing next to her and said, “One more hug for the road?” They both eagerly came in for another group hug as the others applauded and then started to stand up and file out of the theatre.

Adam looked at Stephanie. Would he ever see her again? She looked back at him and said, “Want to grab a drink?”

Adam smiled. “Yeah, let’s do that,” he said enthusiastically. Staying close together, the two of them followed the others out of the theatre, and once they were clear of the crowd, they started to search the street for a good place to hang out.

*003*2024-10-04 05:22

{{On 6/5/2024 at 8:11 PM, heygirlhey said: 

Incredible story - so hard to find good mass desperation, especially with both female AND male! Looking forward to reading more from you 😉 

}}

Thanks! It took me a while to figure out how to write a story involving so many people (like, how many details to give for each person and how to come up with them). That said, I would definitely be interested in reading more large mixed group desperation stories, if other authors are up to the challenge. I myself haven't done any writing since I finished this story, although there are a couple other stories that I started writing years ago but didn't get very far into. 

{{On 6/3/2024 at 11:11 PM, urophile_anon said: 

What a unique story and concept!! 

}}

Thanks! It's kind of fun to come of with and build these setups in a way that works. Some of the components I didn't realize I needed until I tried writing the story without them. For example, I did not initially think to include the buckets; I simply imagined everyone trying to hold it until Holly dismissed them and wetting themselves if they could not. But when I got to the point in the story where people started to think they couldn't hold it anymore, I realized that the natural thing for them to do would be to start making their way toward the exit. So I had them do that, and then I had Holly yell at them and remind them that they had agreed to remain in the auditorium unless they felt unsafe. At that point, I realized there was no longer any game; if they went back to their seats, it would be with the knowledge that wetting was inevitable, and if they left, it would be a rule violation. When I first wrote in the buckets, it was at that very point in the story when they were announced and illuminated. But then I decided that it didn't make sense to wait for people to start trying to break the rules before introducing their options. So I moved the bucket reveal to immediately after the objective reveal, which made the exercise more of a game because the participants were presented with a proper decision. 

The component that I think went through the most changes was the show description right at the beginning. 

