A Harmony Dragon's Desperation: Elma`s Pee-filled Night

Author: Char242

*000*2018-03-18 05:03

Author's note: This story takes place during the events of When the Snow Falls. It is more pee based than its predecessor and will be told in two parts.

It was a cold day in the latter half of January and Elma was busy working. While in her home world she was a dragon in the harmony faction, in our world she was an ordinary office worker. On this day, she was working at top speed in the hopes of getting out early to catch a sale on her favorite snacks at the local grocery store. As she pounded away at the keyboard, she overheard one of her coworkers say something about how management had placed a new energy drink in the vending machines in the break room. Having never partaken of an energy drink before, Elma decided to try it. Elma stopped by the machine during her break and bought one. As she popped the tab and took a sip, an explosion of sweet flavor enveloped her taste buds. “Soooooo goooood!!!” she cried before taking a larger gulp.

“You better be cautious with those. They’re highly addictive,” warned a voice behind her. Turning around, Elma saw Kobayashi standing behind her and she looked exhausted.

“I’m fine,” said Elma proudly sticking her chest out, “I am a dragon who won’t fall prey to the addictiveness of something created by humans.” The irony of it though was that since coming to this world, she had become addicted to all sorts of snacks and sweets. This energy drink would be no different.

“Whatever you say,” said Kobayashi as she rolled her eyes and walked away.

The minute she was out of sight, Elma chugged the rest of the drink. As the last drop hit her tongue, she felt a pinch of sadness at having drunken it so quickly. Looking down at the now empty can, she decided to buy another to take back to her desk. By the time she finished her work, she had drunk six 8oz cans of the energy drink. Getting up from her desk, Elma could feel a small throbbing in her bladder.

She then decided that she would make a quick pit stop at the restroom before leaving the building. However, this idea was quickly scrapped when she realized what time it was. It was almost 4 o’clock and the sale was going to be starting in a matter of minutes. Walking past the restrooms and towards the elevator, Elma couldn’t help but look longingly at the women’s restroom. However, her desire to buy as many snacks for as little money as possible was far greater than her current desire for the bathroom. She proceeded to board the elevator to the first floor and left, all the while thinking that she could wait until she got back to her apartment.

###

Elma arrived at the supermarket with plenty of time to spare. The moment the sale started, she began loading her shopping cart with the best snacks she could find at the cheapest price as payday wasn’t for another week or so. By the time she paid for her snacks and exited the building, it was about 5 o’clock. As Elma began moving, she could feel another throbbing sensation in her bladder, this time a little stronger than the one before. She quickly picked up her pace as she began making her way through the crowded streets.

Suddenly somebody grabbed the back of her arm. Looking back, she saw it was Kobayashi and with her was the purple-haired boy called Shouta. The next thing Elma knew, Kobayashi was asking her if she could watch the little dragon known as Kanna. At first Elma told Kobayashi no because she was in hurry to make it back to her apartment so that she could relieve herself. However, the promise of a free trip to an all-you-can-eat cake buffet quickly made her change her mind. After saying yes to Kobayashi’s request, Elma was given a key and then watched as Kobayashi and the boy took off in hurry for the train station. “I wonder what that’s all about,” she muttered to herself as she began making her way to Kobayashi’s apartment as snow began falling from the sky.

…

When she was about half-way to the apartment, the throbbing started up again, except this time it was stronger and it didn’t go away. Each step she took only seemed to make things worse and she could practically feel the pee sloshing around her bladder. All she could do was try to think of something else as she prayed that she would quickly arrive at Kobayashi’s apartment where she could relieve herself. Minutes later, she arrived at the apartment, only to remember that she would need to climb several flights of stairs. Walking up each stair felt like torture for the poor dragon as the up and down motion of her legs climbing each step jostled her bladder.

“Just a little bit more,” she panted, fighting the urge to squat down then and there and let it flow. However, just as she hit the second to last section of steps, she felt a small squirt hit her panties, the shock of which caused her to fall to her knees. “There is no way a proud dragon such as myself is going to lose to a bodily function,” she cried as she clenched her hands over her crotch. She took a few deep breaths to try to gather herself. 

As she tried to think of something else to take her mind off the pain, she suddenly remembered that she had blocked her earlier desire to go to the bathroom by thinking about food. Reaching into one of her bags, she grabbed a box of pocky and removed a couple of the chocolate-coated biscuit sticks. Placing the chocolate-covered ends in her mouth, she began to suck on it. Within a matter of seconds, she could feel the pain in her bladder begin to subside as her desire to pee was once again blocked out. Once the pain was manageable enough that she could stand back up, Elma grabbed her bags and finished the climb up the stairs.

By the time she reached the apartment door, she had almost completely blocked out the urge to pee. As Elma unlocked the door and entered, she could hear the floor creaking under small footsteps as a young girl’s voice called out, “Welcome home.” Kanna entered the hallway just as Elma was removing her shoes over by the door. Upon seeing that the person who had entered the apartment was neither Kobayashi nor Tohru, Kanna coldly said, “Oh, it’s just you. What do you want? Are you here because you want free snacks?”

“As a matter of fact, I’m not,” replied a smiling Elma, the throbbing vein in her forehead betraying the fact that she was offended by the little dragon’s assertion that she would come by for such a reason. Of course to the child’s defense, Elma had done that a few times prior to earning her first paycheck in this world. “I’m here because Miss Kobayashi asked me to come watch you in her stead as something important came up.”

“Fafnir is already watching me, so you can leave,” declared Kanna.

“I don’t care. Miss Kobayashi asked me to watch you and that’s just what I’m going to do. Now tell me where Fafnir is.” The harmony dragon watched as Kanna turned around and went back to the living room. Elma followed her and was surprised to see the older dragon who was supposed to be watching this young child, instead had his eyes glued to a videogame, a headset covering his ears. The living area was a mess with crayons and snack crumbs littering the kotatsu and floor. It was painfully clear to Elma why she had been asked to come and watch the little dragon girl. “Miss Kobayashi asked me to come here and watch Kanna. There is no need for you to stay,” said Elma as she stared at Fafnir. However, the male dragon did not respond. She tried once more, but still Fafnir did not respond. “That does it!” she screamed as she walked right in front of the T.V. Unfortunately, Elma’s stepping in front of the T.V. indirectly caused the character in Fafnir’s game to die.

“YOU MADE ME LOSE!!” screamed Fafnir as his red eyes filled with murderous rage. As he glared at her, Elma felt a few drops of urine seep into her slightly soiled panties.

“I’m sorry,” she whined as she stepped away from the T.V., her body shaking in fear.

“What do you want?” asked Fafnir as he began to calm down a little.

“I was trying to tell you that Miss Kobayashi asked me to watch Kanna and now that I’m here, you can go home.”

“I’m staying,” replied Fafnir coldly as he resumed his game from the last checkpoint. Elma thought about possibly using force to get him to leave, but decided against it after having wet herself a little because of his glare. Suddenly Elma felt a small tug on the back of her skirt. Turning around, she saw Kanna standing behind her.

“I’m hungry,” whined Kanna, “what’s for dinner?”

Elma was shocked at what she was hearing. She hadn’t been asked to feed this child nor did she know when Kobayashi was getting back. As she thought about what to do, a loud buzzing filled the room as something in Elma’s skirt pocket began vibrating. The sudden vibration near her crotch caught her off guard and her body twitched as she felt a couple more drops leak into her panties. She quickly grabbed the device that humans called a “cellular phone” and removed it from her pocket. Elma had just gotten one about a week earlier and was still learning how to properly use it. “Hello. Who may I ask is calling?” she answered as she flipped open the phone

“Elma, its Kobayashi,” replied the voice on the other line. “I forgot to ask you to make dinner for Kanna since I don’t know when I’ll be back. Would you mind feeding her? There should be some supplies in the kitchen to make curry.”

“No problem,” replied Elma. Suddenly she remembered that she had never made it before. Not wanting to look incompetent, the dragon asked, “Is there a specific recipe you would like me to use?”

“Any recipe should be fine, but if you’re really worried about it, there should be a recipe in the kitchen.” There was a short pause. “Shoot, my phone battery is low. I’ll text you if I think of anything else. Bye.”

“I guess I’m making curry,” stated Elma as she closed her flip phone.

“Is it mild?” asked Fafnir.

“You’re not getting any,” replied Elma, angry at Fafnir’s selective hearing. Fafnir responded by making a disgruntled “tch” sound. A few seconds later Elma received a text from Kobayashi which she read out loud: “If Fafnir is still there, please feed him too. P.S. Fafnir does not like his curry spicy.” As she read over the text once more, she screamed to herself, “I have to feed him too!”

“Will it be mild?” asked Fafnir in a condescending tone. Elma could have sworn that she saw a triumphant smile creep across Fafnir’s face, if even just for a split second.

“Fine, I’ll go make it,” she said as she decided there was no use in arguing. However, as she turned and walked into the kitchen she muttered under her breath, “I hope you choke on it.”

“What was that?” asked Fafnir, his eyes never leaving the game.

“I didn’t say anything,” cried Elma as she did her best not to tremble in fear. As she began making preparations for dinner, she began wondering what in the world was going on anyway.

………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………….

It was six o’clock when the three dragons sat down to dinner. As they were eating, Elma’s curiosity got the best of her and so she asked Fafnir what was going on. “Lucoa is planning on moving back to our world permanently,” replied Fafnir.

“I’m guessing Tohru went with her then?” asked Elma. Fafnir nodded. It was at this point that Kanna who had not been aware of the situation until now came to the mistaken belief that Tohru was not coming back. A few minutes had passed before Elma noticed that Kanna had stopped eating. “Is the curry bad?”

“Takiya’s is better,” interjected Fafnir.

“Who asked you?” screamed Elma. While she knew her cooking skills were subpar, Fafnir’s comments still hurt. “If my cooking is so bad, then you don’t have to eat it.”

“I never said it was bad,” said Fafnir as he stuffed another spoonful into his mouth.

“So, then it’s good?”

“It’s edible,” replied Fafnir. Elma quickly realized that maybe that was Fafnir’s way of complimenting her. Suddenly she heard sobbing. Elma turned to Kanna and noticed that the young dragon girl was crying. “What’s wrong?”

“Lady Tohru is not coming back, is she?” sobbed Kanna.

“I don’t know sweetie,” replied Elma as she wrapped her arms around the little dragon girl. “Although I bet that if she does try to leave, Miss Kobayashi will stop her and bring her right back here. At least that is what it looked like she was trying to do when I ran into her earlier.” Elma’s words seemed to have worked as Kanna soon calmed down.

…

After the three dragons had finished eating, Fafnir went back to his game while Elma began the process of cleaning up. As she did so, Elma noticed that Kanna had started following her like a chick following its mother. Elma figured that Kanna was doing this because she was scared and lonely, so she allowed the girl to follow her around. The moment that Elma began doing the dishes, she remembered something important. Watching as water came flowing down from the faucet, Elma realized that she had been so distracted by everything going on that she still hadn’t gone to the bathroom. The moment she realized that, she could feel the throbbing pain start up again. She had one more thing to clean: the curry pot.

As she scrubbed the pot, she noticed that the residue inside wasn’t coming off. Desperately squeezing her legs together, Elma began scrubbing as hard as she could. But the residue remained. With the pot still in hand, she took a step back and tripped over Kanna before falling to the floor. As she fell, she felt a spurt of pee come out, this time a little bit more than the three previous times. Within seconds of Elma hitting the floor, the pot came down, splashing the crotch of her skirt with hot water in the process.

The incident must have been very loud because seconds later Fafnir was standing in the kitchen’s entryway looking down at Elma. “You’re too loud. I can’t focus on my game.” Before Elma could say anything, Fafnir noticed the pot on the floor and scooped it up. “Seriously, if you want to remove the residue you need to soak it in warm soapy water first.” Then much to Elma’s shock, Fafnir actually began cleaning it.

“Thank you,” she said as she stood up. Of course she still hadn’t realized that the crotch of her skirt was now completely soaked.

“Did you wet yourself?” asked Fafnir, as he turned his head and stared at the wet skirt.

“The pot spilled on her,” declared Kanna before Elma could respond. Elma was truly grateful to the girl for defending her although she had to wonder if either Kanna or Fafnir could smell the little bit of urine that had seeped into her panties and was now beginning to run down her legs.

“I’m going to go change,” said Elma. Walking out of the kitchen, she noticed a laundry basket with what looked like a pair of Kobayashi’s pants inside. Grabbing the pair of pants, she stated, “Since I don’t have anything else to wear, I’ll just borrow these. I’m sure Miss Kobayashi will understand.” Elma then began making her way to the bathroom. As she opened the bathroom door, she realized that Kanna was still following her. “I’m sorry but there are somethings that a dragon needs to do alone.” And with that, she entered the bathroom and closed the door.

She quickly hiked up her skirt, pulled down her soiled panties, and sat down. The instant that she sat down, the urine stream began to flow and a smile of relief came across her face. “I didn’t think I was going to make it,” she muttered to herself. Elma blushed a little as she realized that the sound of her stream hitting the toilet water was almost deafening. Suddenly she noticed something that looked like a purple ball squeeze under the door. It took her a couple of seconds to realize that it was Kanna’s tail and that the girl was sitting outside of the bathroom waiting for her.

The thought that Kanna might be able to hear everything that was going on made Elma self-conscious to the point that her stream automatically stopped and would not start again. Having not even released a fourth of what was in her bladder, Elma wiped herself off, stood up, and flushed. She then took off her soiled panties, which at this point were around her knees, and her wet skirt as well. Looking down at her white panties which were now stained yellow, Elma decided that she would rather go pantyless than put the soiled piece of cloth back on. She then reached down and grabbed the pair of pants that she had borrowed from the laundry basket.

As she slipped them on, she could once again feel a throbbing in her bladder. It was bad enough that she was unable to button the pants so instead she just covered it with her shirt. As she prepared to leave the bathroom, she thought to herself that she must have gone enough to at least take some of the pressure off so that she could manage for a couple more hours. Of course what she failed to realize was that peeing without completely emptying the bladder only makes the urge to go worse later on.

…

Not long after coming out of the bathroom, Elma decided to sit down on the couch and watch Fafnir play videogames as she had nothing better to do. Within seconds of Elma sitting down on the couch, Kanna laid down right next to her and then proceeded to plop her head down on Elma’s lap. The pressure of Kanna’s head on Elma’s bladder sent a shockwave of pain through Elma’s body, causing her to spasm a bit. She couldn’t help but wince in pain. Kanna seemed to notice Elma’s discomfort and lifted her head. “Did I hurt you?” Kanna asked looking deep into Elma’s eyes.

Doing her best to put on a brave face, Elma replied “I’m fine. I was just caught off guard is all. You can keep laying your head on my lap if you want.” After being reassured by Elma that it was alright, Kanna laid her head back down on Elma’s lap, this time more gently then before. As Kanna rested her head on Elma’s lap, Elma began gently patting the girl’s head. It was so soothing that the little dragon soon fell asleep. Elma ended up falling asleep about thirty minutes later.

…

Elma was awoken by the sound of keys jingling and the apartment door opening. As she opened her eyes and looked at the clock, she realized that it was almost 9:30 p.m. In the process of getting up from the couch, Elma accidentally woke up Kanna who had still been sleeping in her lap. The moment that Kobayashi and Tohru came into the living area, Kanna shot up and ran to them. “Miss Kobayahsi, Lady Tohru, welcome home,” cried the little dragon.

“Kanna, were you a good girl for Elma?” asked Kobayashi. Kanna nodded. Kobayashi then turned her attention to Elma. “I’m sorry that I caused you so much trouble. I’ll be sure to pay you back on payday.”

“It was no trouble at all,” said Elma, “although I did have to borrow a pair of your pants because my skirt got soaked when I was washing dishes. I’ll be sure to clean and return them to you as quickly as possible.” As Elma took a few steps forward, the pain in her bladder became so intense that she doubled over in pain and fell to her knees.

Kobayashi immediately knelt beside her and asked, “Is everything alright?”

In the almost three hours that she had been asleep, Elma's bladder had begun to fill back up to the point that her willpower alone was no longer enough to fight back the rushing onslaught of piss trying to escape. “Oh no,” whined Elma clenching her crotch so tightly that her knuckles had gone white, “I can’t hold it any longer.” Just as she said that, the dam burst, sending a cascade of piss into her pants. So much was coming out that within a matter of seconds, a golden pool had begun forming on the wooden tile beneath her.

By this point even Fafnir had become a spectator to this embarrassing scene. Everyone watched as Elma’s face was overcome with an extreme mixture of relief and shame. It took her almost two minutes to pinch off her stream. But the damage had been done. On the wooden floor was a golden lake about an inch deep that spanned about five feet in all directions and was beginning to spread. Next to Elma was Kobayashi who had failed to get clear in time and whose legs from the knee on down were now covered in Elma’s piss. “I’m so sorry,” cried Elma, doing her best to fight back the tears in the corners of her eyes. As Kobayashi got up, Elma half expected to be yelled at or slapped but was surprised when Kobayashi instead extended her hand to help her up.

“Are you feeling better now?” Kobayashi asked.

“How can you be so nice to me after everything that just happened?” sobbed Elma, hot tears streaming down the sides of her face.

“I’m not mad because there is nothing to be mad about. “Don’t worry about wetting yourself. It happens even to the best of us from time to time. Now let’s go get you cleaned up.” After Kobayashi helped her up, Elma began making her way to the bath. Kobayashi then turned her attention to Tohru and said, “As your punishment for attempting to leave Kanna alone with Fafnir, you’ll be cleaning up this mess.”

“But Miss Kobayashi…”

“No buts. Clean this up while I go help Elma.” And with that Kobayashi walked to the bath. Thus would start an interesting night that neither Elma, Kobayashi, nor Tohru would forget anytime soon.

To be Continued

*002*2019-06-06 10:41

Author's Note: In all honesty, over the last several few months I've been having some serious writer's block coupled with motivation issues to the point where I have considered several times whether I should stop writing altogether. However, it came to my attention that I still have several stories that I started on this forum but never finished. Regardless of whether I try to write new stories or not in the future, my plan for now is to try to finish these unfinished ones. For this story, I originally meant for it to be told in two parts. However, as I was writing it, I have decided that it will be told in three. Here is the second part.

Part 2

Following her not so little accident in the hallway just minutes earlier, Elma was escorted into the bath area by Kobayashi. Elma quietly stood outside the doorway as she watched Kobayashi turn the bathtub facet on. As the tub began to fill with warm water, Kobayashi turned around and walked towards Elma. Putting a hand on the harmony dragon’s shoulder, Kobayashi said, “Put your dirty clothes in the basket outside the door. Also feel free to use whatever you need to get cleaned up. I’ll go get some towels and some pajamas for you to wear.”

“Pajamas?” questioned Elma. “Why not regular clothes?”

“Because you’re going to be spending the night,” answered Kobayashi

“I couldn’t possibly impose on you, especially after what I did to your hallway floor,” said the flustered dragon. “I think it would be best for everyone if I just get cleaned up and go home.”

“Sorry, but that’s not happening,” declared Kobayashi. “The snowstorm outside was just upgraded to a blizzard warning. All the trains and buses are being shut down as we speak.”

“But I’m a dragon,” replied Elma, “I can just fly home and…”

“Don’t be stupid,” interrupted Kobayashi with a hint of agitation in her voice. “Visibility is already low out there and its only supposed to get worse throughout the night. You’re staying the night with us and that’s final. Now get undressed and get cleaned up before you catch a cold.” With that, Kobayashi turned her back and prepared to walk away. She had only taken a few steps when she felt something tug on the back of her sweater. Looking back, she saw that Elma’s cheeks were coated with fresh tears and her nostrils were beginning to drip.

“Are you mad at me for what I did in the hallway?” asked the trembling dragon.

Kobayashi softly sighed and turned around to face Elma. Using the sleeve of her sweater, Kobayashi gently wiped the tears from Elma’s face and said, “I’m not mad. Like I said before, it was an accident. Now please go get cleaned up. I would feel terrible if you caught a cold or something.”

“Okay,” sniffled Elma. The harmony dragon watched as Kobayashi turned around and left. Elma then disrobed and walked into the bath area. By this point in time, the tub was nearly full. She quickly turned off the water, walked over to a stool near the shower head, sat down, and began rinsing the urine on her legs and inner thighs that had already begun to dry. All the while, she wondered how she would face her arch nemesis Tohru who would surely make fun of her for having wet herself in such a childish fashion.

…

Back in the hallway, Tohru was almost halfway done with mopping up Elma’s urine puddle. Although in Tohru’s opinion, it was more of a lake. The dragon maid would have found the whole wetting incident even more hilarious were it not for the fact that she was being the forced to clean it up. “Why do I have to do this?” grumbled Tohru on her hands and knees as she mopped up the piss with some cleaning rags. Normally she would have used her magic to clean this up, but Tohru had a gut feeling that she would be scolded by Kobayashi if she used magic for this task. With the aroma of ammonia filling her nostrils, she angrily muttered to herself, “I had nothing to do with Elma soiling herself. If anything, Elma should be the one cleaning it.” As Tohru began to wring out the piss-soaked cloth over a bucket, she snapped, “Why couldn’t this be Miss Kobayashi’s pee? This is so unfair!!!”

“And what would you’d do if it were Miss Kobayashi’s pee?” grunted a voice behind her.

“Simple,” replied Tohru, “I would just lap it up with my tongue, being sure to savor every last drop of Miss Kobayashi’s juices.” By this point, the dragon maid had a perverted grin on her face and small glob of drool was forming on the side of her lower lip.

“Tohru!” grunted the extremely agitated voice. Looking back, Tohru saw that it was Kobayashi. Kobayshi had the throbbing vein on her forehead and the usual expression on her face that she wore whenever she was about to scold Tohru for misbehaving. “That’s disgusting,” she shouted.

“Not if it’s your juices,” cried Tohru. “I love you Miss Kobayashi and would do anything for you whether it was drinking your fluids, bathing you with my tongue, or…” Tohru paused for a moment, her cheeks beat red. “…Or consummating our love for one another.”

Kobayashi shook her head and uttered, “What am I going to do with you?”

“I know,” said Tohru excitedly, “we could…”

“I’m going to stop you right there,” interrupted Kobayashi as she began massaging her temple. “It’s been a long day so could you please keep your fantasies to yourself?” Before Tohru could say another word, Kobayashi turned her attention to Kanna who was now tugging on her pant leg with one hand and rubbing her eye with the other. Bending down to Kanna’s level, Kobayashi gently rubbed the top of the little dragon’s head and said, “I think it’s time for you to get ready for bed. If you hurry up, I’ll tuck you in.”

“Ok Miss Kobayashi. Goodnight Lady Tohru,” yawned the little dragon as she made her way to the room she shared with Tohru.

Once Kanna was gone, Kobayshi returned her attention to Tohru. “While you finish cleaning up here, I’m going to tuck Kanna into bed, get Elma a change of clothes, and then I’m going to take a bath.”

“I can join you if you want,” offered Tohru. “I’ll even wash your back for you.”

“I’m good,” replied Kobayashi.

“Okay,” muttered a dejected Tohru.

“Tohru, there is a couple things I want you to do for me though.”

“I’ll do anything Miss Kobayashi. Just name it and I’ll do it.”

“Well the first thing I want you to do is make dinner as we haven’t eaten yet.”

“Is there anything you want in particular?”

“Omurice would be good.”

“Can do,” smiled Tohru. “And what was the other thing?”

“I’m going to need to borrow a pair of your pajamas,” answered Kobayashi. As she looked at Tohru, she could tell that a big misunderstanding was about to take place. “They’re not for me,” clarified Kobayashi, “they’re for Elma.”

“But why would Elma need to borrow my pajamas if she is just going to go home after she gets out of the bath?” asked a curious Tohru.

“Because she’ll be spending the night,” replied Kobayashi.

“But why?” whined Tohru.

“Because the storm is getting bad and it wouldn’t be right to send her home in those conditions. Now will you let me borrow them or not?”

“Fine,” grumbled Tohru. “And I suppose you want me to make extra food just in case that gluttonous harmony dragon wants some too.”

“I wouldn’t necessarily call her gluttonous, but I think it would probably be a good idea,” said Kobayashi as she walked into the kitchen, opened the refrigerator, and pulled out a couple cans of beer. As she closed the refrigerator door, she asked, “That wouldn’t be to much trouble would it?”

“Of course not,” smiled Tohru, “I’m already making food for two anyways so making it for a third won’t be a problem at all.” However, behind her smile Tohru was pissed at the fact that not only would she have to cook for her enemy but that her enemy would be spending the night and wearing her pajamas to boot. It just wasn’t fair. Of course Tohru couldn’t tell Kobayashi this as it would make her seem petty, not that she hadn’t acted this way in front of Kobayashi before.

Kobayashi walked over to Tohru and gently patted her on the head. “Thank you for being so mature about this Tohru. I owe you one.” As Kobayashi walked into Kanna’s room to tuck her in, she swore she could hear Tohru out in the hallway squealing in delight about something. Kobayashi simply shook her head and began rummaging through the closet for pajamas for Elma.

…

Back in the bathroom, Elma was just finishing washing the soap off her breasts. She was just about to get up from the stool and into the bath when she thought she heard a noise behind her. Suddenly she felt something cold and metallic press up against her the side of her cheek. Without thinking, she lunged forward head first into the wall. “Oww!” she whimpered as she rubbed the bump that was beginning to grow on her head. Slowly turning her head, Elma saw that Kobayashi was standing behind her.

“I didn’t mean to scare you,” said Kobayashi as she put the two beer cans in her hands down and walked over to her. “Are you hurt anywhere?”

“I just bumped my head, but other than that, I’m fine.” As Elma turned around, she noticed for the first time that Kobayashi was naked. “Why are you naked?” asked a shocked Elma scooting back a little. “Did you come to punish me for what I did?” Closing her eyes, she muttered, “If so, please be gentle.” Elma then felt something cold on her forehead. Opening her eyes, she saw that Kobayashi was extending one of the cans of beer to her. Elma took it from Kobayashi’s hand.

“Honestly, I’m starting to think that Tohru’s perverted thoughts are rubbing off on you,” sighed Kobayashi as she opened the second beer can. Taking a swig from the can, she said “I’m here because I need to clean up too. And I thought that since were both girls and all it wouldn’t be an issue if we bathed together.” She paused for a second before asking. “That doesn’t bother you, does it?”

“Not really,” said Elma as she looked down at the unopened beer in her hands. In all honesty, she had no desire to drink it as her bladder was still a little more than half full despite the piss lake she had created on Kobayashi’s hallway floor. What Kobayashi likely hadn’t realized was that dragons have bigger bladders, meaning they could store more urine than a human could. However, it also meant that it could take longer to completely empty. Normally a half full bladder would be nothing to Elma, but her not so little accident had weakened the flood gates to the point that another onslaught of raging water was inevitable.

“Do you want me to open that for you?” asked Kobayashi, snapping Elma out of her trance.

Not wanting to be rude, Elma replied, “Sure,” and handed the can over. Once the can was open, Elma quickly gulped it down. She could feel her bladder shriek in agony. Elma wanted to get up and make a mad dash for the toilet, but found herself too ashamed to admit that she still had to go especially after making such a big mess. Not wanting to think about it anymore, Elma slowly got to her feet and walked towards the bath.

Before Elma could get into the bath, Kobayashi asked, “Do you want me to wash your back for you?”

“Sure,” replied Elma as she sat on the stool. Less than a minute later, she could feel warm water running down her back, followed soon after by a soapy bath sponge. When Kobayashi was done, Elma returned the favor. As she rinsed Kobayashi’s back, Elma could feel her bladder muscles weakening. The moment she was done washing Kobayashi’s back, Elma quickly rushed over to the tub and plopped in. As she sat in the tub, she thought to herself “At least if my bladder gives out here, it won’t be a big deal.” Of course fate had other plans.

“Do you mind if I get in the bath with you?” asked Kobayashi a few minutes later. “My body’s kind of stiff and I could use a good soak.”

“Go ahead,” smiled Elma. However in her mind all she could think was “Don’t piss yourself. Don’t piss yourself. For the love all things good in this world do not piss yourself.”

“This bath water feels nice and warm,” said Kobayashi as she lowered herself in. Looking over at Elma, she noticed that the harmony dragon’s cheeks were bright red, and she was avoiding eye contact. The dragon girl also seemed to be fidgeting uncomfortably. After taking a couple of moments to try to figure out what was wrong, Kobayashi finally asked, “Elma, are you still upset about wetting yourself in the hallway.”

Elma nodded her head. “Of course I’m embarrassed,” she replied as tears formed in the corners of her eyes. By this point she couldn’t tell if the tears were from her shame and embarrassment, or from the pain emanating from her now swollen bladder. “Growing up I was always told that only babies and young children wet themselves. I am neither. I’m such a loser.”

“Elma you’re not a loser,” replied Kobayashi as she gave Elma a reassuring pat on the back. “Like I told you before, everybody has accidents every now and then. Even adults have them.”

“Have you wet yourself an adult?” sniffled Elma

“More times than I would like to say,” admitted Kobayashi. Part of her wished that she could stop the conversation there, but one look into Elma’s eyes told her that she needed to elaborate. Gulping down her last swig of beer, Kobayashi thought about how much she should reveal. “Back before Tohru came into my life, I used to go out drinking a lot with our coworker Takiya. There were nights where I came home so drunk that I would pass out on the couch or in my bed and wake up the next morning with a huge wet spot.”

“Did you ever have accidents when you were conscious?” asked Elma.

“A couple times when I was drunk and didn’t make it to the bathroom on time,” replied Kobayashi. Without thinking about it, she blurted “And those couple incidents happened only happened because I didn’t mistake something for a toilet.” The moment she said that, her face went beet red as she knew that Elma would want to know more.

“Does that mean you’ve peed places you shouldn’t have? Where?” asked the curious dragon.

“Lets see,” said Kobayashi as she racked her brain. “I’ve done it in the alley behind the bar that I frequent, in empty bottles, and one time in a beer can although all I succeeded in doing was making a mess. I’ve also peed in potted plants and trash cans. Hell, two weeks ago I came home so drunk that I dropped my pants and pissed in the kitchen sink.”

“Wow,” uttered Elma, now feeling a little bit better about her accident. Suddenly, the urge to pee hit her harder than before. It was in that instant she knew that even if she got out of the bath and dashed to the toilet, she would never make it. As she mulled over her options, she couldn’t help thinking how warm the water was. Then an idea hit her. With the bath water this warm, she thought that it would be highly unlikely that Kobayashi would notice if the water just so happened to get a little bit warmer.

Wanting to test her theory, Elma gave into her body’s urge and let out a small spurt of urine. She waited for Kobayashi to say something, but nothing happened. Elma let out a second squirt. Nothing. It wasn’t until the third squirt that something happened. Without warning, Kobayashi shot up out of the water. Elma knew she had been found out. She closed her eyes and waited for Kobayashi to yell at her. A few seconds past, but nothing happened.

Suddenly, the silence was broken with the words, “I need to pee.” Elma opened her eyes. The words had not come from her mouth. Turning her head, she saw that Kobayashi was now sitting on the edge of the tub with her legs hanging over the sides. Elma watched in shock as Kobayashi spread her legs and leaned back. Before the dragon knew what was happening, a small greenish yellow fountain spurted up from beneath Kobayashi. Elma watched as the stream crashed onto the tile floor before it was whisked away info a drain.

“Hey Elma,” said Kobayashi as she unleashed her waters on the bathroom floor, “why don’t you get up on the edge and piss with me?”

“But I don’t have to go,” lied the dragon.

“Of course you do,” replied Kobayashi. “Otherwise you wouldn’t be peeing in the bath.”

“How did you know?” asked an astonished Elma.

“Because you make me a weird face when you’re peeing. I noticed it when you soiled yourself earlier,” said Kobayashi. “Now get up here and have a pissing contest with me.”

Not wanting to make her mad, Elma slowly rose out of the bathwater and sat on the edge of the tub next to Kobayashi. Opening her legs just like Kobayashi did, Elma leaned back and allowed the dam to burst. “Is this okay?” asked the nervous dragon as she turned to face Kobayashi. It was at that moment that Elma noticed that Kobayashi’s face seemed kind of flushed like she was drunk. Of course Elma knew that Kobayashi wasn’t the type to get drunk off of just one beer. A split second later, she heard a rumbling sound and knew in an instant that Kobayashi hadn’t eaten anything. Just then Elma remembered something she had learned a while back about humans getting drunk easier on an empty stomach.

“Miss Kobayashi are you drunk?” asked the dragon.

“Course not,” laughed Kobayashi before hiccupping. “I’m just buzzed.” Kobayashi then looked down and saw that the stream coming out of Elma was thick, but had no distance. Instead it seemed to just create a dark yellow puddle on the bathroom tile. “How do you expect to beat me with a wimpy stream like that?” slurred Kobayashi. Before Elma could do anything. Kobayashi reached over with one hand and using her fingers spread Elma’s labia. In an instant Elma’s downward stream became a horizontal blast as piss sprayed almost four feet away.

“Now that’s how you do it,” laughed Kobayashi as she used her free hand to spread her own labia. While her stream didn’t shoot as far, it was equally as messy.

“Well at least this can’t get any worse,” Elma muttered to herself as she buried her face in her hands and she prayed for it to be over.

Suddenly the door to the bathroom swung open. “Miss Kobayashi, dinner’s ready,” called Tohru as she walked into the bathroom. Her jaw dropped at the sight of the two girls decorating the bathroom with their piss. About ten more seconds passed before both girls’ streams petered out into drops before ceasing altogether. “What the hell are you two doing!?” screamed the dragon maid.

“Miss Kobayashi got drunk and forced me to have a pissing contest with her,” whimpered Elma as she covered her crotch.

“I told you I’m just buzzed,” slurred Kobayashi. “Besides I don’t see why you’re complaining. You obviously won.” Kobayashi then stood up and began walking towards the door. “I’m going to get dressed. Can one of you clean this up?” And before either dragon could say anything more, Kobayashi stumbled out the door and closed it.

“DAMN IT!!!” screamed Tohru and she furiously stomped her foot on the ground. “Why does she never do that with me?” As Tohru was having her temper tantrum, Elma used the bath water to clean the piss droplets off her legs. Once she was done she got up and made her way over to the shower head. Just as she was about to turn it on, she felt a crushing grip on her shoulder. “And just what do you think you’re doing?” grunted Tohru.

“I was going to clean up the mess and…”

“Get out,” growled Tohru

“But I’m partially responsible for the mess so I should…”

“GET OUT!!!” roared Tohru. Elma did as she was told. Once Elma was gone, Tohru watched as the small pockets of urine drained away, leaving behind only a few droplets here and there. Unable to tell whose was whose, Tohru eventually used the shower head to wash the last of the evidence away. “I’ll make sure Elma pays for this,” said Tohru as she grinded her teeth. “When I’m done with her she’ll never come near this place again.” As thought after evil thought ran through her head, she began to cackle manically.

Suddenly she heard Kobayashi’s voice call out, “Tohru, where’s dinner?”

“Coming,” yelled Tohru as she prepared to go back to the kitchen where she would hatch the first of many diabolical plans to get back at Elma.

To be continued….

