Issei, Asia, and the Beach Bathroom Incident

Author: Char242

*000*2017-08-04 21:44

This is my second fanficition story. It takes place in the anime world of Highschool DXD. Hope you enjoy it.

It was a sunny summer day and the Occult Research Club was settling down on the beach for a day of fun in the sun. At the time the Occult Research Club consisted of six members. While it seemed like an ordinary club, in reality all members of the club were devils, five of them having been contracted to serve the head of the club, Rias Gremory, an heiress to one of the highest-ranking devil clans in the Underworld. The club members included Rias’s right-hand girl the playfully sadistic Akeno, the tiny but powerful Koneko, the princely swordsman Kiba, the innocently naïve former nun turned devil, Asia, and last but not least the perverted Issei whose lifelong dream is to become Harem King.

The Occult Research Club had been invited to a private beach owned by fellow devil and Student Council president Sona Sitri, heiress to the Sitri clan whom were also among one of the highest-ranking devil clans in the Underworld. The Student Council just like the Occult Research Club consisted entirely of devils. Both organizations were normally rivals but today the Student Council was letting the Occult Research Club use the beach as way of apologizing for going too far during a dodgeball game several weeks back.

As Issei and Kiba were setting up the towels, chairs, and beach umbrella, the girls of the Occult Research Club were putting on their bathing suits in the private cabana. Rias was wearing a dark pink bikini, Akeno had a sexy black bikini, and Koneko was wearing her school swimsuit. While they were getting dressed Rias noticed that Asia was holding two swimsuits, her school swimsuit and a white one-piece swimsuit. The look on Asia’s face told Rias that she was having a hard time deciding which to wear. “Why did you bring two swimsuits” asked Rias.

Asia looked up at her and said, “Well it’s just that when Issei sees you and Akeno in swimsuits he gets this fascinated look on his face, a look that he’s never given me when he sees me in my swimsuit. I know that my chest is not as big as the two of you nor am I as beautiful, but just once I want Issei to look at me the same way he looks at the two of you.”

Feeling sorry for Asia, Rias commented, “If you’re wondering which swimsuit would impress Issei more, I would go with the white one.”

Asia smiled at her friend’s advice and said “Okay then. The white one it is.” As soon as she finished getting dressed, the girls left the cabana to meet up with the boys.

As the girls approached the spot where the boys had set up their beach stuff Asia called out, “Hey Issei, what do you think of my new swimsuit?”

At the time Issei had his back turned to the girls and was drinking from a can of iced coffee. The moment he turned and saw Asia’s swimsuit he spat out the coffee that was in his mouth, nearly choking to death in the process. To his shock and amazement, Asia was not wearing her bland school swimsuit but a beautiful white one that hugged her body in just the right places regardless of the fact that she lacked the busty and curvy bodies that Akeno and Rias had. Issei’s mouth hung wide open as he couldn’t help but stare.

Asia became nervous as Issei stared at her in silence. Feeling self-conscious she turned back towards the cabana and said “I’m going to go change.” But as she took a few steps forward she felt a sudden tug on her arm and turned around to see it was Issei. His cheeks were bright red and he could not meet her gaze.

“Don’t do that,” said Issei. “I think you look beautiful just the way you are.” Asia’s face turned an even brighter shade of red than Issei’s as her legs gave out in shock from hearing those words. As her knees hit the sand, Issei bent down and grabbed Asia’s shoulders. “What’s wrong Asia? Are you feeling okay?” asked a worried Issei.

“I’m okay,” answered a blushing Asia. “It’s just that you’ve never told me that I looked beautiful before.”

“Alright already, that’s enough you two lovebirds,” said a clearly jealous Rias. She laid down on her stomach on the beach towel, gently untying her bikini strap. “Issei, would you mind oiling my back for me?” she asked.

Issei’s gaze shifted to the now topless Rias as he asked “Are you sure you want me to do that?” Rias looked up at him and nodded. “Yes!” screamed Issei excitedly as he grabbed the bottle of suntan lotion and prepared to apply it.

“Hold up a second Issei,” said Akeno who was now lying topless in the same position as Rias. “Could you apply oil on my back too?”

Suddenly Rias shot up not caring that Issei could now see everything and hissed angrily, “I asked him first. Stop trying to steal him from me.”

“I’m sorry Lady Rias,” replied Akeno with a playfully sadistic smile as she stood up, “but since you refuse to truly stake your claim on him I’m free to do as I please. After all, all’s fair in love and war.”

Akeno’s statement angered Rias to the point that a fight between the two soon broke out while all the others could do was watch. Asia hated the fact that Rias and Akeno could sink so low as to steal Issei’s attention away from her, but she was not about to get in between the two. Instead she decided to sit down on one of the towels and partake of the many cans of juice that was in the cooler.

While Akeno and Rias were busy fighting, Issei could feel blood dripping from his nose as a result of seeing the two girls’ bare chests. Not wanting to become an unnecessary casualty in their fight over him, Issei snuck off to the bathroom. The bathroom was a small shack not too far from where they had set their stuff. It was rather large but it housed only a single toilet. Feeling lightheaded from the nose bleed, Issei sat down on the toilet seat to collect his thoughts.

“If things keep going the way there going I could seriously die from a nose bleed,” laughed Issei. After taking a couple of moments to collect himself, he decided to head back. As he was getting ready to stand up he found himself unable to. “What the hell?” screamed Issei. He began struggling madly but soon realized that he was stuck to the toilet seat. Spreading his legs as best he could, Issei looked down at the toilet seat and to his horror realized that it had been cursed so that whoever sat on it would be stuck. It was at that point that he came to the conclusion that it must have been a prank by one of the Student Council members, none of whom were on the beach today. Too embarrassed to call for help, all Issei could do was sit there and wait for someone to find him.

Half an hour later Asia noticed that Issei had not comeback. She had noticed him leave when Akeno and Rias had started fighting but decided not to say anything. During the time Issei had been gone, Asia had guzzled down five 8oz cans of juice and now she was regretting that decision. She could feel her bladder screaming for the bathroom. Standing up carefully so that she would not leak, she walked over to Rias and Akeno who had finally calmed down and asked where the restroom was. After getting directions from Rias, Asia hobbled her way to the bathroom, all the while praying that she would make it in time.

As she arrived at the shack she noticed that the door was closed. Not wanting to be rude, she knocked on the door with one hand while desperately holding her crotch with the other. She then heard a familiar voice say “Sorry, this bathroom’s occupied.”

Recognizing the voice as Issei’s, Asia said “Hey Issei, it’s Asia. Do you know how much longer you’re going to be in there? I really have to go.” There was no answer. Realizing that she would not be able to hold on much longer, she said “Issei If you won’t answer me then I’m coming in.”

As soon as Issei heard Asia’s declaration he cried out in embarrassment “Please don’t come in here.” Concerned after hearing the desperation in his voice, Asia ignored his plea, and entered the bathroom. What she saw shocked her. Issei was on the toilet obviously not using it and his face was flushed with embarrassment.

“If you’re not using the toilet could you please get up,” cried Asia. “I can’t hold it much longer.”

“I would love to,” said Issei, “however I seem to be stuck.”

“What do you mean you’re stuck?” cried Asia in desperation.

“I mean I’m stuck,” replied Issei. “One of those jerks in the Student Council apparently decided it would be funny to place a spell on the toilet so that whoever sat on it would be stuck and it looks like I’m the unlucky victim. Do you think you could help me get loose?”

Seeing no other option, Asia grabbed hold of Issei’s arms and began pulling with all her might. As she took a step backwards she suddenly lost her balance and fell on the floor. The moment she hit the floor, she felt something slightly wet in the front of her swimsuit. She looked down at her white swimsuit only to realize that the once white crotch of the suit was now stained yellow. “Oh no!” cried Asia, tears streaming down her face.

Realizing the situation that was unfolding in front of him Issei quickly said, “Asia, if you need to go so bad you can try sitting on my lap and using the toilet that way.”

Asia looked at Issei as she began removing her now soiled swimsuit and said, “I guess I don’t have a choice. Could you please try not to look?” Issei nodded his head as a now naked Asia straddled his lap as she faced him. Asia then proceeded to toss her arms around Issei to better her balance. She moved close to his ear and whispered, “I’m so sorry.”

With that, the flood gates opened and a waterfall came crashing down from in between her legs. The previous silence of the bathroom was shattered by the sound of water hitting water. Issei could feel Asia’s body quivering in a mixture of shame and relief. Suddenly he felt a wetness on the crotch of his swim trunks and realized that not all of Asia’s stream was making it in the toilet. Asia realized it to as she began sobbing once more. “I’m so so sorry,” she cried. “Here you are trying to help me and in return I end up peeing on you.”

Before she could say anything more Issei wrapped his arms around her and said, “Don’t apologize for something that is out of your control. I don’t mind getting a little wet if it means that you don’t have to deal with the pain of a full bladder. Don’t worry about peeing on me, just do what you gotta do.” Issei’s kind words soothed Asia as she sat there and let it flow. Their ordeal lasted about three minutes.

The moment Asia finished, the bathroom door was thrown open and an angry Rias yelled “What the hell do you think you two are doing?” Rias’s hands were glowing a reddish black as she prepared to hit Issei with a blast of magic. As Issei closed his eyes and mentally prepared himself for the blow, Asia stood up and blocked Rias’s line of sight. She then explained to Rias everything that had happened and how Issei had helped her, all the while leaving out the part about peeing on him. Rias’s anger faded away into concern for Issei once she heard he was stuck to the seat. “Don’t worry Issei, we’ll get you unstuck.” She then turned to Asia and said, “And I will be sure to get your other suit,” and with that Rias left to go get help.

A few minutes later Rias came back with Asia’s other swimsuit and the rest of the gang in tow. She told Kiba and Akeno to wait outside the bathroom to act as guards while she reentered the bathroom with Koneko behind her. Koneko took one look at Issei and stated in her usual emotionless voice “Let me get this straight, the pervert managed to get himself stuck to the toilet seat and now you want me to pull him off?”

“That’s the gist of it,” replied Rias as she handed Asia a clean swimsuit to change into.

As Koneko moved towards Issei she noticed that the front of Issei’s pants were soaked. “What happened to you?” she asked coldly.

Out of consideration for Asia’s feelings, Issei blurted out, “I was sitting here so long that I guess I must have lost control of my bladder.” As he said that he saw a disgusted look in Koneko’s eyes, but that was nothing compared to the look that Rias gave him. Feeling a sense of shame and embarrassment, it took everything he had not to cry.

“I always knew that you were a gigantic pervert, but now you’re a pants wetter too. You disgust me,” said Koneko cruelly. Normally her cruel words weren’t enough to affect him but given the day he’d had Issei couldn’t stop the flow of tears. “Oh quit your damn crying,” said Koneko. “Brace yourself, this may hurt a bit.”

“Wait a second!” screamed Issei, but before Issei could brace himself, Koneko grabbed his arms and pulled with all of her devil strength. Issei let out a blood curdling scream as he was violently pulled from the seat. The next thing he knew he was on the ground and his ass was pounding. Suddenly the sound of girlish screams filled the room. Issei turned his head slightly only to realize that Koneko was the one who had screamed and watched in horror as she ran out of the bathroom holding her mouth as though she were about to vomit. In all his time with the Occult Research Club not once had he ever seen her react like that so he knew something went horribly wrong. As he began to turn his head to look behind him his head was suddenly yanked forward into Rias’s ample breasts.

Holding Issei’s head tight against her chest Rias yelled, “You don’t want to look.” Suddenly the door was thrown open and Kiba and Akeno looked on in horror as they saw Issei on the floor with Rias doing her best to block Issei’s line of sight while Asia was using her powers to heal what was left of Issei’s ass.

“Oh my!” exclaimed Akeno

“I’ve seen a lot of horrible things on the battlefield but a mauled ass is a new one,” exclaimed Kiba.

“Just kill me now,” said Issei as he passed out from the pain.

And thus, their seaside vacation ended. In the end, Asia was able to fix up Issei so that he was as good as new. Of course, neither of them told a soul of what really happened to the front of Issei’s pants because there are some things that are best kept secret. However, the bonding moment they shared in the bathroom that day was one that neither wanted to nor would they ever forget.

