Valerie's Aquarium Accident

Author: Calb

*000*2023-03-07 17:31

Valerie barely understood how her bladder could be so full. She couldn’t remember the time when her bladder was distended to the point where her whole organism would howl for relief. Val shivered at the realization that relief might come in the form of her wetting herself in the elevator. Val’s heart began to thump so hard it almost broke through the envelope she was holding against her chest.

The poor young woman tried to remain calm, but her eyes were strained and worried. The discomfort of her tight jeans against her bloated bladder, the awful burning feeling in her tired sphincter – everything circled around the most terrible sensation of wanting to use the bathroom. The very thought that she might not be able to hold it frightened Valerie almost enough for her to start peeing herself right there and then.

Gritting her teeth, Valerie fought off the next wave heroically. She adjusted her long chestnut hair and straightened up, trying to behave casually. She couldn't possibly allow herself to have an accident in front of the two people standing in front of her. Luckily, the conversation between them was vivid enough and Valerie's problems have gone unnoticed so far.

- Great, there is enough power for me to see your face, otherwise I wouldn’t notice it was you. And we would not see each other for another 10 years, - said an old man and laughed heartily.

- Yes, enough power to light up your mug, too, but not enough to get this thing moving. I’m afraid I’m stuck here with you, old fart, - said a short elderly woman with a joyful booming voice, that was a bit too much for the small metal tin can.

Valerie was sweating profusely. She felt her grey tank top absorb sweat, a drop of it fell from her forehead on her unbuttoned white shirt. Her legs encased in black jeans also felt wetter than usual. Her bladder was terrorizing her more and more. She felt a sting, then another, then another with shorter and shorter intervals between jolts of pain. She was about to piss herself, and began to shiver from the thought. Val could almost feel the metal walls pushing on her, as her lower abdomen started to pulsate nervously and she had to fight the urge again... Dizzy and out of breath, Valerie bit her lip in desperation and kept clenching her muscles defiantly. She forced those panicky thoughts out of her head, bending forward slightly hoping that the slight moistness of her underwear was only sweat. She was not about to give up despite of all pain. She had to stay strong.

In the beginning of this misadventure, Val’s bladder was too full for her to ignore the fullness, but after several hours inside the elevator, it felt like her bladder was swollen, like it would burst at the seams, despite her forcing her exhausted pee-hole to work overtime. And all that because she had postponed relieving herself, sitting in the office, before grabbing documents from the courier on the ground floor. She remembered having walked past the restroom before taking the elevator down as she'd promised herself to go there right after she came back. That was before she got stuck in the elevator on her way up, before the torture has started…

- Are you OK, honey? - suddenly asked the old man, yanking Valerie out of her thoughts.

A sharp spasm overtook her body, as she trembled, unable to hide panic on her face any more. She gasped for air, almost losing herself to panic. She was barely able to feel the muscles between her legs and was terrified that she could be having an accident right then. Val looked down at her pants and saw that she’d won this battle, but a few more battles like this and the next one would be a catastrophe.

- Oh, no, no... I mean, yes, I just feel a bit dizzy, - she mumbled in response, straining her face muscles attempting to smile politely.

Her legs betrayed her and started shaking, her eyes turned into saucers, as Valerie stared at the old woman, wanting to cry for help.

- Yep, we’re all starting to get dizzy, - said the old man, - wiping sweat off his forehead with a handkerchief.

“Yes, but your bladder is not about to explode in your pants”, - Valerie wanted to say, but the next wave of pain attacking her pee hole made her bite her tongue. Valerie didn’t have enough energy to pretend she was okay. She just stared emptily at the wall, crossing her legs, shaking, praying that the elevator would start moving soon.

- I’m getting dizzy at how much of an old fool you are, Albert, can’t you see that the poor girl needs help… Honey, are you okay? What’s wrong? - the old woman said, putting her warm arm on Valerie’s shoulder.

- I… I need to pee. I just need to pee really badly, - she said softly her voice trailing off into a teary abyss.

- Oh, I see. Don’t worry, sweetie. I’m sure this nightmare is about to end… There must be limits even to their incompetence…

Valerie nodded dejectedly. Despite the pulsating agony her bladder was putting her through, Valerie felt better, or maybe the woman’s voice was too convincing. Suddenly, the elevator moved, and Valerie breathed out loudly, clenching her exhausted muscles, twisting herself in knots, but not losing hope.

- See, what did I tell you? - said the woman.

The pressure inside Valerie’s agonizing bladder felt insurmountable, the pain became so acute that Val’s pee hole relented and let out and a sharp spurt of urine into her underwear. After two seconds she stopped peeing her panties, but her poor bladder still throbbed terribly making Val shake with all her body, and squint from the pain. At the age of 25 she’s just wet her underwear and her whole organism wanted her to continue. The grimace of panic appeared on her face, she felt like she was losing control over her body, and it could turn into a catastrophe in a heartbeat.

The two people had to get off two floors below Val’s office and she was happy they didn’t have to see her running to the bathroom, but still aghast with the perspective of tensing her poor muscles for two more floors. As the elevator door closed behind them, Valery started to cry. She couldn't hold it and peed out a steady five-second stream into her panties and only then managed to regain control. Her underwear was disgustingly wet now, and a small wet patch shone on her jeans. Val’s face became red at the realization that she cannot quite prevent herself from wetting herself anymore. Tears watered her eyes - she was on the verge of a wetting accident, standing there, desperately trying to hold the rest of it in. Her muscles barely even ached, they were steadily going numb…

“No, no, no!” – she shouted at the metal walls.

She couldn’t allow herself to piss her jeans in front of her future employers. She hit the 8 floor button immediately when she realized that she cannot show up like that in front of people she knew - with teary eyes and a wet patch on her jeans. She wasn’t sure she could prevent teh catastrophe.

The elevator dinged quietly, and she dashed out onto the floor right below her office where she had no business being. She ran straight down the corridor to the left having no idea where she was going, but the pain in her bladder was overwhelming and gave the girl no choice. As Val was running, she was kicking her bladder like a soccer ball, and it was just as taught, too. She ran to a waiting area in front of sombody's office - with a large sofa, an empty reception desk and a huge aquarium by the far wall. In the center of the space there lied an old cozy-looking ornamental carpet. Valery stopped in the middle of it. her heart skipped a beat when she heard voices behind her back.

- No, no, please, God, I can’t, I can’t pee now, - Valery mumbled realizing she had minutes if not seconds, before her tortured womanhood would drown in urine.

She had no choice, she understood. She could run anywhere from here, certainly not inside the office that was closed most likely... Valerie noticed there was space behind the aquarium and dashed towards it, dripping slightly over the carpet. She had no idea the how much space there was really, but had to take the chance. The slightly drunk joyful voices were growing stronger, and Valerie managed to squeeze herself between the wall and the aquarium in time and ducked, moaning from pain in her poor bladder, now forced to listen to the bubbling water.

She was standing on her knees to stay hidden and was about to burst. The poor young woman kept fighting the urge somehow, although her engorged muscles were about to give up on her. She moaned softly at another huge stream watering her thigh, dripping on the floor. She knew there was no hope of reaching bathroom in time. She would be fine at this point with just pissing her pants, but the voices were so close, Valerie understood that the people were standing on the carpet and might hear her...

- Oh, look, looks like a DHL package… Somebody dropped it…

- Yep, these couriers getting sloppier by day, I’m telling you.

Men and women on the other side of aquarium laughed and continued talking. Valerie realized there was no way out and slowely breatehd out, allowing her body to wet her jeans completely. Valerie was gasping for air, trying to to faint, her heart was thumping so loudly, the fish in the aquarium could hear it. Valery closed her mouth with her hand not to let any sound out. She relaxed her muscles and was shocked instantly by the amount of pee flooding her pants. For ten long seconds the urine was flooding her tight jeans, she could feel wetness spreading all over her butt and her right thigh, slowly seeping towards the tiled floor. There was now a small yellow puddle beneath Valerie’s right knee, and her pants were saturated. Val's panties were no obstacle to that amount of liquid, too, but the stream stopped. The people were still standing there talking.

Red with embarrassment, she managed to prevent herself from wailing, as her pained pee-hole opened uo again. She was sitting quite low, her butt was touching her heels, and she could feel her white socks starting to get wet. Her jeans darkened as she urinated a couple of seconds all over her glistening crotch. With shaky hands, she carefully unzipped her jeans and saw how awfully drenched her grey panties were. Barely managing to hold off her tears, she remembered about kleenex in her pocket - not that it would help so much - and a few seconds later placed it over the erupting fountain of yellow piss. The hissing was terribly loud, she thought, but people didn’t seem to notice because of the noise the aquarium was making. Her valve broke, her urine was rapidly flooding her jeans and the floor. She saw a dumb-looking fish starting at her and sighed louder than she wanted, maybe too loudly.

Holding her mouth with her hand tightly again, Valerie was fdrenching her jeans and the tiled floor like there was no tomorrow. Her jeans quickly became sopping wet, she watched helplessly as her pee flowed onto the floor, licking her thighs. Jittering, she was wetting herself uncontrollably as her body went limp. Hot urine was jetting out of her urethra, Val was emptying her poor distended bladder into her panties and jeans. She prayed that the people stay slightly boozed and obliovios to her accident. She was spraying yellow liquid all over the floor, flooding her sneakers. The puddle between her feet was growing fast, her tight jeans were darkening even faster. It felt like gallons of piss were streaming between her knees, making her sopping wet. She looked at her poor grey panties – the wet patch was so huge it touched the upper border. Her blouse was also touching the puddle before Val peicked it up.

- Okay, time to get back. I’ll call you and Uber, - said a loud male voice.

- Yeah, somebody should call the maintenance, the aquarium is leaking again and ruining the carpet, - said a young woman.

- Crap… Okay.

Valerie waited for a long time to come out from behind the cover. She stepped away from the wet patch on the carpet and slumped down into the sofa. Her mind went blank. Her bladder was empty. Her jeans were soaked.

She felt happy.

