Fruits Basket: Tohru's Urinary Troubles

Author: Char242

*000*2018-12-29 09:20

It was a night like any other in the Sohma Houshold as Tohru Honda was preparing dinner. She was humming a cheerful tune as she stirred the large pot of beef and vegetable stew. As she sampled the stew, she couldn’t stop thinking how strange it was that up until a few months ago, she had been living in a tent out in the woods. It had been not long after Tohru started high school that she had lost her mother in a horrible accident. Since her father had passed away while she was still young, she had moved in with her paternal grandfather. However, due to his house needing renovations, she had to temporarily find another place to stay. When her grandfather had asked if she had a place where she could stay a little while until the repairs were done, she had lied to him and said that she had some friends she could stay with.

While it was true that she had two friends who would be more than willing to take her in for a little while, she decided not to tell them about her situation so as not to be a burden on anyone. Instead she had bought herself a tent and moved into the nearby woods just outside of town. What she hadn’t known at the time was that the woods belonged to the Sohma family, one of whom happened to be her classmate and school’s “prince”, Yuki Sohma. After finding out about her situation, he and his relative Shigure Sohma convinced Tohru to stay with them. However, she told them that she would only do it if she could earn her room and board through housework. Not long after that, she became a permanent resident at Shigure’s house and every day since then had been a blessing.

Satisfied that the stew was now done, Tohru reached down to turn off the stove. As she did, she felt a stabbing pain in her lower side. It came on so suddenly that she fell to her knees. Clutching her side, she began to take some deep breaths. A couple minutes later, the pain seemed to subside enough that she could stand up again. This wasn’t the first time she had felt that sharp pain. In fact, she had been feeling it on off for the last couple of days, although this time it had hurt a little more than the times before. Shaking it off, Tohru set about making the last of the dinner preparations.

###

While Tohru was cooking in the kitchen, Yuki and Shigure were sitting at the table in the living room. Yuki was watching a variety show on the T.V., while Shigure was busy reading the newspaper. “It smells like dinner’s almost ready,” mentioned Shigure, looking up from his newspaper as the wonderful scent of Tohru’s home cooking wafted into the living room. “It sure is great having her around. I was honestly scared that we were going to be stuck living off take-out and your burned cooking for the rest of our lives.”

“It’s not like you could do much better,” retorted Yuki. Although in truth, he was grateful to be able to eat meals that didn’t come from a take-out restaurant and were actually edible.

Looking around, Shigure asked, “Where’s Kyo? I thought he’d be back by now.”

“Who cares about that stupid cat?” grunted Yuki. “If it were up to me, I’d let him starve.” Suddenly the sliding door flew open. It was Kyo, and he seemed pissed.

“Who the hell you callin’ stupid, you damn rat?” screamed Kyo.

“Do you always have to be so noisy,” questioned Yuki without looking at Kyo. “Honestly you’re annoying. Why don’t you just go sleep on the roof or something like the lowly cat you are?”

“That’s it!” yelled Kyo as he walked over to Yuki and yanked him to his feet by the collar of his shirt. “Today’s the day I’m going to beat your sissy ass, rat boy.” Yuki merely smirked at him. Then before Kyo could react, Yuki grabbed his arm and threw him across the room and into the sliding door. The shoji door, ripped and splintered as Kyo crashed through it.

“Why does everybody want to destroy my house?” sighed Shigure as he looked at his broken door. He had just finished fixing it after Kyo and Yuki’s little sparing match earlier that morning.

“He started it,” said Yuki as he adjusted his shirt. “I was just putting that stupid cat in his place is all.”

“Damn rat,” muttered Kyo as he slowly sat up. No matter how many times he challenged Yuki, it always ended the same. “One of these days I’m going to beat you and earn my place in this family.”

“Just keep thinking that,” smirked Yuki. Before Kyo could say anything anymore, Torhu walked into the room with a pot and four bowls in her hands.

“Dinner’s ready,” she smiled as she set the pot and bowls down on the table. As she looked up, she saw the smashed remnants of the door. “Oh my, what happened to the door?”

“Kyo and Yuki were rough housing again,” replied Shigure as he leaned over and took the lid off the pot of stew. “This smells great Tohru.”

“It sure does,” agreed Yuki as he sat back down. “Everything you make always tastes amazing.”

“Thanks,” blushed Tohru as she began pouring the stew into the bowls. She then passed Yuki and Shigure a bowl of stew. As the two began eating, Tohru turned her attention to Kyo who was still off sulking in the corner. “Hey Kyo, come eat before it gets cold,” she smiled.

“Fine,” grumbled Kyo as he walked over to the table and sat down. Tohru placed a bowl of stew in front of him. As he looked down at the stew, he asked, “You didn’t put any leeks in here, did you?”

“Of course not,” answered Tohru. “I know that you don’t like them.” Just as she was getting ready to head back to her seat, she felt another shot of pain in her side. Clutching her side, she lost her balance and fell sideways into Kyo’s arms. Suddenly a poof of orange smoke filled the room. As it cleared, there was an orange cat and a pile of clothes sitting in the place where Kyo had been just a few seconds earlier. “I’m so sorry!” she cried as she looked at the cat.

“Damn it!” shouted the cat in Kyo’s voice. “Be more careful next time.” As Tohru stared at Kyo’s cat form, she still found it amazing. In truth, the Sohma family had a huge secret. Twelve of the Sohma clan were cursed to become a different member of the Chinese Zodiac anytime they were hugged by a member of the opposite sex or their bodies were exposed to extreme stress. While not technically a part of the Zodiac, Kyo would turn into a cat when hugged by a girl. Yuki and Shigure on the other hand were members of the Zodiac. Shigure was the dog and Yuki was the rat. Very few people outside of the Zodiac knew of the Sohma’s curse. Tohru was lucky to be one of them, although she had learned the secret by complete accident. While most people who found out about the secret had their memories erased, the head of the Sohma clan, Akito, had allowed Tohru to keep her memories so long as she could keep the Sohma family’s secret.

“Miss Honda, are you alright,” asked Yuki, a look of concern etched across his face.

“I’m okay,” lied Tohru as she tried to smile.

“Are you sure?” asked Shigure. “You look like you’re in pain. Do you need to see a doctor or something?”

“There’s no need for that,” said Tohru.

“Then why are you holding your side like that?” grunted Kyo. He could tell Tohru was hiding something, he just didn’t know what.

“I guess my side does hurt a little,” she responded as casually as she could. “I must have either slept wrong or pulled a muscle while I was cleaning. It’s no big deal really. I should be fine in a couple of days.”

“If you say so,” replied Kyo as he continued to stare at her. He just couldn’t shake the feeling that something wasn’t right, but he didn’t want to make her uncomfortable by prying too much either.

Wanting to change the subject, Shigure said, “Oh, that reminds me. Kyo and Tohru, both Yuki and I have to go to the Main House tomorrow and we won’t be back until late tomorrow evening.”

“Why’s that?” asked Tohru.

“Because Akito wants to spend some time with us,” sighed Yuki. “He’s still upset at me for skipping out on the New Year’s Banquet and as punishment I have to spend the day with him.”

“And why is Shigure going?” questioned Kyo, partially angry that he hadn’t been asked to go to as he had skipped out on the New Year’s get together as well. Although in truth, he was also sort of relieved as he always felt a bit uncomfortable being around Akito.

“I have to go because I didn’t do a thing to stop Yuki from staying home,” answered Shigure. Then with a mischievous smile on his face, Shigure said, “And Kyo, just because Yuki and I will be gone doesn’t mean you can do anything you want with Tohru.”

“What the hell are you talking about?” screamed an embarrassed Kyo. Just then, the room was engulfed by another plume of smoke as Kyo turned back into his human form. Of course, the biggest downside to reverting back to human form was being naked. Luckily for him, Tohru turned her back to him before she could see anything. Kyo quickly threw his clothes back on. He then got up and began walking to the door.

“Hey Kyo, where are you going?” called Shigure in a playful tone.

“For a walk,” grunted Kyo.

“But you hardly ate anything,” commented Tohru. “Is everything alright?”

“I think Kyo’s just embarrassed,” laughed Shigure.

“Well I don’t think there’s anything to be embarrassed about,” replied Tohru, not really understanding what Shigure meant. Turning her attention back to Kyo, she said, “Kyo, please come back and eat.”

“No way!” screamed Kyo, his little outburst shocking Tohru.

“Was the food really that bad?” she asked in the trembling tone she usually had when Kyo yelled at her.

“It’s not that,” said Kyo as he placed a hand on the back of his neck and looked away. “I’m just not hungry is all.” Unfortunately, it was at that moment that his stomach betrayed him.

“Sounds like your stomach begs to differ,” smirked Yuki.

“Ah forget it!” screamed Kyo as he took off.

“Shouldn’t we go after him?” asked Tohru.

“There’s no need,” replied Shigure. “He’ll come back when he’s ready.”

“Okay,” relented Tohru as she walked back to her seat and poured herself a bowl. As they ate dinner, she could feel the pain in her side slowly getting worse.

###

After finishing dinner, Tohru set about cleaning up. All the while, the pain in her side persisted. By the time she was done cleaning, all she wanted to do was get ready for bed. She proceeded to make her way to her bedroom upstairs where she quickly changed into her pajamas. Tohru was just about ready to lay down when the urge to pee hit her. She quickly made her way out of the bedroom, down the hallway, and into the second-floor bathroom. Locking the door behind her, she walked over to the squat toilet and pulled down her pajama bottoms and panties. There was another burst of pain in her side as she slowly squatted down over the toilet. Tohru squatted for several minutes, but nothing seemed to happen and she couldn’t understand why.

She knew she had to pee, but no matter how hard she pushed, nothing seemed to want to come out. Just as she was about ready to give up and pull up her pants, she felt a small trickle come out and with it a burning pain. “Owww,” she moaned. Looking down, she noticed that the water in the toilet was a brownish yellow with little bits of red in it. At first she freaked out, but then she reminded herself that she had eaten beets at lunch and that the red color could be coming from that. She managed to pee for about fifteen more seconds before her weak stream ceased. As she continued to squat, Tohru couldn’t help feeling like she still had to pee more, but nothing else came out. Suddenly she heard a knock on the door.

“Hey Tohru, is everything okay in there? You’ve been in there for almost ten minutes,” said a voice on the other side of the door. It was Kyo. He had returned not long after dinner and she had passed him just as she was heading for the bathroom.

“Everything’s fine,” she responded.

“Do you think you’ll be out soon? Shigure is in the bathroom down stairs and I think he’s going to be in there for a while and I really need to go.”

“I’ll be out in just a second,” she called back. Realizing that nothing more was going to come out, she grabbed some toilet paper, wiped, and flushed. She then stood up, pulled up her pants, and exited the bathroom. As she walked into the hallway, she noticed that Kyo was staring at her with a look of deep concern. “What’s wrong?”

“Are you sure you’re okay?” he asked. “Your face is covered in sweat.” Tohru placed her hand to her forehead and sure enough it was wet. It had likely been from her straining to pee.

“I’m just a little hot is all,” lied Tohru. “There’s nothing to worry about.” Wanting to get away from Kyo before he began asking more questions, she said, “Well, I’m feeling kind of tired so I think I’ll go to bed. Good night and sweet dreams.” And with that she walked back to her bedroom. The moment she was inside, she closed the door, turned off the light and flopped onto the bed. Try as she might, she would not get much sleep that night as the pain would come and go. She only hoped that she would feel better in the morning. Little did she know that things were about to get worse before they got better.

###

It was nine o’clock the next morning and neither Tohru nor Kyo had school that day. As Kyo made his way down into the living room, he was surprised to see that it was empty. Tohru was usually up by now and serving breakfast. Starting to get a little concerned, Kyo walked into the kitchen. It was empty too. “What the hell is going on?” he muttered to himself as he walked back into the living room. As he entered the room, he saw Tohru stumble into the room. Her cheeks were flushed, she had bags under her eyes, and her face was sweaty. She was still in her pajamas.

“Oh, good morning Kyo,” she said weakly. “I’m sorry I overslept. I’ll get breakfast prepared right away.” She was a few feet away from him when she began to feel dizzy and her vision began to blur. Her body began to sway uncontrollably.

“Are you feeling okay,” asked Kyo as he took a step towards her.

“I don’t think so,” replied Tohru. Suddenly she fell forward. Kyo dove towards her and managed to break her fall, however he turned into a cat in the process. As he squeezed himself out from underneath her, he moved towards her face and noticed her eyes were closed.

“Hey Tohru,” called Kyo. But there was no response. “Tohru,” he repeated. Again, there was no response. Starting to get extremely worried, he placed a paw on her forehead. He quickly yanked it back. “You’re burning up,” he said. Still nothing. It was then that he realized that Tohru was unconscious. In a panic, Kyo ran towards the phone. Jumping on the desk, he managed to knock the receiver off its hook. He then carefully punched in a phone number. It took three tries to punch the right numbers with his furry paws. Kyo breathed a sigh of relief as he heard a ringing tone.

“Hello,” answered a stern voice on the other line.

“Hatori, it’s Kyo. You need to get over here right now,” cried Kyo, his voice full of panic and fear.

“Can this wait?” asked Hatori. “I’m rather busy right now.”

“It’s Tohru,” said Kyo.

“What about Tohru.”

“She just passed out in the living room and she won’t wake up.”

“Then call a hospital,” replied Hatori. “You know that I only treat Sohmas.”

“I can’t!” yelled Kyo, his fear turning into anger. “I’m in my cat form right now. I just barely managed to call you. How the hell am I supposed to explain this to the paramedics?”

There was a long pause before Hatori said, “Fine, I’ll be over in a few minutes. Just keep an eye on her until then.” And with that, the call ended. Kyo jumped off the desk and ran back to Torhu who was now painfully moaning in her sleep.

As he laid down next to her, he whispered, “Hatori’s on his way. You’re going to be just fine. Just hold on for a little bit longer.”

###

About fifteen minutes later, Kyo heard footsteps at the front entrance. “We’re in here,” he shouted. Not long after that, Hatori entered the room, medical bag in hand. By this time, Kyo had returned to human form and Tohru was just starting to wake up.

“Hatori, what are you doing here?” she asked sleepily.

“Kyo called me,” he answered. “He said you just suddenly passed out and wouldn’t wake up. Do you think you can sit up for me?”

“I’ll try,” she said as she slowly sat up. Hatori placed his hand to her forehead.

“You’ve got a fever,” stated Hatori. He then reached into his bag and pulled out his stethoscope. “I’m going to need you to take off your shirt so I can listen to your heart and lungs. Tohru seemed to hesitate. “Don’t worry, I’m a doctor. I’ve seen a female body before.” He then turned towards Kyo and asked him to turn around. Once Kyo’s back was to her, Tohru slowly unbuttoned and removed her shirt. Hatori placed the stethoscope against her chest and listened to her heart and lungs. “Are you feeling any pain anywhere?”

“I have a sharp pain in my left side that seems to come and go.”

“How long have you had it?”

“A couple days.”

“I see,” responded Hatori as he put the stethoscope back in its bag. He then returned his attention to Tohru. “Now I’m going to feel along your left side and I want to tell me where it feels tender.” Hatori moved his hand up and down along Tohru’s left side. He applied light pressure along various parts of her side and asked if she felt any pain.

“OWW!” screamed Tohru as Hatori squeezed a spot on her lower left side towards her back.

“That’s enough of that,” said Hatori as he moved his hand away. “Now I’m just going to need to feel around your bladder.” He slowly grabbed the elastic part of Tohru’s pajama bottoms and pulled it towards him. Hatori then placed one hand down Tohru’s pants and began feeling around Tohru’s bladder. His cold hand caused her to flinch a little. After about a minute or so of proding, Hatori removed his hand from Tohru’s pants and had her put her shirt back on. “I just have a couple more things to ask you.”

“I’ll do my best to answer,” she responded.

With his tone as cold and stern as it could be, Hatori asked, “When was the last time you urinated?”

“What?” stuttered Tohru, her face beet red. Before she could say anything more, Kyo rushed over and dragged Hatori to his feet.

“What kind of question is that, you sick freak?” shouted Kyo.

Unflinching, Hatori stated, “Her bladder is swollen. I need to know the answer so that I can diagnose her properly.” He then turned to Tohru and repeated his question, “When was the last time you urinated?”

“Probably about eight o’clock last night,” muttered Tohru.

“And did you have any problems or notice anything strange when you urinated?” asked Hatori.

“It took me a while to start peeing and when I did, the stream was weak, and it burned a bit. Also it felt like I couldn’t completely empty my bladder”

“Was you’re urine red?”

“A little,” admitted Tohru.

“Do you know what’s wrong with her?” questioned Hatori.

“Based on the symptoms, it sounds to me like she has a blockage in her urinary tract, most likely a kidney stone.”

“How do we treat it?” asked Kyo.

“Usually the stone will pass on its own, however in more severe cases surgery is required. Since she is still able to urinate, I think that the stone will find its way out without surgery. However, I would suggest that she drink plenty of pomegranate juice to help the stone pass a little easier.”

“What about her fever?”

“Give her this,” replied Hatori as he reached into his bag and pulled out a small pouch with a white powder inside and handed it to Kyo. “Mix a little bit of it in with the pomegranate juice and have her drink it. Do this every four hours or so.” Hatori then began digging through his bag again and pulled out a small bottle with pills. “This is a pain reliever. Have her take one of these capsules every six hours as needed for the pain.” He then grabbed his bag, stood up, and began making his way towards the door.

“Where are you going?” shouted Kyo as he followed him. “You can’t just leave us like this.”

“I have other patients that I need to take care of,” declared Hatori. “You’ll be fine. However, please call if you have any questions or if she gets worse.” And with that, Hatori left.

“What am I supposed to do now?” he muttered to himself. As he turned around, he saw Torhu was standing several feet behind him. She had a worried look on her face.

“Is everything alright?”

“Yeah,” he responded. Kyo knew that him panicking wouldn’t help the situation. He walked over to her and said, “Go back to living room. I’ll bring you a futon and some pomegranate juice.”

“Ok,” nodded Tohru. She turned and walked back towards the living room. Suddenly she turned around and called out, “Kyo?”

“Yeah?”

“Thanks for taking care of me.” Her words made Kyo blush.

“Yeah, yeah, just go lay down already,” replied Kyo as he went to fetch the futon and juice.

###

A couple hours later Tohru was fast asleep in the futon. Kyo had given her the powder to relieve her fever and one of the pain relievers. He had also had her drink two eight-ounce glasses worth of pomegranate juice. As Tohru slept, Kyo never left her side. That was until the phone rang around noon. Kyo quietly stood up and tiptoed over to the phone. “Hello,” he answered.

“Kyo, it’s Hatori. I’m just calling to check in on Tohru. How is she doing?”

“She’s sleeping right now,” replied Kyo. “Also her fever seems to have gone down.”

“That’s good to hear,” commented Hatori. “Has she urinated since I left?”

“Not yet.”

“How much have you given her to drink?”

“About two eight-ounce glasses of juice.”

“I see,” said Hatori. He paused for a moment. “Kyo I want you to listen carefully to me. If Tohru doesn’t urinate in the next hour or so, I want you to call me right away.”

“Why?”

“Because the longer she goes without urinating, the higher the risk she’ll have of developing a a urinary tract infection or kidney damage. That said, if she doesn’t urinate within one hour, we may have to consider more drastic measures to remove the stone.”

There was a long pause before Kyo finally said, “I understand.” Kyo was just getting ready to hang up the phone when he heard a bloodcurdling scream coming from the living room.

“What was that?” asked Hatori.

“It’s Torhu! Hold on a second while I go check on her,” shouted Kyo as he dropped the phone and ran to the living room. When he got there, he saw that she had rolled out of her futon. Torhu had her hands pressed tightly to her crotch and tears were running down her eyes. Kyo immedietly plopped down next to her. “Tohru, tell me what’s happening.”

“It hurts!” she sobbed as she clenched her crotch tighter. “It really hurts!”

“Let me see,” said Kyo as he gently grabbed her hands and moved them out of the way. The crotch of Torhu’s pajama bottoms had a large dark spot in the middle. He gently placed his fingers on the dark spot. It was wet. “Shit!” screamed Kyo. “Hold on a second, I got to go ask Hatori something. I’ll be right back.”

“Hurry,” she cried, the pain getting worse by the second. Kyo ran back to the phone.

“What’s going on?” shouted Hatori.

“Tohru just wet herself a little,” panted Kyo. “But she’s in a lot of pain. I think it’s gotten worse. You need to get over here so we can get this thing removed.”

“Kyo I need you to calm down,” stated Hatori.

“Calm down? Calm down? How can I be calm when Tohru’s withering in pure agony on the living room floor! We need you here now!”

“Just shut up for a second!” screamed Hatori. Kyo did as he was told. “The fact that she wet herself and is now feeling extreme pain is a good thing.”

“You sick bastard! How could this possibly be a good thing?”

“It means that she is close to passing the stone. All you need to do now is help facilitate the process.”

“And how exactly am I supposed to do that?”

“The first thing you’re going to need to do is get a bucket and a strainer of some sort. Next, you’ll need to strip her from the waist down and place the bucket and strainer underneath her. After that you’ll need to use one hand to spread her labia apart while using your other hand to simultaneously push down on the bladder. However, you must be careful when you do this so that you don’t accidentally rupture the bladder. Finally, you’ll need to…”

“Hold on a second,” interrupted Kyo. “I understood the first two parts, but I don’t know what you mean by labia. What the hell is that?”

“The labia is the flap of skin around the vagina. You’ll need to spread it with your fingers.”

“And why would I need to do something disgusting like that for?”

“Spreading the labia will make it easier for the stone to make its way out while reducing the chances that it will get stuck.”

“Do you even understand what you’re asking me to do?” asked an exasperated Kyo. “I can’t violate her like that.”

“You don’t have a choice,” said Hatori. “Just do as I said and make sure you collect the stone from the strainer. I’ll be over there as soon as possible.” And with that, Hatori hung up.

“BASTARD!” fumed Kyo as he slammed the phone down on the hook.

“KYO!!!” shrieked Tohru. Kyo immediately ran back to her. “Please help me,” she begged with tears in her eyes.

“I will,” promised Kyo, “just hang on a little longer.” Kyo then ran into the kitchen and began ransacking the cupboards until he found a strainer. Then he ran over to the trash bin, removed the trash bag, and grabbed the now empty bin. He rushed back into the living room. Kyo placed the strainer over the bin. He then got on his knees and grabbed hold of Tohru’s pants. “Tohru, do you trust me?” She nodded her head. “Good,” he said. He then yanked off her pants. As he looked at her panties, he could see that they were stained dark yellow in the front with small bits of red. Trying not to stare, Kyo grabbed the panties and yanked them off to. He then got behind Tohru and placed his hands under her armpits and pulled her to her feet. Kyo helped her hobble over to the wall and told her to lean against it. Tohru did as she was told. He then ran back to get the bin and strainer and placed them directly underneath her.

“What now?” she panted.

“I’m going to need to push on your bladder and spread your labia.”

“My what?”

“The skin flaps around the vagina.”

“You can’t do that!” cried Tohru. “It’s too embarrassing.”

“We don’t have a choice. Either I do it or you do it.”

Tohru paused for a moment before saying, “Can you do it? It’s taking everything I have just to stay on my feet.”

“Alright.”

“Please be gentle.”

“I will,” promised Kyo as he knelt down in front of her and placed one hand on her vagina. As carefully as he could, he spread the labia open with his fingers. He then placed two fingers from his free hand on top of Tohru’s bladder which by this point had swelled almost to the size of an American football. “Here we go,” he declared as he pushed down on her bladder.

“AHHHH!!!” moaned Tohru as she felt the urine in her body begin to flow out. The stream started out extremely weak. In fact, she was almost certain that what wasn’t running down her legs was running down Kyo’s fingers. “We need to stop!” she cried.

“We can’t.”

“But you’re getting wet.”

“Who cares?” snapped Kyo. “Getting this stone out of you is more important than you worrying about me getting pissed on. Now just shut up and let me help you.” Tohru did as she was told. Kyo then pressed his remaining three fingers against Tohru’s bladder. She let out a loud scream as her pee stream’s strength slowly increased. Suddenly there was a loud clink. Looking down into the strainer, Kyo could see what looked like a small jagged pebble. Before either of them knew what was going on, Tohru’s trickle turned into a hose on full blast. Her piss hit the strainer with such volume and force that the strainer could just barely keep up with her.

In fact, as her stream reached full flow, she was just centimeters from overflowing the strainer. Her body shuddered a bit as she began to feel a bit of splash back. Looking down, she saw that her piss was starting to turn from a dark yellow into a frothier gold color. As her bladder emptied, she moaned in relief. By the time her stream ceased, four minutes had passed. Tohru allowed herself to drip dry as the strainer finished draining into the trash can. In the end, she had managed to fill up the trash bin a little more than half-way. Kyo then stood up and took his shirt off. He then handed it to Tohru so she could cover herself up.

“Thank you,” she smiled as she took the shirt and put it on. It was long enough that it extended to just above her shins.

“Just go get changed,” blushed Kyo. “I’ll clean up this mess.”

“Alright,” agreed Tohru as she prepared to head up stairs. Before she did, she turned around and said, “How can I ever repay you?”

“Are you feeling better now?” responded Kyo.

“Yes.”

“Then that’s all I need,” said Kyo as he kept his back turned. Had he turned around, he would have seen a beautiful smile on Tohru’s face.

###

Not long after that, Hitori arrived at the house. After giving a Tohru a quick examination, he determined that she was stone free. Both Kyo and Hitori made sure that Tohru got back in bed so that she could begin recovering. As the two left her room and closed the door, Hitori said, “You did a good job today Kyo. Have you ever thought about going into the medical field?”

“Hell no,” replied Kyo. “If anything, I’ll do something martial arts related.”

“I see,” chuckled Hitori as he walked down the stairs and towards the front entrance. “Well whatever you decide to do, just make sure you take good care of Tohru.”

“I will,” nodded Kyo as Hitori walked out the door. Suddenly it dawned on Kyo what Hitori had just said. “Hey what did you mean by that?” But Hitori was already driving his car down the road.

Meanwhile back up in her bedroom, Tohru couldn’t stop smiling as she thought to herself that she and Kyo were now much closer than before. Of course, she could never tell anybody about this as the whole thing was way too embarrassing. Then again, maybe it was better this way. After all, they now had a secret that only the two of them shared and in a strange way, that was far more precious to her. Needless to say, that day was something that neither of them would forget for years to come.

*002*2018-12-29 18:39

{{8 hours ago, Keita123 said:

Great writing but it's not something I can fap too. It's a real and painful medical condition.

}}

I understand what you are saying as I have actually experienced kidney stones before. In fact I have dealt with it on two separate occasions, the most painful one occurring when I was 16. When I wrote this story, I attempted to channel some of my experience while changing it up a bit to make things more interesting. My intention when writing this story was not to make light of the condition. Rather, I felt like a wanted to try writing something knew based slightly off a condition I had experienced. I do appreciate you telling me my writing is good though as that is something I constantly worry about when I write my stories.

