Nana to Kaoru Stories

Author: Char242

*000*2018-12-03 08:29

Author's note: This thread will be a collection of fanficiton stories based off the softcore S&M romantic comedy manga Nana to Kaoru. I have previously written one before called the "Dom, the sub, and the Urinal" which can be found on in another thread on this forum. Please feel free to tell me what you like, don't like, or what you might want to see happen in future stories.

Story #1: The Leather One-Piece Mishap

It was lunch hour as Nana Chigusa patrolled the school as part of her student council duties. As she walked down the hallway, she couldn’t help but think how it had been a crazy couple of weeks. Between cramming for exams, creating the training schedule for the track team’s next meet, and fulfilling her other student council duties, she had had barely any time to relax. To top it all off, midterms were beginning in two days. She knew she needed to do something and soon or she’d might go crazy. Her thoughts were suddenly interrupted by a conversation she overheard between a couple of first year girls in the hallway.

“Hey, do you want to go eat lunch on the roof today?” asked one of the girls.

“No way!” answered the other. “I just saw that toad-faced guy go up there. You know that guy who’s always frequenting that adult store over by the station.”

“Ewww, you mean Creepymura?” replied the other. “I hear that guy brings porn to school. He’s a total pervert.”

“And a loser,” added the second girl. Then both the girls started laughing.

Before she knew what was happening, Nana stomped over to the girls and shouted, “That’s enough you two!” Both girls ceased their laughter. “First off, his name is Kaoru Sugimura. Secondly you should be ashamed about making fun of fellow student. Instead of judging someone based on their appearance you should try to get to know them a little better. Who knows, you might just find that they are a good person.”

“We’re sorry, Chigusa-senpai,” replied the two girls in unison.

“Alright,” said Nana. “Just try being more tolerant of others in the future.”

“We will,” responded the two girls before taking off down the hall.

As soon as the two girls were out of sight, Nana leaned against the wall and buried her face her hands. Her face was flushed with embarrassment. “What possessed me to react that way?” she mumbled to herself. She had been Kaoru’s friend and next-door neighbor since they were little and because of that she had watched people make fun of him all the time. While it had always irritated her, she seemed to have become more sensitive to it over the last couple of months. Could it be that she was developing feelings for him as a result of their secret breathers? The very thought made her face bright red. “There’s no way I’m developing feelings for him. Kaoru is my friend, nothing more,” she thought to herself. It took her a couple minutes to calm herself down. Once she was calm, she began walking toward the steps that led to the roof. “I wonder what Kaoru’s doing up there?”

###

Kaoru was sitting up on the roof of the school, his back facing the rooftop entrance as this was the best position to avoid the brunt of the wind. He had just finished eating lunch and was now reading an S&M magazine. It was rather cold and windy that day, so most people were eating inside. That’s what made this the perfect spot for some alone time. Even if he hadn’t been alone, nobody would have known what he was reading as he had placed the magazine between the hollowed out covers of an old textbook.

After a couple minutes of thumbing through the pages, one page finally caught his attention. The page featured a blindfolded woman with a ball gag in her mouth and her hands tied behind her back. She was wearing a leather one-piece that left very little to the imagination. The material only partially covered the breasts, leaving the top part of the nipple exposed. Kaoru then turned his attention to her lower half. The woman was sitting on her knees, her legs spread as far as they could possibly go. He noticed that the crotch of the outfit was practically string. If it had been any thinner, it probably would have been dental floss. As Kaoru looked closer, he could almost see the faint outlines of stray pubic hair. As he looked at the picture, he couldn’t help but imagine Nana wearing something like that. The more he thought about it, the more he began to stiffen. “I’ll save this for later,” he said to himself as he dogeared the page.

Suddenly the door to the roof flew open behind him. In his shock, he threw his hands up, sending the magazine flying behind him. Then he heard a familiar voice say, “Hey Kaoru, what are you doing up here?” He spun around just in time to see Nana bend down and grab the book. “What’s this?” she asked as she began to open the cover.

“Don’t look…” cried Kaoru, but it was too late. Nana had already opened the book and whether by mere coincidence or fate, she had ended up on the dogeared page Kaoru had been looking at a moment earlier.

“Why the hell are you looking at porn in school?” she yelled as she slammed the book shut, her face a deep shade of red. As she turned her gaze towards him she noticed that he was pitching a tent. “OH MY GOD! Were you ma…maa…”

“I WAS NOT!!!” shrieked Kaoru as he covered his pocket rocket. “I may have brought porn to school but even I have enough sense not to jack off in a public place.”

“Either way, it’s still disgusting,” replied Nana as she looked away. “What if a teacher had caught you doing this? Do you even know how much trouble you’d be in? Do you even care about what others might think?”

“Of course not,” answered Kaoru as he was finally able to stand up. “Why should I give a shit about what others think of me? If they want to call me a pervert or Creepymura, so be it. Why do you even care anyway? I mean your Nana Chigusa, Little Miss Perfect, the girl who could do no wrong and who is loved by everybody. Why are you wasting time with this school’s biggest loser?”

“Because you’re my friend and I care about you,” replied Nana. “And for the record, you might be a pervert, but I certainly wouldn’t call you a loser.”

“Yeah, whatever,” said Kaoru as he turned his back to her. His face was flushed. While he knew that she meant that she cared about him as friend, just hearing her say that she cared about him at all was enough to get his heart racing. In a desperate attempt to change the subject, he asked, “So what are you doing up here anyways?”

“Actually, I came to ask you for a favor.”

Kaoru turned around, “What kind of favor?” It was then that he noticed that Nana’s face was a deeper shade of red than when she had discovered the contents of the book. He also noticed that she wouldn’t make eye contact with him either. “What kind of favor?” he repeated again, part of him already knowing the answer.

“Well, it’s just that with midterms coming up, the last couple weeks have been stressful and I was thinking maybe we could…” but Nana found herself unable to say the last few words.

“Maybe we could what?” smirked Kaoru.

“Do a breather,” she muttered almost inaudibly, but Kaoru heard it all the same.

“What was that?” taunted Kaoru. “You know it’s really hard to understand you if you don’t speak up.”

“I want a breather,” she repeated a tiny bit louder.

“Come on now Nana,” said Kaoru as he closed in on her. “Just tell me what you want.”

“I WANT A BREATHER!” she screamed. Realizing that she may have said that a little too loudly, she covered her mouth and began looking around to see if anybody heard.

“Don’t worry, nobody else is up here but us,” assured Kaoru as he stepped away from her. He scratched his head for a moment as he thought of what to do. Suddnely a light bulb went off in his head. “I think I have just the thing.”

“When can we do it?

Kaoru paused for another moment before saying, “It’ll take me a few hours to finish my preparations, but since we have the day off tomorrow, I should be able to have it done by tomorrow afternoon. How does tomorrow evening around sunset sound?”

“I guess that’s fine,” answered Nana, doing her best to hide her excitement. However, Kaoru could read her like an open book.

“Good. Now can I have my book back?”

“Not a chance.”

“Why not?”

“Because porn is not allowed in school. As a member of the student council it is my duty to confiscate such items. You can have it back when school is over. Maybe.” And with that, Nana turned around and reentered the building. Leaving a stunned and pornless Kaoru in her wake.

###

The next evening around sunset, Nana knocked on the door to Kaoru’s apartment. Less than a minute later, Kaoru opened the door and ushered her inside. As he guided her to his room, Kaoru said, “The old hag has to work a night shift at the hospital tonight, so we won’t have to worry about being interrupted.”

“That’s not a nice way to refer to your mother,” responded Nana. Kaoru’s mom was like an aunt to her and in some ways was more of a mother to her than her real one who was almost never home due to work.

“I think it’s perfectly fair to call her an old hag since she doesn’t hesitate to refer to me as her idiot son,” stated Kaoru.

“Maybe she would stop calling you an idiot if you picked up a textbook and actually studied once in a while.”

“Let’s just drop it okay,” said a clearly flustered Kaoru as they entered the room. He then walked over to his bed and picked up a large shopping bag. Kaoru than walked back over to Nana and handed it to her. “I want you to change into this outfit. You can put the clothes you’re currently wearing in the bag. I’ll wait outside the room while you change.” And with that, he left the room, closing the door behind him.

Nana looked down at the bag in her hands and wondered what sort of outfit Kaoru wanted her to wear. Based off past experience, she knew it must be something perverted. Suddenly the image of the girl in Kaoru’s magazine flashed into her mind. Nana’s cheeks turned a deep shade of red. “There’s no way he’d make me wear something like that, right?” she mumbled to herself. Her hands were trembling and her heart was racing. She wanted to open the bag so badly to see what was inside, yet at the same time she was also afraid. Taking a deep breath, Nana reached into the bag and pulled out the outfit. It was a black leather one-piece similar to the one she had gotten stuck in on the night that she first discovered how beneficial S&M could be.

Nana took off her sweater and skirt and placed them in the bag. Next, she proceeded to take off her bra and panties. After placing them in the bag, she set about putting the outfit on. It felt tighter than the one she had worn before and she had to practically squeeze her hips into it. Once it was completely on, she walked over to mirror. The one-piece exposed plenty of cleavage, but still covered what was important. Nana noticed that the crotch of this one-piece covered a little bit more than the previous outfit and hugged there a little bit tighter as well. Turning around, she could see the open back of the one-piece. She also noticed that it rode up in the back like a G-string. While it wasn’t ideal, she was just happy that Kaoru wasn’t making her wear something even more revealing.

A couple moments later, Kaoru knocked on the door and asked, “Are you almost done in there?”

“You can come in,” she answered back. A second later Kaoru walked into the room. Despite Kaoru having seen her in a similar outfit before, Nana still felt the need to try to cover herself.

“You look sexy, Nana,” whistled Kaoru as he began to pace around her, taking in as much of this wonderous sight as he could. “How does it feel?”

“It feels a bit tighter than usual.”

“Really?” asked Kaoru. “It shouldn’t be. I had this specially made for you.” He then grabbed her sides and gave them a light squeeze. Nana’s body shuddered as he did so. Stepping back, he asked, “Did you gain weight?”

“I did not!” cried Nana, indignantly. Although in truth she had been stress eating a little during her late-night cram sessions.

“Alright,” said Kaoru in an attempt to calm her down. While part of the breathers involved humiliating her, he knew from past experience that commenting on her weight was not the best way to do it. “These outfits are designed to be tight. I’m sure that as the night goes on and your body begins to adjust, it won’t feel as tight.”

“Ok,” replied Nana as she began to calm down a little. While she knew that it was supposed to feel tight, in the back of her mind she couldn’t help thinking that something didn’t feel right. Trying to get her mind off the tightness, she asked “So what do we do now?”

“We’re going to the park,” smiled Kaoru.

“There’s no way I can go outside in this outfit! If anyone saw me, they would label me as some kind of pervert.”

“But you are a pervert,” smirked Kaoru.

“I am not!” retorted Nana.

“Oh really?” replied Kaoru as he walked behind her. Before she could react, Kaoru wrapped his dominant arm tightly around the part of the stomach just below her breasts and pulled her tightly against his body. While Kaoru was slightly shorter than her, he was still physically stronger than her, a fact that she often forgot until moments like this occurred. Try as she might, she couldn’t break free as Kaoru’s dominant arm was pinning both of her arms to her sides. She was at his mercy. Suddenly she felt something rubbing up and down the side of her butt. She didn’t have to turn her head to know that it was his fingers. Her body began to tremble as Kaoru’s fingers gently made their way across her bare skin. A slight moan escaped her mouth. A split second later she could feel Kaoru’s breath on the back of her neck as he asked, “You really don’t think you’re a pervert?”

“No, I don’t,” gasped Nana as she tried to keep from moaning. Kaoru was now running his fingers along the front of her thighs.

“Come on now, Nana,” stated Kaoru. “Normal people do not need S&M to relax. The fact that you do makes you a pervert.”

“I told you I’m not a pervert,” she argued back. “Now please let me go.”

“Not until you admit that you’re a pervert.”

“I’M NOT A PERVERT!!!” she screamed again.

“Okay,” said Kaoru as he leaned his chin on Nana’s shoulder, his warm, wet, breath now filling Nana’s ear. “If you won’t admit that you’re a pervert, then at least admit that you’re a dirty girl.”

“NEVER!” she cried. At that moment, the sensation of Kaoru’s fingers against her skin stopped. As she looked down, she noticed that Kaoru’s hand was hovering just centimeters above her crotch.

“Say it,” he commanded. “Tell me you’re a dirty girl who likes to be dominated.”

“Please stop,” she begged as she tried to look at him from the corner of her eye.

“You know how to make me stop,” smiled Kaoru wickedly. “Just tell me what I want to hear.” When she didn’t respond, he gently laid two fingers on the leather covering her crotch, applying just enough pressure so that Nana would know he was there.

“Stop,” she moaned. “If you touch there I might…”

“You might what?” chuckled Kaoru. “Soil yourself? That might be fun to watch. Now let’s see what happens if I start moving my fingers around.”

“ALRIGHT!” screamed Nana. “I’ll say it. I’m a dirty girl.”

“And?”

“And I like to be dominated,” she gasped. As soon as she said it, Kaoru released her and took a step back. Nana fell to her knees, and scrunched over, her heart racing. As she tried to regain her composure, she couldn’t help but think that Kaoru had become a little more brazen with the breathers. It was exhilarating but also scary at times. Lifting her head, she saw that Kaoru was now standing in front of her, his hand extended.

“Come on already,” said Kaoru his head turned away from her, “I’m not going to hold my hand like this all day.” Nana took his hand and he pulled her to her feet. Kaoru then walked over to his closet and pulled out the large overcoat they had used in one of their previous breathers. “Put this on,” he commanded as he tossed it to her. He then turned and began walking towards the bedroom door.

“Where are you going?”

“Toilet,” he answered. The moment he was out of the room, his calm facade finally snapped. He ran into the bathroom and slammed the door. He threw the faucet on and began splashing his face with cold water. After a few seconds, he turned the faucet off. “What the hell was I about to do?” he whispered to himself as he looked down at his hand. While he had only meant to touch her butt a little, he had lost control and had nearly crossed a boundary line he had set for himself. The whole reason he had set boundaries in the first place was because he was scared that his strong desire to make Nana his own might cause him to do something unforgivable. As he looked at himself in the mirror, he wondered how far he would have gone had Nana not submitted when she did. His thoughts were interrupted by a knock on the bathroom door.

“Is everything okay in there?”

“Everything’s fine. I’ll be out in a second,” replied Kaoru. Taking one last look in the mirror, Kaoru slapped his cheeks, took a couple of deep breaths, and then exited the bathroom. Nana was waiting for him right outside the door. She had already put the coat on. The coat extended a few inches above her ankles. Not ready to look her in the eye yet, he quickly walked past her. “Let’s get moving,” said Kaoru as he made his way towards the front door. As he bent down to put his shoes on, he turned his head slightly and saw that Nana wasn’t behind him. Turning completely around, he saw that she was still over by the bathroom. She was fidgeting a bit but not in the way she did when she really had to go. Thinking that she was just being self-conscious, Kaoru told her, “You look just fine, now let’s go.”

“Okay,” answered Nana as she began to move towards the door. As the two left, Nana began wondering if she had made a huge mistake by not using the bathroom before the breather started. Only time would tell.

###

It was now dark as the two made their way to the park. Nana’s heart raced as they walked by various people. As more people passed by, she began to feel that they were staring at her. Was it because she seemed out of place for wearing an overcoat, or could it be that they could tell that she was wearing something naughty underneath the coat. The more she thought about it, the more she could feel the blood rushing to her cheeks. She soon found herself unable to look anywhere except the ground. In a desperate attempt to calm her paranoia, she began to tell herself that it was the middle of fall and the nights were getting colder, so it wouldn’t be considered strange for someone to wear an overcoat like this. Suddenly, Kaoru said something that threw off her concentration.

“Hey Nana, have you noticed that every person we’ve passed so far has been staring at you?”

“Nn…no they haven’t,” stammered Nana. “So he noticed it too?” she thought to herself. At that moment another thought burst through her head: “Kaoru is just trying to trick me. Well, now that I know what he’s doing, it’s not going to work.”

“Of course they have,” replied Kaoru. “Maybe they’ve figured out that you’re hiding something naughty underneath that coat.”

“There’s no way that’s true,” Nana shot back. As she said that though, she thought to herself, “Is he reading my mind?”

“If you don’t believe me, just watch the next couple of people that pass by us,” said Kaoru. Nana did as she was told. Sure enough, the next several people who walked past them seemed to be staring at her. “There staring at you Nana. I bet they know that you’re hiding something under that coat,” taunted Kaoru. Nana stopped in her tracks. Kaoru turned his head around to see what was going on. Nana’s cheeks were a new shade of red that Kaoru had never seen before. He also noticed that her tongue was sticking slightly out of the corner of her mouth in the same aroused expression that she always had when she got excited during their breathers.

“You’ll catch flies if you keep your tongue out like that” declared Kaoru. He watched as she covered her mouth with the side of her hand. Kaoru couldn’t help thinking that the mixture of Nana’s blushing cheeks and the way she was holding her hand to her mouth made her look even more beautiful than she already was. He found himself unable to look at her and turned his head forward. Kaoru, who had been stealing glances back at her the entire time they had been walking, had already realized the reason that people had been staring at Nana was because Nana was at her most beautiful when she was embarrassed. However, the expression she made with her tongue was something that only he had seen, and he wanted to keep it that way. After all, when they were performing these breathers, Nana belonged to him and he wasn’t going to share her with anybody.

“Do I really look that strange?” asked Nana, interrupting Kaoru’s thoughts. Her words were a little muffled due to her hand being in front of her mouth, but Kaoru knew exactly what she was saying.

Without thinking, Kaoru stated, “Of course not. I think you look as beautiful as always.” It took him a couple seconds to register the words that had just come out of his mouth. He quickly turned around and saw the stunned look on her face. Kaoru couldn’t remember ever having seen Nana’s face so red.

“What did you just say?” asked Nana.

“I said everybody thinks your beautiful,” said Kaoru in a desperate attempt to cover up his near confession. Before Nana could say anything more, a strong gust of wind blew towards them. The overcoat which had not been fastened properly flew open. At the same moment, a young couple was just getting ready to pass by them. Thinking quickly, Kaoru darted over to Nana and wrapped her in a tight embrace, using his body as a shield. Luckily, Kaoru had moved quick enough that the young couple hadn’t seen anything. When he was sure that they were gone, he quickly went about refastening the coat. “That was way too close,” he sighed as he stepped back.

“Thank you,” she blushed. She couldn’t stop thinking about how Kaoru had pressed himself against her and held her so tightly. Despite almost being caught, she felt the safest she had ever been.

“Let’s get moving,” uttered Kaoru, snapping Nana out of her trance. “We still have a little ways to go before we reach the park.”

“Okay,” said Nana. As they began walking, Nana felt I light twinge in her bladder, but as it quickly passed, she decided to ignore it for the time being.

###

A few minutes later they had reached the park. As they walked around, Kaoru noticed that Nana was beginning to shake. “Are you feeling alright?” he asked.

“I’m fine,” lied Nana. In truth, she was rather uncomfortable. For starters, the one-piece was starting to rub some areas of her skin rather roughly. There was also the fact that it was getting colder and that she was wearing practically nothing underneath the jacket. To top it all off, the slight twinge in her bladder had returned. Of course, she didn’t want to tell Kaoru any of this because he would probably stop the breather then and there and she was certainly not ready for it to be over. For now, she would just have to put up with it.

“Alright,” replied Kaoru as he continued to stare at her. He knew her well enough to tell that she was lying. Kaoru had noticed that it had gotten colder and had already decided that he needed to find someplace warm for her. As nonchalantly as he could, Kaoru said, “I’m starting to get a little hungry. There’s a little café not too far from here. Do you want to go?”

“Okay,” answered Nana. As they began walking towards the café, she found herself grateful that they could go someplace warm and sit down for a while.

###

Not long after getting to the café, a waitress greeted them and sat them at a table in the corner towards the front of the café. As Kaoru began looking at the menu, Nana excused herself to run to the restroom. She had been to this café once before with a friend of hers from the student council, so she knew that the restroom was towards the back of the café. As she rounded the corner, she saw that there was a note on the door of the restaurant’s single unisex bathroom. It read:

“Dearest Customers,

The lock on the bathroom door is broken. Please knock before entering. Sorry for the inconvenience.

Sincerely,

Management.”

There was no way Nana could use the bathroom now as she would risk someone seeing her if they decided to just open the door without knocking. Since the slight throbbing in her bladder was still plenty manageable, she decided to shrug it off and went back to the table. By the time she got back, Kaoru had already ordered a regular coffee for himself and a latte for her as he knew she liked them. As Nana sat down, he handed her the menu and said, “Order anything you want. I’m buying.”

“Are you sure?” asked Nana as she looked at the menu. While the café was known for its various coffees and international desserts, it was also known for being a little pricy. Nana also knew that Kaoru must be short on funds if he had had this one-piece made just for her.

“Of course,” said Kaoru. “Just think of it as a reward for doing so well during our breather.”

“Okay,” nodded Nana as she continued to look through the menu. She had heard that the café had just added a new strawberry parfait to the menu and that it was supposed to be really good. However, it was also one of the more expensive things on the menu. Not wanting to be a burden on Kaoru’s wallet, she decided to go for something cheap.

A couple minutes later the waitress came by and asked, “Have you two decided what you want?”

“I’ll have the chocolate mousse,” said Nana.

“And I’ll have that new strawberry parfait thing that you put on the menu,” added Kaoru. This shocked Nana greatly as she knew that Kaoru did not particularly care for sweets and this dessert was said to be extremely sweet.

“Coming right up,” smiled the waitress. She then turned her attention to Nana and asked, “Would you like me to hang your coat up miss? It’s rather warm in here.”

“There’s no need to do that,” stammered Nana as she tried not to seem panicked. “I wouldn’t want you to go out of your way or anything.”

“It’s no problem,” said the waitress.

Before Nana could say anything, Kaoru blurted out, “My friend here has poor blood circulation and tends to get cold easily. If it’s all the same, can you let her keep the coat on?”

“I understand,” replied the waitress as she bowed her head. “My apologies. I’ll go get your orders ready.”

“Thank you, Kaoru,” said Nana as soon as the waitress left.

“You’re welcome,” responded Kaoru. He paused for a moment before saying, “I thought for sure that you were going to order that strawberry parfait thing. I mean you like that sort of stuff, right?”

“I do,” admitted Nana, “but I just didn’t feel like having it tonight.”

“I see,” said Kaoru before taking a sip of his coffee. He then decided to drop the subject. The two of them sat in awkward silence for several minutes until the waitress came back with their order.

“Enjoy,” she smiled as she placed the desserts down on the table and left to serve another couple who had just entered the café.

“This looks good,” commented Nana as she took a spoonful of mousse and placed it in her mouth. Unfortunately for her, it contained a rather dark chocolate that gave it a slightly bitter aftertaste. She didn’t want to eat any more of it, but since Kaoru was paying for it, she decided that she should at least try to eat it all.

“I wonder how mine tastes,” said Kaoru as he stuck a spoonful of strawberry parfait in his mouth. “Mmmm,” he said as he swallowed it. In reality, he didn’t care for it at all. It was too sweet, just as he had predicted it would be. The only reason he had ordered it was because he knew Nana had wanted it, and that she had ordered something cheap instead as a courtesy to him. Kaoru had planned on giving it to her from the moment he had heard what she was ordering. “Do you want a taste?” asked Kaoru as he held out a spoonful of the parfait.

“Sure,” replied Nana as she leaned over the table and wrapped her mouth around the spoon. “It is good!” she exclaimed as she released the spoon from her mouth. It was then that she noticed Kaoru was blushing. “What’s wrong?” she asked.

“Nothing,” muttered Kaoru as he looked down at the spoon. He was too embarrassed to tell her that what she had just done was an indirect kiss. As calmly as he could, he asked, “Do you want to trade? While this thing is good, it’s just a little too sweet for my taste.”

“Alright,” answered Nana as nonchalantly as she could. The two then swapped the desserts. Just as Nana was getting ready to shove another spoonful of the parfait in her mouth, she saw Kaoru stick a spoonful of mousse in his mouth. Their eyes met for a second before Kaoru looked away. It took Nana a few seconds to register that the spoon Kaoru now had in his mouth had been in her mouth just seconds earlier. Nana looked down at the table. “How could I not realize I had eaten off his spoon?”, she thought to herself. “I’m sure Kaoru’s disgusted.” Both of them unable to say anything more, ate in silence. The waitress would come by one more time to refill their drinks. As soon as they were done, Kaoru paid the bill and the two left.

###

The two walked in silence. Both were too embarrassed to say anything to each other. It was Nana who was the first to speak up. “Look, Kaoru. I’m sorry about what happened in the cafe. You must be so disgusted with me.”

“Why?” asked Kaoru. “It was only an indirect kiss.”

“An indirect kiss?” repeated Nana. Then it dawned on her that what she had indeed done was an indirect kiss. “Oh my god!” she cried as she covered her face with her hands to hide her embarrassment.

“Look Nana, it’s no big deal,” stated Kaoru, doing his best to hide his embarrassment. “I mean you and I used to eat off of the same food all the time when we were kids.”

“I guess you’re right,” replied Nana as she removed her hands from her face.

“Are you okay?”

“Yeah, I think I just got a little panicked when you called it an indirect kiss. I’m fine now though.”

“Good,” said Kaoru. By this point in time they had reentered the park. Suddenly Kaoru turned to Nana and latched his hands onto her shoulders. There was an expression of pain etching its way across his face. “Hey Nana, I don’t want you to freak out or anything, but I need to ask you for a huge favor.”

“What is it?” asked Nana, beginning to grow a little concerned.

“Those two cups of coffee went right through me. I really need to piss and I don’t think I can make it to the park bathroom. I’m going to go over to the tree over there and relieve myself. I need you to stand guard for me.”

“I don’t know….”

“Please Nana,” begged Kaoru. “You’re the only one who I would trust to do this.”

Nana paused for a moment before saying, “Fine. I’ll guard for you, but you’ll need to hurry up.”

“Thank you,” bowed Kaoru as he ran over to one of the trees. Nana followed him over and then turned her back to give him some privacy. She could hear the sound of a zipper followed by the sound of water smashing against the side of the tree accompanied by a low moan from Kaoru. As Nana listened, she could feel her own sense of urgency beginning to grow. While the desire to pee hadn’t been all that bad while they were at the café, the two cups of coffee she drank in combination with the sounds of Kaoru’s piss hitting the tree certainly weren’t helping matters. She tried to think of something else to get her mind off of her own desperation but found that it was impossible. Less than a minute later, the hissing sound stopped, and she heard the sound of a zipper being pulled up. “Much better,” sighed Kaoru. He then noticed that Nana was beginning to squirm a bit too. “Do you need to go too? If so, I’ll stand guard for you while you squat behind a bush or something.”

“I’m fine,” lied Nana. “It’s just that this one-piece is starting to ride up a bit and I’d like to get it off as soon as possible.

“Got it,” said Kaoru. “Let’s get back to my place as quick as we can.”

###

They had just entered Kaoru’s apartment when Nana, who was almost at her limit, fell to her knees. The throbbing pain in her bladder had her doubled over in pain. Cold sweat was running down her face. “What’s wrong Nana?” asked Kaoru as he knelt down beside her. “Are you sick? Do you need to go to the hospital?”

“No,” gasped Nana as she did her best to fight the pain. “My bladder feels like it’s about to burst.”

“Didn’t you go at the café?”

“No.”

“Why not?”

“Because the lock on the door was broken and I didn’t want anybody to see me in this outfit,” admitted Nana. At this point she was clenching her teeth. “I should have just called you over and had you watch the door for me.”

“Yeah you should have,” grunted Kaoru as he lifted one of Nana’s arms up and threw it over his shoulder. With as much strength as he could muster, he pulled her to her feet and helped her hobble over to the bathroom. One inside the bathroom, he leaned her against the sink and helped her remove the coat. Just as he was getting ready to leave, he turned around and said, “There’s one more thing I forgot to tell you. The one-piece has a zipper located underneath the crotch. You’ll need to unzip it and spread the material out of the way before you start peeing.” Nana bent forward and looked down. Sure enough, there was a zipper there. How she didn’t see it or feel it before was a mystery to her.

“Why does this have a zipper? The old one-piece didn’t have one.”

“I had it put in just in case you needed to use the bathroom during the breather. It was either that or you’d have to remove the one-piece and pee completely naked.”

“That was a smart idea,” commented Nana. “Now can you please leave and shut the door behind you. I don’t know how much more of this I can take.”

“I’ll wait for you in my bedroom,” said Kaoru. He then walked out of the bathroom and closed the door. Nana proceeded to lift up the lid of the toilet seat. She then backed up and began feeling around for the zipper handle. The second she found it, she pulled down on the zipper tab, but nothing happened.

“What the hell!?” she exclaimed as she began pulling on the zipper tab even harder. Suddenly she heard a snapping sound. As she raised her hand closer to her face, she unfurled her fingers and saw that the zipper tab was now in her hand. “OH NO!” she cried as she desperately tried to put the zipper tab back on. But it was no use. The zipper was beyond repair. Realizing that she needed another plan, she began racking her brain. The first idea she came up with was to grab the leather crotch and try to pull it to the side enough that she could pee without getting it wet.

She proceeded to grab one side of the leather and tried to pull it to the opposite side, but it was no use. Not only could she not get a good grip, but the leather was also clamped too tight to her skin to move. Racking her brain one more. She realized that her only other course of action was to remove the suit. Nana set about removing the suit. She got it just below her navel before she realized that the one-piece was stuck. It was then that she remembered how hard a time she had had getting it above her waist in the first place. Racking her brain for one final time, she came to the conclusion that this wasn’t a problem she could fix by herself. She would need Kaoru’s help. She quickly pulled the one-piece suit back up above her navel and hobbled out of the bathroom and to Kaoru’s room.

###

Kaoru was sitting on the floor in his room, his back leaning up against his bed. It had been several minutes since Kaoru had left Nana in the bathroom. He was beginning to worry that something bad may have happened. Rising to his feet, Kaoru walked over to his bedroom door. Just as he was reaching for the knob, the door swung open, smacking him in the face and sending him sprawling backwards. “Damn that hurt!” he cried as he began rubbing his nose. He then looked up and saw Nana standing in the door way. She looked worse than she had when he had left her in the bathroom. She stumbled into the room before falling forward. “Nana!” he screamed as dashed over and caught her before she could hit the floor. He quickly sat her on the edge of his bed. “What happened to you? Didn’t you go?”

“I can’t,” she moaned.

“Why not?”

“The zipper broke,” she whined as she unfurled her fingers and showed him the broken zipper tab.

“Shit. Did you try pulling the crotch to one side and pee that way?”

“Yes, but the crotch wouldn’t move.”

“What about completely removing the suit?”

“I tried that too, but I only got it below my navel. Please Kaoru, you have to do something!” begged Nana.

“Hold on,” replied Kaoru. “I think I have an idea.” He then ran over to his closet and pulled out a small tool kit. Kaoru then ran it over to the bed, opened it, and took out a pair of plyers.

“What are you going to do with those?”

“I’m going to try to grab a piece of the broken zipper and force it down.”

“But if you do that, you’ll see everything.”

“Don’t worry,” assured Kaoru. “Once I get it down a couple centimeters you should be able to fit your fingers through the gap and pull it the rest of the way. If you do that while you’re in the bathroom, then I won’t see a thing.”

“Okay,” replied Nana. “Do it.”

“I will,” said Kaoru. “But first I’m going to need you to lie on your back and spread your legs?”

“You’re a pervert!” she screamed.

“No, I’m not!” he yelled back. “I need you to lay back and spread your legs so I can get a better grip on what’s left of the zipper. Trust me, I won’t do anything to you.”

“Fine,” sniffled Nana as she laid back and spread her legs. Kaoru then got on his knees and positioned himself so that he was now directly between her legs. Using the plyers, he grabbed what was left of the broken zipper, but found that it wouldn’t budge.

“Damn it!” he panted as he pulled harder.

“That hurts!” whined Nana. “Please be more careful.” She could feel Kaoru’s warm breath against her inner thighs and it was making her feel strange.

“I think I almost got…” Suddenly there was a loud snapping sound. “SHIT!”

“What happened?” asked Nana, unable to sit up.

“The damn plyers broke. We’ll need to come up with something else. Just give me a minute and I’ll…”

“OHHHH NOOO!!!” cried Nana. Before Kaoru knew what was happening, a loud hissing sound filled the room. Nana’s dam had burst, and now golden fluid was flowing out of the leather crotch and onto Kaoru’s bed sheets. Kaoru watched as the bed sheets began to turn yellow. He then felt something wet around his knees. Looking down, he realized that a waterfall of piss was crashing onto the floor. In an effort to minimize the damage, Kaoru grabbed his tool box, emptied its contents, and threw it underneath Nana. The hissing was replaced by the sound of water slapping metal. The whole incident lasted a little over three minutes. By the time it was all over, the edge of his bed and the insides of Nana’s legs were soaked, and the tool box was almost half-full of piss. Suddenly Kaoru heard the sound of sniffling. As Kaoru got to his feet, he saw that Nana who was still laying down, had her hands pressed over her eyes, tears running down her face.

“Nana…” As soon as he said her name her quite sniffling turned into hysterical sobbing.

“I’m so sorry!” she sobbed over and over again.

“It’s okay Nana,” said Kaoru, doing his best to keep himself together. “Now let’s go get you cleaned up.” He then proceeded to pick her up in his arms and carried her to the bath. Kaoru set her softly down on the tile floor and went to work getting the bath ready. As the tub began filling up with warm water, Kaoru turned his attention to Nana and asked her to stand up so that he could help her remove the soiled one-piece. She did as she was told without saying a word.

Kaoru looked at the floor as he helped Nana remove the one-piece. Just like she had said earlier, the one-piece got stuck again just below her navel. Using all the strength he could muster, Kaoru grabbed both sides of the leather suit and pulled. A ripping sound filled the room. He then closed his eyes and gently helped Nana remove the remains of the suit. Without looking at her, Kaoru opened his eyes and moved towards the door. Just as he was getting ready to leave the room, he briefly glanced back. What he saw terrified him. Nana’s once beautiful skin was covered in red patches where the skin had been rubbed raw. There were also marks on her body that clearly indicated where the blood flow and been constricted.

Without saying another word, Kaoru left the room. He then walked to the kitchen to get some wet rags and cleaning supplies. Kaoru would spend the next half hour stripping the bed and cleaning the floor. By the time he was done, he was exhausted. He then pulled out his phone and looked at the time. Nana would surely be getting out of the bath soon and she would need her clothes. Kaoru grabbed the bag containing her clothes, walked over to the bath area, and knocked on the door. There was no response. “Hey Nana, I brought your clothes. I’ll leave them by the door for you.” Again, there was no response. Unable to take it anymore Kaoru leaned against the door and slid down to the floor. He buried his head between his knees.

“How could you let this happen?” his inner-self screamed at him. “You were supposed to keep her safe, but instead you both injured and humiliated her. You should be ashamed!”

“It’s not my fault. I didn’t know,” he whispered to himself.

“LIAR!” screamed his inner self. “She told you that the outfit felt too tight. You knew she wasn’t alright when she was shaking in the park earlier this evening. You knew that she had to pee before you left the park to come here. How can you say that it’s not your fault?”

“I can’t” admitted Kaoru. “I knew she wasn’t alright, but I kept ignoring it.” Tears began flowing down his eyes. “How could I be so damn selfish?” Suddenly Kaoru felt the door behind him begin to open. He quickly jumped to his feet but kept his back turned. Kaoru used his forearm to wipe his eyes. His voice slightly cracking, he said, “Nana. I think it’s best if we don’t do any more breathers.”

“Why not?” asked Nana.

“Because I can’t trust myself to keep you safe. Because of my incompetence not only did you have that accident, but you were also injured as well.”

“No I wasn’t.”

“Don’t lie to me Nana!” shouted Kaoru, his fists clenched so hard that his knuckles were beginning to turn white. “I saw the patches of raw skin. What would have happened if the injury was worse and you ended up with scars or an infection. If something like that happened I don’t think I could live with myself. That’s why we have to stop this.” As Kaoru tried to walk away, he felt something wrap around his chest. He then felt something wet press into his back.

“But I don’t want to stop,” sobbed Nana. “This wasn’t your fault. It was mine. If I had been honest with you from the beginning this never would have happened. Kaoru, I know that you always take every precaution to keep me safe during our breathers and that you would never do anything intentionally to hurt me. Accidents happen but we can’t let it control our lives. I trust you to keep me safe and that’s never going to change. Now you need to start trusting in me that I can take what you dish out.

“You really are an idiot,” sniffed Kaoru. “If we continue this, I can’t promise that you won’t get hurt again. Knowing that can you still say you’ll be my partner?” asked Kaoru as he turned around.

“Of course,” smiled Nana. “You’re my Dom and I’m your sub.” She then extended her hand and said, “We’re S&M partners until the end.”

“Yeah,” agreed Kaoru as he wiped the last couple of tears from his eyes. He then grabbed her hand in his and said, “S&M partners until the end.”

