Stuck in traffic

Author: CGWmech15

*000*2019-05-10 08:15

Alright y'all, I spent 19 behind the wheel of my truck today, so naturally I did plenty of daydreaming. This story is loosely based on like 5 different stories, only one of them interesting enough to share and I'll post it in the wetting experiences forum at a later date. There is sexual content, but not until the after the wetting and I'll put a warning in. Anyway let me know how you like my first fiction.

###

When Dillon was 17 he and his dad bought an old Dodge truck that didn't run. They rebuilt the motor, lifted it, put on big mud tires, and built it into an awesome off-road truck over the next few years. He was now a freshman in college and dating a girl named Elizabeth. He'd known her for practically forever, and had a crush on her since their 7th grade field trip to Gettysburg. They sat together on the bus ride there, talked, and listened to music. At 13 he was just starting to really notice girl's, and that morning he decided he liked her. They'd been family friends and gone to school together for as long as he could remember. He always enjoyed her company. They were the same age, and at 13 she was 5'2" and probably 85lbs dripping wet. Very petite girl.

They had a fantastic day together, laughing, talking, and taking in the historical site. They bonded over enjoying American history.

On the bus ride home she gave him the window seat, then promptly fell asleep on his shoulder. After a 3 hour bus ride they were about 15 minutes from the school when she woke up and asked to trade him seats.

"Why?" Dillon asked confused.

"I'm gonna pee my pants" she answered dead serious.

They quickly traded seats and she did. He gave her his hoodie to tie around her waist, and no one noticed as it was nighttime by now and everyone was half asleep. That sealed the deal for him. He really liked her. He transferred schools the next year, but they stayed in contact over the next few years until he found himself back for the last year of highschool. They picked up right where they left off and immediately started dating.

Fast forward a year and a half and they were going to college an hour apart and both working full time. She had matured a lot since the first time he saw her pee herself, but she was still very petite, around 105lbs, though they did wear the same size shoe. His feet were small for his size and her's were large for her very small frame. It was a running joke between them, being able to share shoes.

Spring break rolled around and Dillon surprised her with a camping trip up in the mountains in his pride and joy, the old Dodge truck.

They left Saturday morning and spent all day 4 wheeling through the mountains. Elizabeth, though raised very civilized, had grown accustomed to peeing outside since starting to date Dillon. She also liked to hold for him every once in awhile because he'd told her about his desperation fetish 3 months into their relationship.

They camped out Saturday night, packed up in the morning and drove to the nearest town for breakfast. Dillon wanted to take another off-road trail home, but they both had to work early Monday morning, and wheeling that hard used a lot of fuel. Being broke college kids, Elizabeth convinced him to just take the interstate home. She was able to convince him only after promising to get a big iced tea and hold for him.

They stopped at the gas station, he fueled up, and she went in to get her tea. Tea went straight through her. They both knew this. Dillon was growing excited already. It'd been months since she'd held for him and even longer since they'd had 2 full days together.

About 45 minutes down the road and Dillon was cruising along, his right hand resting lightly on her crossed legs as she talked endlessly. She talked a lot when she had to pee.

Elizabeth was at a 6/10 with over an hour left in the drive, and she was filling fast. Iced tea always went straight through her. They were going to have to stop, but she was enjoying the effect she was having on him too much to stop yet. She was casually looking out the passenger window when suddenly Dillon slammed on the brakes. She buried a one hand in her crotch and put the other on the dash to brace herself. The sudden jolt had almost made her leak.

Once they stopped she looked up. 2 cops and a fire truck were blocking the freeway and just beyond them a semi truck was in it's side blocking the whole road. Her heart sank. They weren't going anywhere anytime soon, and she had to pee.

Dillon saw the accident and knew it was going to be awhile. He shut the truck off, slid the seat back and relaxed. They continued talking, and he became more aroused as she grew visibly more desperate. She squirmed, danced in her seat, crossed and uncrossed her legs, and held herself on and off, talking and talking and talking the whole time trying to distract herself. Damn she was cute and he couldn't believe how lucky he was too have her.

Soon her talking slowed and she crossed her legs tightly with her fingers buried firmly against her pee hole. Dillon noticed something change and his arousal immediately subsided.

Elizabeth was in the middle of telling him about her English midterm when it started to hurt. Only once had it hurt before, and she'd peed her pants sitting next to him on a school bus. She bent forward slightly and realized just how bad it was. The wrecker had finally showed up almost an hour after they'd stopped, but it was going to be awhile until the truck was moved enough for traffic to get through. She was at an 8.5/10 and still getting worse fairly quickly. This was not good.

Dillon could see the change in her attitude. Suddenly he wasn't turned on anymore, purely sympathetic.

"Are you ok babe?" He asked

She turned and looked at him, a single tear slipped from her left eye, and she barely muttered "It hurts. It hurts really bad."

He started thinking about how to fix it immediately. This wasn't a sexy gave anymore.

"Do you want me to hold up a blanket? We can open the door to block from the front, I'll block the back, and you can go out the side of the truck" he offered

"There's cops everywhere. I'm not doing that. I can hold it."

He thought more, "You can't hold it. It's going to be at least another hour until we move, and the next gas station is still another 20 minutes."

Her expression became grim. She bent forward slightly. 9/10. It hurt bad.

The last thing he could think, "just pee your pants babe. My seats are waterproof, and there's no carpet on the floor. I'll hose the truck out when we get home. I do it all the time."

She thought about it for a second, and decided she'd do just that, but not yet. There was a way out. She had clothes in her backpack in the back seat, she could pee right here. Suddenly it was fun again, and she was going to drive him insane.

Dillon saw the wheels turning in her head. Suddenly she flipped up the center console, and slid into the center seat. Now he was confused. She grabbed his right hand, pushed his fingers against her pee hole, and whispered into his ear, "help me hold it babe." He was turned on again instantly. She rested her head on his shoulder, if you could call it that, her entire body was tense with the effort of holding in 44oz of iced tea. She continued to use his hand to hold the torrent inside her bladder. It was throbbing, a painful 9.5/10.

They talked calmly about how nice their trip had been for about 5 more minutes, her words were forced and her legs were unbelievably tense the entire time. He could feel the sheer willpower through her every muscle. Then he heard it before he felt it, a soft hiss for a split second. He could feel a tiny damp spot on her jeans. She picked her head up off his shoulder, and whispered in his ear again, "babe it hurts so bad, I can't hold it anymore. Do you want me to pee my pants? Is that what you want?" It was incredibly seductive in sound.

"Yes" he choked out, his voice caught in his throat with excitement.

She uncrossed her legs, spread her knees a few inches assist, and relaxed. Hot pee poured through her jeans for what felt like an eternity. He wasn't pressing into her hard anymore, his hand just rested gently on her crotch. It felt so warm, and he still didn't fully believe it was actually happening.

SEXUAL CONTENT BEGIN

###

Fully empty Elizabeth relaxed next to him, put her head back on his shoulder, and then rubbed his leg gently, her pinky finger a fraction of an inch from his hard dick. She could see the imprint of it through his gym shorts.

"I kinda have to pee too" he said weakly, mind still reeling from the last 20 minutes.

She knew that he liked getting off when he had to go, but not too badly. She gently slid the waistband of his shorts down and pulled his dick out.

"Too bad for me to do this?" She asked as she gently stroked it, then bent slowly down and began giving him head.

"No it's perfect" he answered, voice weaker even yet. He really couldn't believe this was all happening. He fixated on the sensation, her small hands, her soft lips, and the dull pressure in his bladder heightening everything. He barely made it 3 minutes before finishing.

She left his dick out and watched it soften slowly, then grabbed her empty iced tea cup, removed the lid, and gently pointed his penis into it.

"You can go now too." She loved holding his penis while he went. If you told her a year ago that would get her off she'd have laughed in your face, but here she was doing it for the 3rd time and loving every second of it. His stream started slowly, then increased, and finished in about 30 seconds.

"I win," she said matter of factly.

"What?" He stammered, thoroughly confused

"I peed more. And in my pants. I win"

"Well you cheated."

She opened her mouth to respond, then closed it. Yeah she'd cheated. Suddenly she remembered all the cops not even 100 feet away. "Babe I just gave you a blow job with cops standing right there."

He burst out laughing. "Fuuuccckkkkk yeah you did. And that's why I love you so much"

She sat in her wet jeans for a few more minutes, thinking about how she couldn't wait for him to give her head when they got to her apartment. Then she stripped her bottom half off, cleaned up a bit with the baby wipes and toilet paper that Dillon always kept in the glove box, and slipped on a pair of Nike shorts. No panties.

She wanted so badly to rub herself, but maintained her self control until they got home, and it was so worth it.

###

Hope ya enjoyed it, critiques already welcome:)

*002*2019-05-17 07:53

Welp, 2 upvotes and 1 reply was all the encouragement I needed to turn this into a series so stay tuned;) I drive a lot, more drafting shall be done in my hours behind the wheel

*004*2019-05-19 07:57

For this chapter we're going to bank up to when Dillon and Elizabeth first started dating as seniors in highschool.

###

Dillon got off work Saturday evening and cruised over to Elizabeth's house to pick her up. He and his dad had just put the engine back in the old Dodge the weekend before and he'd been driving it to break it in.

He got to her house and walked in the front door. They were family friends and her parents liked him a lot. Her dad always made that clear. He couldn't believe after all these years they were finally dating. She was great and so was her family. Her dad was watching TV and greeted him.

"See y'all got that old Dodge running again. I know you're your dad's boy but I really wish you'd have built a Ford." Kevin was a hot rodder and a die hard Ford fan

"Nah Kev, you know Dodge makes the best trucks. Always has, always will."

He waved his hand as if to swat away the blasphemy. "Elizabeth's in her room working on that English paper that I know you haven't even started. I swear you'd be flunking if it weren't for my daughter."

"Both those statements are true," Dillon called back, walking down the hall to her room. The door was open and he poked his head in, "hey let's go wheeling, then hit the bonfire tonight."

She spun her chair around, "I need to finish this paper."

"We'll do it tomorrow. Come on it's Saturday, we're going."

She rolled her eyes, "ok give me 15 to change and we'll go."

Dillon sat in the living room and talked trucks with Kevin while he waited. Elizabeth came out a few minutes later having changed from her Nike shorts and tank top to a pair of jeans, hiking boots, and a long sleeve shirt. She grabbed her jacket out if the closet on their way out.

"So we're going wheeling?" She asked a Dillon backed out of the driveway.

"Well yeah I want to climb that hill and hit that mud hole out by Lane's house. Gotta make sure the new transfercase is working right."

She didn't know what that meant but nodded as if she did. She liked that he was into cars like her dad was.

They drove in silence until they hit the dirt road, and she decided to bring up their continued argument about college. "Are you going to school with me next year?"

"Are we doing this now?" He responded dryly. "Babe you know I'm miserable. I hate school. I like my job at the golf course and I like working for your dad."

"So you want to keep working for him and maybe take over the boat shop?"

"Elizabeth I'm 18. All I know is I'm not mentally prepared for another 4 years of school. Besides that-" he stopped short.

She could see the sadness in his eyes again. He slowly pulled his can of Copenhagen from his pocket and put a dip in, driving casually with his knee.

"You I know I hate that." She said firmly staring daggers into his cheek.

"We're already having one argument, let's not have 2." He couldn't look at her, fighting back tears. "Besides that, my dad's EKG came back this morning."

Her heart sank.

"It's irregular." A single tear slipped down Dillon's cheek. "I have to keep working, he's probably going to need another surgery."

Elizabeth felt the truck start slowing down and she looked back at him. "Ok, I get it. I just know how smart you are and I don't want to see you waste it."

"Mechanics need to be smart too Elizabeth. And I like being a mechanic."

She thought for a second. Her dad was one of the smartest men she knew. "Ok. Keep working. I like that plan."

They continued driving and after about 10 more minutes Elizabeth noticed a dull pressure in her bladder. Too much coffee today while she was writing her paper. "Wait you said you were going to write your paper tomorrow. You're working for my dad tomorrow."

"I never said IIII was going to write it." He responded smirking.

She rolled her eyes again. She wanted to tell him she had to pee, but not 3 days ago he'd admitted his fetish to her. She still hadn't quite wrapped her head around it.

"So if I have to pee, that turns you on right?"

He glanced over at her, "yes." He responded skeptical. "That was random."

"What if I pee my pants."

"Yes I also like that. I told you that I felt bad after that field trip, but I really liked it. Still random."

"Well I have to pee. Does that turn you on?"

He didn't really know what to say at this point. "Do you want me to stop?"

"I've never peed outside."

"So no."

"I don't know I kinda want to try it. I'm gonna have to learn at some point. I like wheeling with you."

He pulled the truck to the side of the dirt road. They was no one around for miles.

"Right here?" She asked.

"Babe we haven't seen another car for 20 minutes. There's no one out here."

"You can't watch."

"Obviously," he said as he made a point to look out his side window.

She didn't have to go bad, but she did have to go. She climbed out and left the door open so he couldn't sneak a look through the side mirror. She stepped a few steps away, pulled down her jeans, and squatted next to the rear tire. She tried to relax, but she really didn't think she could go. After about 30 seconds she was getting more nervous and tensing up. Almost a minute had passed when the first little bit dribbled out. Then a little more. Then it was flowing finally.

Dillon sat in the driver's seat, looking the opposite way, listening to her stream hit the ground, and trying not to think about how hot she was making him. "Not now," he mumbled to himself. They'd only been dating 2 months, and had yet to do anything more than kiss.

She finished and climbed back into the truck, "that wasn't as bad as I thought it'd be. Just took a minute to get started."

He was still staring out his window.

"Did I turn you on."

"Yep," he said shortly as he started the truck and began driving again. "But we're not gonna do anything about it because I like you waaaay too much to jump in that fast."

After about an hour of 4 wheeling they pulled up to the bonfire. Someone had scored a 30 pack of Coors. Elizabeth asked Dillon if he wanted any but he said no because he was driving. Elizabeth took that as the green light to drink. They talked, listened to music, and laughed late into the night. Elizabeth was halfway through her 3rd beer when she felt the first twinge. Right after she opened her 4th some of the guys left. She was halfway through it when more packed up. Then it was just Lane, Dillon, and Elizabeth.

"You can head home Lane," Dillon said. We'll put the fire out.

Elizabeth downed the last of the beer and tossed the can into the bed of his truck. Lane's parents didn't care if he drank so he always took the emptys. No one asked questions and all was good. He tossed his chair in the back and rolled out. Dillon and Elizabeth sat on the tailgate of his truck and watched the dying fire.

"I have to pee again," she said. "Pretty bad this time."

He hopped off the tailgate, "me too." He stepped away a few feet, facing away, unzipped his fly, and went.

Elizabeth crossed her legs watching. She didn't want to go outside again. Her first time earlier wasn't that bad, but it was uncomfortable and she would just wait until she was home.

Dillon sat back on the tailgate and without a word kissed her. She kissed back, putting her hand on the back of his head and pulling him in. Next thing she knew his hand was rubbing her leg, just a few inches from her crotch. She liked when he touched her, but they'd agreed to wait a little longer, and between the heat building between her legs, and the pee trying to force it's way out, she pulled back. "Do you WANT me to pee my pants?!? I had 4 beers babe I have to gooooo."

"We just talked about this. Are you telling me to turn me on, or telling me because you want to go home?"

She wasn't really sure. She thought for a second more. "Do you want me to pee my pants?" She asked again. More teasing this time.

"Wait. What?!?"

"Would you like that? If I peed my pants."

He pinched the bridge of his nose. "Ok I know it's an odd thing to be into, but I literally told you twice now. Yes I would very much like that."

She climbed off the tailgate and stood facing him a few feet away. She spread her legs shoulder width apart and looked him dead in the eyes.

"Babe no. What are you going to tell your parents?"

"I'll tell them I laughed too hard at the thing Lane said about 9 inch nails and peed. It's happened to me before. Not for awhile, but my mom knows."

She still hadn't moved and he still couldn't quite believe this might happen. There was no way, he told himself. It took her forever to go in the desert today there was no way she'd be able to go on purpose right now in her jeans.

She could see the wheels turning in his head and decided to up the ante. She stepped forward, kissed him hard while simultaneously grabbing his dick directly. Then she stepped back, spread get legs again, and it must've been the beer, but she started peeing instantly. Full force straight into her jeans.

He watched bewildered. She'd just touched him and was now pissing FULL FORCE into her jeans.

Her stream slowed, then stopped.

"Wow." He said, still not fully understanding what just happened.

"That's all you have to say?"

"Uhhhhh, wow."

"Throw some sand on the fire and take me home," she playfully said winking at him.

She climbed into the truck while he put the fire out. They rode home in silence, though she sat in the center with her head on his shoulder while he gently rubbed her leg, feeling the wet spot. He still didn't fully believe that had just happened. He'd only told her 3 days ago. This girl.

He walked her to the front door and gave her a quick kiss goodnight. He could see the TV was on, and though he desperately wanted to make out more, someone was in the living room.

She opened the door, walked in, and said to her mom in the most playful way possible, "mom look i peed my pants."

He barely heard this as he was walking down the steps to his truck. Kevin was going to kill him tomorrow.

*010*2019-09-30 07:27

This chapter is going to be pretty sexual. Again very loosely based on true events. Sorry for the hiatus, but I'm back now.

###

Dylan and Elizabeth went to a very small private school. 7 kids in their senior class and 19 in the entire highschool. Because of this they didn't have a traditional prom. Instead the whole school would go to dinner together at a nice restaurant and go do teenager stuff together. On the drive down Elizabeth decided that she wanted tonight to be extra special for both of them. They'd been dating 6 months now and she'd peed her pants for him once and let him take her top off twice and that was far as she was comfortable. Tonight though she decided she wanted a bit more.

At dinner she had half an iced tea and glass of water. She planned on pacing herself and remaining in control. She really didn't like the idea of wetting her best dress in front of the whole school. After dinner she was 3/10. They all went to the movies. She sipped a sprite still pacing herself. Dylan kept his hand gently on her leg rubbing it gently throughout the first half of the movie. She knew that he wasn't doing it on purpose but it made her need much feel much worse than it really was. Halfway through Dylan excused himself to pee, but Elizabeth stayed seated. When he came back he put his arm around her shoulders and she leaned into him, casually crossing her legs in the process.

She was a solid 6/10 at the end of the movie having barely finished half the sprite. She was still pacing herself,it was barely 10pm after all. Once again everyone piled into the cars and drove like teenagers to the 24 hour coffee shop downtown(college towns are great aren't they?). Elizabeth decided to throw caution to the wind now and ordered a large americano and a water. They all laughed and talked as they drank coffee later into the night. At almost 11:30 Elizabeth was bursting. 8.5/10. She whispered in Dylan's ear that she was ready to leave and that she had a surprise for him. As they were leaving Dylan tried to go to the bathroom but she tugged him out the door.

Safely in his car she buried her right hand in her crotch and reached over to his with her left. He looked down at his lap confused, then locked eyes with her. "Dylan, I've been holding all night, and I'm about to burst, but not yet. Let's go to the spot."

"Don't gotta tell me twice!" He started the car and drove quickly to their favorite makeout spot. An empty lot in a close neighborhood with a shrouded driveway and big gills all around it. Unless you actually drove in you couldnt see a car in there. He killed the lights, turned and kissed Elizabeth hard. "Babe you don't have to torture yourself like this, you know that right."

Elizabeth ignored him. "Get out. I want to hold your dick while you go."

They both piled out and walked to the nearest tree. Standing next to him Elizabeth undid his belt, then his slacks, then reached in his boxers and pulled out his halfway hard dick. She pointed it down and waited for almost 30 seconds while he tried to relax enough to go.

"Sorry babe, I'm not exactly used to pissing with someone else holding it."

She laughed. "It's ok love, just go."

Finally the stream started, soft at first then getting stronger, and coming to a stop after about 20 seconds. It was pure torture for Elizabeth. She was pushing a 9/10. As soon as he was done she shook the extra pee out of it, and without hesitation knelt down and put it in her mouth. Left hand buried against her pee hole, right hand wrapped around the base of his dick while she sucked and bobbed. She'd never done this before, but had watched a few tutorials last night.

###

Dylan was in a state of pure ecstasy. He didn't know what had gotten into her, but he was here for it. He'd never gotten this far with a girl and only ever kissed 2 girls that weren't Elizabeth. He tipped his head back and relaxed.

###

Elizabeth finished him with her hand, then looked up at him. Staying on her knees she hitched her dress up just above her hips revealing pink panties, and finally relaxed her aching sphincter muscles. Pee poured out of her, splashing before soaking the soft earth. She looked up at Dylan's face, he was confused and ecstatic in one. After over a minute she finally stopped, stood up and let her dress fall back into place in one motion, kissed Dylan on the cheek, then turned and walked back to his car. She called over her shoulder at him, "put your dick away and take me home, we both have to work tomorrow."

