Does… she know?

Author: Cherry69

*000*2024-04-16 21:37

“I missed you” She whispers to me, softly. A shiver goes down my spine as she runs her tongue along the lobe of my ear. I squirm in her embrace, I drank too much at dinner. Tipsy, we’ve stumbled our way into the park by my apartment. The trees form shadows of darkness that are contrasted by the moonlight. It would be beautiful, if I didn't have to pee so fucking bad. I shift and tangle her fingers between mine, a feeble attempt to pull our march forward. Her feet stay planted on the ground, as she gazes up at the stars. Worry furrowing my brow- my leg twitches. “What’s the rush? You could have me here in the dewy grass if you wanted.” She flirts.

My cheeks burn and I bite my lip, why does she have to do this to me? Why now? We’re just getting to know each other and now I am going to piss myself. She moves closer to me and we stand in the darkness. I struggle to maintain my posture and keeping my hands out of my crotch is becoming impossible. She can feel my tension, I know it. She smiles at me, sneaky. My cheeks blush bright pink in the darkness. Her fingers twist themselves within the locks of brown hair that curl above my neck. She looks into my eyes, I’m frozen. Overcome by pain and desire. Our lips meet, soft and sweet.

She sucks my lower lip and pulls away. Face to face she whispers to me “Do you have to pee?”. I can’t get any words out so I tilt my head into a telling nod. Her fingers find their way down to my zipper but I stop her, pulling both my hands firmly between my legs. “No one will see you go baby.” I shake my head “no” quickly. “I cant-“ I muster and by now I am on the verge of tears. One beer rushing through my body quicker than the last. I shift from side to side in front of Jessica.

“Are you… shy?” She asks, choosing her words carefully. I couldn’t even force it out at the restaurant, there is no way i’ll be able to whip it out in a dark park. I give up trying to potty dance and sink to the ground. Hugging my knees in the grass under the trees. “You must think I’m a total loser.” I can’t look up at her. She crouches down to meet my eye level, using two fingers she lifts my chin up for a kiss. Her soft lips meet mine and I feel myself start to dribble into my boxers. The familiar warmth soothes me… even in this moment. “Can you go in your pants baby?” She soothes rubbing my knee.

My face still practically buried into my knees I watch her fingers swirl as I contemplate the offer. I look up at her like a puppy dog who is unsure of what to do. “Its okay… I like that you’re pee shy.” She stammers, blushing now too. Our eyes meet and we make the kind of eye contact you make when you’ve finally found that person who can understand things about you in a way that no other could. I part my legs a little, still sitting on the ground. My wet crotch now visible to her, she crawls in between my spread legs but not too close.

“Your bladder must hurt... You poor thing, please go pee for me baby?” She pleads. I feel myself still blushing but my lips twist into a little smile. “Can- can you hold my hand?” I muster, and she does. Her delicate fingers in mine. She smiles at me so sweet that I almost swear that its love, and I let go. I’ve been holding for so long and ive had to go so bad a thick stream comes bursting out of me, unable to pool into my pants fast enough starts to squirt out the front of my pants towards her. Both hands dart between my legs I squirm around in the puddle but I can’t stop the flow now.

“It’s okay!” She reassures, her eyes transfixed on me as if I were glowing. Relief begins to wash over me, my bladder aches, still pushing out a steady stream soaking my legs and whatever poor unsuspecting earth that is underneath me. I can hear myself whimpering as this is happening but I cant control it, I can’t control anything at this point… Overwhelmed, tears escape my eyes. She kisses one off my cheek, pulling me into her. She kneels before me, her bare knees in the pissy grass and i bury my head into her chest.

She hugs me tightly while running her fingers through my hair. “it’s okay, you did so good, are you all done?” She whispers to me. I nod, my face still buried in her breasts to hide my shame. It feels good to be held.. especially now. She pulls me in tighter and I melt in her arms holding back tears of embarrassment. She rubs my back before grabbing my hand and running it up her skirt. She places my hand over her panties that are… Soaked- but not for the same reason. I look up at her… curious. She whispers to me for a final time: “thats was so hot.”

Please comment if you’d like me to continue this!

