Renamon Learns Bathroom Etiquette

Author: Char242

*000*2018-08-23 04:52

Author's note: For those who don't watch Digimon or don't remember what Renamon looks like, I have added a picture.

It was late afternoon as Rika Nonaka opened the sliding door to her bedroom. In her hands was a tray with juice and snacks loaded on top of it. She placed the tray on the small table and sat down. All the while she never took her eyes off the guest sitting across from her. Never in her wildest dreams did she think that she would be in the same room as a real-life Digimon. As she poured the juice into a cup, she kept her gaze fixed on the yellow fox. “So Renamon, why did you decide to become my Digimon?” asked Rika.

“You are my Tamer because you wished it to be,” replied Renamon in a calm tone.

“I know that, but I want to know why you offered to become mine in the first place.”

“I want to become strong and you want to be the strongest Tamer. Our interests intersect.”

“I see,” said Rika before taking a drink from her cup. As she moved the glass away from her lips, she noticed that the fox was staring intently at the orange liquid inside. Renamon’s icy blue stare was beginning to make Rika nervous. “What are you looking at?” The fox remained silent, her focus on the sweet aroma that seemed familiar yet different. Rika slowly raised the glass back to her lips and began to drink.

“What is that liquid? It does not look or smell like water.”

“It’s juice, you know the stuff inside fruit.”

“Is it good?”

“I wouldn’t drink it if it wasn’t,” replied Rika as she took another sip.

“May I have a taste?” asked the curious Digimon. Renamon’s request made Rika choke. As Rika began choking, she dropped the glass, its contents spilling on the table. Renamon shot upwards and ran behind the choking girl. “This juice must be poisoned!” shouted Renamon as she grabbed the bottle of juice and prepared to throw it.

“Don’t!” choked Rika as she snatched the bottle out of Renamon’s hands. “It’s not poisoned. What you said earlier was so weird that it caused me to choke.” Rika stood up and before exiting the room stated, “I’m going to get something to clean up this mess. Don’t leave this room and don’t touch anything.” As soon as Rika was gone, Renamon walked back to her seat. A few moments later, Rika came back with a towel and began cleaning the mess on the table.

As Renamon watched Rika scrub the table, she asked, “What could I have said that was so strange?”

“You asked for a taste,” replied Rika as she finished cleaning the table.

“Is that strange?”

“Of course,” said Rika as she placed the bottle of juice and the snacks back on the table.

“Why?”

“Why? You’re a Digimon and Digimon are made of code. Your nothing but a bunch of ones and zeros so why would you need to taste anything?”

“While it is true that I am made of data, Digimon in both the Real and Digital Worlds require food and water,” answered the fox. “Now can I please have a taste of that juice or something to drink? The journey here from the Digital World has made me quite parched.”

“Knock yourself out,” replied Rika as she handed the glass over to Renamon. Having never seen or used a glass before, Renamon cautiously took the glass and repeated the same movements she had seen Rika use just moments earlier. As the first few drops hit her throat, Renamon’s eyes lit up.

“It’s sweet,” exclaimed Renamon as she looked down at the liquid in the glass. She wanted more but thought that it was not her place to drink it as she had only asked for a taste. Renamon slowly placed the glass on the table and pushed it towards Rika.

Rika pushed it back and said, “You can have it.”

“Really?” asked the fox, trying to hold back her excitement as she picked up the glass. “You are very kind.”

“No, I’m not,” replied Rika, shocking the fox. “To me, you’re nothing but a tool to further my ambition to be the strongest Digimon Tamer. However, even tools are useless if they are not kept in good condition. Therefore, I will give you what you need. But don’t think for a moment that I will ever see you as more than a bunch of ones and zeroes.” Suddenly the fox began chuckling. “What’s so funny?”

The fox stopped laughing and gave her an icy stare, “While I might only be ones and zeros to you, you are only a human to me, a tool without which I cannot digivolve. I will serve as your Digimon only on the condition that you help make me stronger.” Renamon guzzled down the contents of the glass and placed it on the table. “Knowing that, do you still want to be my Tamer?

“Of course,” smiled Rika. “The fact that we understand each other works out perfectly for me.”

“Good,” replied Renamon. “Now can I have some more of that juice stuff?”

“Sure,” answered Rika as she poured Renamon another glass. “Drink and eat as much as you want. I need you in top shape if I am to become the best Tamer this world has ever seen.”

“I will,” said the fox Digimon as she began working on her second glass.

###

Almost an hour later, Renamon had polished off almost a full liter of juice and was just finishing a small bag of potato chips. As she licked the salt off her fingers, she began to feel a dull throbbing in her bladder. She shifted her body in discomfort. Rika noticed this and asked, “Is something wrong? Are you feeling sick?”

“No,” replied Renamon. Trying to change the subject, she stated, “These crispy things make my throat dry.”

“That’s because they are potato chips which tend to be salty. I’ll go get you some more juice,” said Rika. Renamon didn’t really want anymore, but she thought it would be rude to reject her Tamer’s offer. The fox Digimon waited quietly for Rika to return. Rika reentered the room minutes later with another full liter of juice. She grabbed Renamon’s glass and began filling it up. “Here you are. Drink up.”

“Thank you,” uttered the fox as she downed the glass. By this point, the pain was slowly beginning to grow. As she placed the glass down, she watched as Rika leaned over the table and refilled the glass. Unable to reject Rika, the fox continued to drink.

###

By the end of the second hour, Renamon had finished the second liter of juice and was desperately crossing her legs. “Hey Renamon, is everything okay?” asked Rika as she looked at the squirming fox.

“I drank too much of that juice stuff,” said the fox as she slowly stood up. “Can you point me to a forest or field? I really need to urinate.”

“Gross!” blushed Rika.

“What? Do humans not urinate outdoors?”

“Generally not. It’s considered disgusting and uncivilized. Depending on where you are, peeing outside can get you into trouble. And since you’re my Digimon, you could end up getting me into trouble by extension.”

“Where am I supposed to go then?”

“In the toilet of course!” cried Rika.

Renamon cocked her head, “What is a toilet?”

“It’s where we humans do our business,” replied Rika.

“Do you have one of these toilet things?”

“Of course we do,” answered Rika. “Almost every house in this day and age has one. Follow me.” Renamon did as she was told. As they stepped out of Rika’s room, Renamon noticed for the first time how large Rika’s home was. Her backyard was dotted with trees, bushes, and it even had a large pond. Walking past it, Renamon couldn’t help but think that the area would have made a great place to relieve herself. She was ripped from her thoughts by Rika stating, “Here it is.” Renamon looked at the room in front of her. “What are you waiting for?” asked Rika. “Just go inside already. Also, be sure to close the door when using the toilet. I’ll be waiting for you back in my room.” Just before she turned the corner, she shouted “And don’t destroy anything!” And with that, she was gone.

Renamon entered the room and shut the door. The room was small and had a large white object attached to the wall that seemed to take up most of the space in the room. Walking over to the object, she cocked her head and asked herself, “Is this the toilet thing Rika was talking about? How does one go about using it?” She walked closer to it and began inspecting it. Renamon got down on her knees and noticed that the object seemed to have layers. Wondering if she could move the layers, she pushed up on the first one. She pushed it back as far as she could. Beneath the first layer was a second layer and beneath the second layer was a bunch of water. Lifting up the second layer, Renamon peeked her head towards the water.

“What a strange looking pond,” she muttered to herself as she stared at the water. Her eyes then shifted to a hole that was submerged by water. Wanting to get a closer look without having to stick her head inside the object, she climbed up on the object and squatted over the water. A few seconds later, her attention turned to a small object jutting out of the side the white object. Out of curiousity, she pushed down on the small object. Just then a roaring noise filled the room, startling her to the point that she fell backward off the white object and onto the floor.

Renamon managed to get to her knees just fine but found it difficult to stand back up. Gripping the sides of the object for support, she tried to lift herself up. As she did so, she felt something click under her fingers. Suddenly a spurt of water shot out of the white object, slamming into her face. Thinking quickly, she used one hand to block the spray and her other hand to press the spot that had clicked. The spray stopped instantly. “What sort of trap is this?” she whispered to herself as she cautiously backed away from the object. “I don’t care if there is a toilet somewhere in here. I am not staying in here any longer.” Renamon opened the door and exited the room. Her head was wet. She began vigorously shaking her head to get the excess water out of her fur, causing water droplets to splatter all over the walls and ceiling.

Satisfied that she had gotten most of the water out of her fur, she began walking back towards Rika’s room. As she did, she could feel her bladder pounding. It was almost as if it was screaming at her to find a place to pee. She was halfway to Rika’s room when she saw the area with trees and bushes from earlier. Remembering how she used to relieve herself outside, her body began to move towards the large bushes. It was almost as if she were in a trance, the bushes pulling her towards them with a siren’s song. She was a few feet away from them when Rika’s words about peeing outside snapped her back into reality. Not wanting to cause Rika any trouble, Renamon turned around and walked back into the house, but not without giving one last look at the bushes. Realizing that she had no other option, she walked back to the room with the waterfilled trap.

Stepping inside the room, Renamon quickly shut the door behind her. She looked at the white object again and offered a low growl. There was no way that such an evil thing could be the toilet. Renamon’s gaze then shifted to the ground beneath her. As she looked at it, she realized that it was made of different material than the ground in Rika’s room. The ground in Rika’s room and in the hallway was made of wood. The ground in this room seemed to be made of some sort of stone.

Suddenly an idea hit her. That white object with a lake in it wasn’t the toilet. Rather the toilet was the stone stuff underneath her feet. Satisfied that she had finally figured it out, she slowly lowered herself into a squatting position. She then placed her hands on the stone in front of her and began to lean forward much the same way a female dog would. As she began to relax, a thick clear stream jutted out from between her legs. She found the sound of her piss slapping the stone to be quite soothing. In fact, it reminded her of peeing outdoors. As the puddle beneath her began to grow in size, she couldn’t help but wonder what purpose the white object behind her served.

###

Rika was sitting on the floor in her room anxiously waiting for Renamon to return. She had her arms wrapped around her knees and was beginning to rock back and forth. Her bladder was throbbing like crazy. While she had hardly drank anything, just watching Renamon guzzle down almost two liters of juice was enough to make her need to pee. It had been almost ten minutes since Rika had parted ways with Renamon. Surely the fox should have found her way back by now. Unable to take it anymore, Rika painfully rose to her feet, exited the room, and began walking down the hallway towards the bathroom. She was a few steps away from the bathroom when she saw the droplets of water on the walls and ceiling. More concerned about relieving herself than the water on the walls and ceiling, Rika walked up to the bathroom door. Suddenly she felt something wet beneath her feet.

Looking down, she saw that something was coming out from beneath the bathroom door. As she reached for the door, she could hear a wet, slapping sound. Without hesitation, Rika threw open the door. What she saw shocked her. Renamon was positioned almost like a female dog. Beneath her was a large puddle that had already spread a distance of almost three feet. Rika’s attention then shifted to Renamon’s stream. The intensity or Renamon’s stream reminded Rika of a hose on full blast and from the looks of it, it didn’t seem like the stream would stop anytime soon. If things kept going like this, the part of the hallway in front of the bathroom would become completely drenched. With no other option, Rika screamed at the top of her lungs, “STOP THAT RIGHT NOW!!!” Renamon immediately pinched off her stream.

“What’s wrong Rika?” asked the confused fox.

“What’s wrong?” repeated Rika, anger starting to boil up inside of her. “Why the hell aren’t you using the toilet?”

“But I am using the toilet,” answered the fox.

“No, you’re not. You’re peeing on the floor. Get up now!” ordered Rika. Renamon did as she was told. “Follow me and try not to step in the puddle.” Renamon followed Rika out of the bathroom and down the hallway towards a closet where Rika retrieved some rags and cleaning supplies.

As they walked back to the bathroom, Renamon shifted her head down. In her attempt to not cause trouble for Rika, she had only succeeded in causing it. She began to think to herself that she would have been better off just peeing outside. Renamon, clenching her fists in anger at the stupid mistake she had made said, “I’m sorry Rika. I didn’t know. Allow me to clean up the mess.”

Rika noticed Renamon’s frustration. In an attempt to make Renamon feel better, she replied, “Look Renamon, part of this was my fault for assuming that you knew what a toilet is. So, we’ll both clean this up together. However, if it happens again, you can clean it up yourself.”

“Alright,” agreed Renamon. The girl and the Digimon then set about cleaning the floor.

###

It took almost twenty minutes to clean the floor. By the time they finished, there was no trace of Renamon’s accident anywhere. The moment they were done, the two girls gathered the cleaning supplies and set them outside of the bathroom. “What now?” asked Renamon, her bladder still half full.

“I don’t know about you, but I need to pee,” answered Rika as she reentered the bathroom. Renamon grabbed the door before Rika could close it. “What are you doing?” cried Rika as she desperately tried to close the door.

“I want you to show me how it’s supposed to be done,” replied Renamon. “This way we can prevent this from happening again.”

“No way!” screamed Rika as she pressed her full weight on the door. But no matter how much force she used, she couldn’t get the door to close.

“Why not?” asked the fox.

“Because it’s embarrassing!” screamed Rika. Suddenly she felt something wet hit her panties. Luckily for her it was only a small spurt, but it wouldn’t be long until the entire damn burst. “Renamon, please just let go. If you don’t, I’m going to wet myself.” Rika watched as Renamon let go of the door.

“I’m sorry. I was so busy thinking about myself that I didn’t think about how you might be feeling. I’ll just pee outside from now on.” Renamon then turned her back and said, “Don’t worry, I won’t let anybody see me.” Before she could even take a step, she felt a hand on her shoulder. Turning around, she saw that Rika was looking down at the floor, her face bright red.

“I’m only going to show you once. If you tell anybody about this I swear it will be the last thing you ever do.” Rika then backed up a bit so that Renamon could enter the bathroom. Once the door was closed, Rika walked over to the toilet and put the seat down.

“Why did you put it down?” asked Renamon.

“I put the seat down because I don’t want to fall in when I go to sit down,” she replied. Rika then turned her back to the toilet, unbuckled her pants, and pulled them down along with her panties. The moment she sat down, a loud hissing filled the room. She placed her hand above her crotch to give herself some sense of privacy. However, Renamon’s naturally icy stare was beginning to make her feel uncomfortable. “Do you think you could look the other way? You’re creeping me out.”

“As you wish,” answered Renamon as she averted her eyes. About a minute and a half later, the hissing stopped. Renamon then heard the sound of something ripping. Her curiosity getting the best of her, Renamon looked at Rika who had something white in her hands. “What’s that?”

“It’s toilet paper,” replied Rika. “You use it to clean yourself when you’re done.” Renamon watched in silence as Rika demonstrated. When Rika was finished, she stood up and pulled up her pants. “When you’re done, pull down this lever to flush.” Renamon watched as Rika pushed the lever. The fox couldn’t help but flinch at the familiar sound.

Rika was just getting ready to leave when Renamon asked, “Do you think you could watch me my first time to make sure I’m doing it right?”

“I don’t…”

“Please,” interrupted the fox, her hand now holding her bladder.

“Fine. Just do as I showed you.”

“Alright,” agreed Renamon as she moved her tail out of the way and slowly sat on the toilet. Seconds later, Renamon released a waterfall into the toilet beneath her. She breathed a sigh of relief. As she listened to the sound of her own water hitting the water below, she thought to herself that this wasn’t so bad. Although secretly, she still preferred peeing outside better. After a couple minutes of sweet relief, Renamon’s stream petered out into only a few droplets. She then grabbed a piece of toilet paper and mimicked Rika’s earlier motions. Once she was done, she got up and flushed.

“See, that wasn’t so hard,” said Rika. “But from now on, if you don’t understand something, let me know so that this doesn’t happen again.” As the two headed back to Rika’s room, she couldn’t help but think that for better or worse, her life was certainly about to get a lot more interesting.

