A Harmony Dragon's Desperation: Elma`s Pee-filled Night

Author: Char242

*000*2018-03-18 05:03

Author's note: This story takes place during the events of When the Snow Falls. It is more pee based than its predecessor and will be told in two parts.

It was a cold day in the latter half of January and Elma was busy working. While in her home world she was a dragon in the harmony faction, in our world she was an ordinary office worker. On this day, she was working at top speed in the hopes of getting out early to catch a sale on her favorite snacks at the local grocery store. As she pounded away at the keyboard, she overheard one of her coworkers say something about how management had placed a new energy drink in the vending machines in the break room. Having never partaken of an energy drink before, Elma decided to try it. Elma stopped by the machine during her break and bought one. As she popped the tab and took a sip, an explosion of sweet flavor enveloped her taste buds. “Soooooo goooood!!!” she cried before taking a larger gulp.

“You better be cautious with those. They’re highly addictive,” warned a voice behind her. Turning around, Elma saw Kobayashi standing behind her and she looked exhausted.

“I’m fine,” said Elma proudly sticking her chest out, “I am a dragon who won’t fall prey to the addictiveness of something created by humans.” The irony of it though was that since coming to this world, she had become addicted to all sorts of snacks and sweets. This energy drink would be no different.

“Whatever you say,” said Kobayashi as she rolled her eyes and walked away.

The minute she was out of sight, Elma chugged the rest of the drink. As the last drop hit her tongue, she felt a pinch of sadness at having drunken it so quickly. Looking down at the now empty can, she decided to buy another to take back to her desk. By the time she finished her work, she had drunk six 8oz cans of the energy drink. Getting up from her desk, Elma could feel a small throbbing in her bladder.

She then decided that she would make a quick pit stop at the restroom before leaving the building. However, this idea was quickly scrapped when she realized what time it was. It was almost 4 o’clock and the sale was going to be starting in a matter of minutes. Walking past the restrooms and towards the elevator, Elma couldn’t help but look longingly at the women’s restroom. However, her desire to buy as many snacks for as little money as possible was far greater than her current desire for the bathroom. She proceeded to board the elevator to the first floor and left, all the while thinking that she could wait until she got back to her apartment.

###

Elma arrived at the supermarket with plenty of time to spare. The moment the sale started, she began loading her shopping cart with the best snacks she could find at the cheapest price as payday wasn’t for another week or so. By the time she paid for her snacks and exited the building, it was about 5 o’clock. As Elma began moving, she could feel another throbbing sensation in her bladder, this time a little stronger than the one before. She quickly picked up her pace as she began making her way through the crowded streets.

Suddenly somebody grabbed the back of her arm. Looking back, she saw it was Kobayashi and with her was the purple-haired boy called Shouta. The next thing Elma knew, Kobayashi was asking her if she could watch the little dragon known as Kanna. At first Elma told Kobayashi no because she was in hurry to make it back to her apartment so that she could relieve herself. However, the promise of a free trip to an all-you-can-eat cake buffet quickly made her change her mind. After saying yes to Kobayashi’s request, Elma was given a key and then watched as Kobayashi and the boy took off in hurry for the train station. “I wonder what that’s all about,” she muttered to herself as she began making her way to Kobayashi’s apartment as snow began falling from the sky.

…

When she was about half-way to the apartment, the throbbing started up again, except this time it was stronger and it didn’t go away. Each step she took only seemed to make things worse and she could practically feel the pee sloshing around her bladder. All she could do was try to think of something else as she prayed that she would quickly arrive at Kobayashi’s apartment where she could relieve herself. Minutes later, she arrived at the apartment, only to remember that she would need to climb several flights of stairs. Walking up each stair felt like torture for the poor dragon as the up and down motion of her legs climbing each step jostled her bladder.

“Just a little bit more,” she panted, fighting the urge to squat down then and there and let it flow. However, just as she hit the second to last section of steps, she felt a small squirt hit her panties, the shock of which caused her to fall to her knees. “There is no way a proud dragon such as myself is going to lose to a bodily function,” she cried as she clenched her hands over her crotch. She took a few deep breaths to try to gather herself. 

As she tried to think of something else to take her mind off the pain, she suddenly remembered that she had blocked her earlier desire to go to the bathroom by thinking about food. Reaching into one of her bags, she grabbed a box of pocky and removed a couple of the chocolate-coated biscuit sticks. Placing the chocolate-covered ends in her mouth, she began to suck on it. Within a matter of seconds, she could feel the pain in her bladder begin to subside as her desire to pee was once again blocked out. Once the pain was manageable enough that she could stand back up, Elma grabbed her bags and finished the climb up the stairs.

By the time she reached the apartment door, she had almost completely blocked out the urge to pee. As Elma unlocked the door and entered, she could hear the floor creaking under small footsteps as a young girl’s voice called out, “Welcome home.” Kanna entered the hallway just as Elma was removing her shoes over by the door. Upon seeing that the person who had entered the apartment was neither Kobayashi nor Tohru, Kanna coldly said, “Oh, it’s just you. What do you want? Are you here because you want free snacks?”

“As a matter of fact, I’m not,” replied a smiling Elma, the throbbing vein in her forehead betraying the fact that she was offended by the little dragon’s assertion that she would come by for such a reason. Of course to the child’s defense, Elma had done that a few times prior to earning her first paycheck in this world. “I’m here because Miss Kobayashi asked me to come watch you in her stead as something important came up.”

“Fafnir is already watching me, so you can leave,” declared Kanna.

“I don’t care. Miss Kobayashi asked me to watch you and that’s just what I’m going to do. Now tell me where Fafnir is.” The harmony dragon watched as Kanna turned around and went back to the living room. Elma followed her and was surprised to see the older dragon who was supposed to be watching this young child, instead had his eyes glued to a videogame, a headset covering his ears. The living area was a mess with crayons and snack crumbs littering the kotatsu and floor. It was painfully clear to Elma why she had been asked to come and watch the little dragon girl. “Miss Kobayashi asked me to come here and watch Kanna. There is no need for you to stay,” said Elma as she stared at Fafnir. However, the male dragon did not respond. She tried once more, but still Fafnir did not respond. “That does it!” she screamed as she walked right in front of the T.V. Unfortunately, Elma’s stepping in front of the T.V. indirectly caused the character in Fafnir’s game to die.

“YOU MADE ME LOSE!!” screamed Fafnir as his red eyes filled with murderous rage. As he glared at her, Elma felt a few drops of urine seep into her slightly soiled panties.

“I’m sorry,” she whined as she stepped away from the T.V., her body shaking in fear.

“What do you want?” asked Fafnir as he began to calm down a little.

“I was trying to tell you that Miss Kobayashi asked me to watch Kanna and now that I’m here, you can go home.”

“I’m staying,” replied Fafnir coldly as he resumed his game from the last checkpoint. Elma thought about possibly using force to get him to leave, but decided against it after having wet herself a little because of his glare. Suddenly Elma felt a small tug on the back of her skirt. Turning around, she saw Kanna standing behind her.

“I’m hungry,” whined Kanna, “what’s for dinner?”

Elma was shocked at what she was hearing. She hadn’t been asked to feed this child nor did she know when Kobayashi was getting back. As she thought about what to do, a loud buzzing filled the room as something in Elma’s skirt pocket began vibrating. The sudden vibration near her crotch caught her off guard and her body twitched as she felt a couple more drops leak into her panties. She quickly grabbed the device that humans called a “cellular phone” and removed it from her pocket. Elma had just gotten one about a week earlier and was still learning how to properly use it. “Hello. Who may I ask is calling?” she answered as she flipped open the phone

“Elma, its Kobayashi,” replied the voice on the other line. “I forgot to ask you to make dinner for Kanna since I don’t know when I’ll be back. Would you mind feeding her? There should be some supplies in the kitchen to make curry.”

“No problem,” replied Elma. Suddenly she remembered that she had never made it before. Not wanting to look incompetent, the dragon asked, “Is there a specific recipe you would like me to use?”

“Any recipe should be fine, but if you’re really worried about it, there should be a recipe in the kitchen.” There was a short pause. “Shoot, my phone battery is low. I’ll text you if I think of anything else. Bye.”

“I guess I’m making curry,” stated Elma as she closed her flip phone.

“Is it mild?” asked Fafnir.

“You’re not getting any,” replied Elma, angry at Fafnir’s selective hearing. Fafnir responded by making a disgruntled “tch” sound. A few seconds later Elma received a text from Kobayashi which she read out loud: “If Fafnir is still there, please feed him too. P.S. Fafnir does not like his curry spicy.” As she read over the text once more, she screamed to herself, “I have to feed him too!”

“Will it be mild?” asked Fafnir in a condescending tone. Elma could have sworn that she saw a triumphant smile creep across Fafnir’s face, if even just for a split second.

“Fine, I’ll go make it,” she said as she decided there was no use in arguing. However, as she turned and walked into the kitchen she muttered under her breath, “I hope you choke on it.”

“What was that?” asked Fafnir, his eyes never leaving the game.

“I didn’t say anything,” cried Elma as she did her best not to tremble in fear. As she began making preparations for dinner, she began wondering what in the world was going on anyway.

………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………….

It was six o’clock when the three dragons sat down to dinner. As they were eating, Elma’s curiosity got the best of her and so she asked Fafnir what was going on. “Lucoa is planning on moving back to our world permanently,” replied Fafnir.

“I’m guessing Tohru went with her then?” asked Elma. Fafnir nodded. It was at this point that Kanna who had not been aware of the situation until now came to the mistaken belief that Tohru was not coming back. A few minutes had passed before Elma noticed that Kanna had stopped eating. “Is the curry bad?”

“Takiya’s is better,” interjected Fafnir.

“Who asked you?” screamed Elma. While she knew her cooking skills were subpar, Fafnir’s comments still hurt. “If my cooking is so bad, then you don’t have to eat it.”

“I never said it was bad,” said Fafnir as he stuffed another spoonful into his mouth.

“So, then it’s good?”

“It’s edible,” replied Fafnir. Elma quickly realized that maybe that was Fafnir’s way of complimenting her. Suddenly she heard sobbing. Elma turned to Kanna and noticed that the young dragon girl was crying. “What’s wrong?”

“Lady Tohru is not coming back, is she?” sobbed Kanna.

“I don’t know sweetie,” replied Elma as she wrapped her arms around the little dragon girl. “Although I bet that if she does try to leave, Miss Kobayashi will stop her and bring her right back here. At least that is what it looked like she was trying to do when I ran into her earlier.” Elma’s words seemed to have worked as Kanna soon calmed down.

…

After the three dragons had finished eating, Fafnir went back to his game while Elma began the process of cleaning up. As she did so, Elma noticed that Kanna had started following her like a chick following its mother. Elma figured that Kanna was doing this because she was scared and lonely, so she allowed the girl to follow her around. The moment that Elma began doing the dishes, she remembered something important. Watching as water came flowing down from the faucet, Elma realized that she had been so distracted by everything going on that she still hadn’t gone to the bathroom. The moment she realized that, she could feel the throbbing pain start up again. She had one more thing to clean: the curry pot.

As she scrubbed the pot, she noticed that the residue inside wasn’t coming off. Desperately squeezing her legs together, Elma began scrubbing as hard as she could. But the residue remained. With the pot still in hand, she took a step back and tripped over Kanna before falling to the floor. As she fell, she felt a spurt of pee come out, this time a little bit more than the three previous times. Within seconds of Elma hitting the floor, the pot came down, splashing the crotch of her skirt with hot water in the process.

The incident must have been very loud because seconds later Fafnir was standing in the kitchen’s entryway looking down at Elma. “You’re too loud. I can’t focus on my game.” Before Elma could say anything, Fafnir noticed the pot on the floor and scooped it up. “Seriously, if you want to remove the residue you need to soak it in warm soapy water first.” Then much to Elma’s shock, Fafnir actually began cleaning it.

“Thank you,” she said as she stood up. Of course she still hadn’t realized that the crotch of her skirt was now completely soaked.

“Did you wet yourself?” asked Fafnir, as he turned his head and stared at the wet skirt.

“The pot spilled on her,” declared Kanna before Elma could respond. Elma was truly grateful to the girl for defending her although she had to wonder if either Kanna or Fafnir could smell the little bit of urine that had seeped into her panties and was now beginning to run down her legs.

“I’m going to go change,” said Elma. Walking out of the kitchen, she noticed a laundry basket with what looked like a pair of Kobayashi’s pants inside. Grabbing the pair of pants, she stated, “Since I don’t have anything else to wear, I’ll just borrow these. I’m sure Miss Kobayashi will understand.” Elma then began making her way to the bathroom. As she opened the bathroom door, she realized that Kanna was still following her. “I’m sorry but there are somethings that a dragon needs to do alone.” And with that, she entered the bathroom and closed the door.

She quickly hiked up her skirt, pulled down her soiled panties, and sat down. The instant that she sat down, the urine stream began to flow and a smile of relief came across her face. “I didn’t think I was going to make it,” she muttered to herself. Elma blushed a little as she realized that the sound of her stream hitting the toilet water was almost deafening. Suddenly she noticed something that looked like a purple ball squeeze under the door. It took her a couple of seconds to realize that it was Kanna’s tail and that the girl was sitting outside of the bathroom waiting for her.

The thought that Kanna might be able to hear everything that was going on made Elma self-conscious to the point that her stream automatically stopped and would not start again. Having not even released a fourth of what was in her bladder, Elma wiped herself off, stood up, and flushed. She then took off her soiled panties, which at this point were around her knees, and her wet skirt as well. Looking down at her white panties which were now stained yellow, Elma decided that she would rather go pantyless than put the soiled piece of cloth back on. She then reached down and grabbed the pair of pants that she had borrowed from the laundry basket.

As she slipped them on, she could once again feel a throbbing in her bladder. It was bad enough that she was unable to button the pants so instead she just covered it with her shirt. As she prepared to leave the bathroom, she thought to herself that she must have gone enough to at least take some of the pressure off so that she could manage for a couple more hours. Of course what she failed to realize was that peeing without completely emptying the bladder only makes the urge to go worse later on.

…

Not long after coming out of the bathroom, Elma decided to sit down on the couch and watch Fafnir play videogames as she had nothing better to do. Within seconds of Elma sitting down on the couch, Kanna laid down right next to her and then proceeded to plop her head down on Elma’s lap. The pressure of Kanna’s head on Elma’s bladder sent a shockwave of pain through Elma’s body, causing her to spasm a bit. She couldn’t help but wince in pain. Kanna seemed to notice Elma’s discomfort and lifted her head. “Did I hurt you?” Kanna asked looking deep into Elma’s eyes.

Doing her best to put on a brave face, Elma replied “I’m fine. I was just caught off guard is all. You can keep laying your head on my lap if you want.” After being reassured by Elma that it was alright, Kanna laid her head back down on Elma’s lap, this time more gently then before. As Kanna rested her head on Elma’s lap, Elma began gently patting the girl’s head. It was so soothing that the little dragon soon fell asleep. Elma ended up falling asleep about thirty minutes later.

…

Elma was awoken by the sound of keys jingling and the apartment door opening. As she opened her eyes and looked at the clock, she realized that it was almost 9:30 p.m. In the process of getting up from the couch, Elma accidentally woke up Kanna who had still been sleeping in her lap. The moment that Kobayashi and Tohru came into the living area, Kanna shot up and ran to them. “Miss Kobayahsi, Lady Tohru, welcome home,” cried the little dragon.

“Kanna, were you a good girl for Elma?” asked Kobayashi. Kanna nodded. Kobayashi then turned her attention to Elma. “I’m sorry that I caused you so much trouble. I’ll be sure to pay you back on payday.”

“It was no trouble at all,” said Elma, “although I did have to borrow a pair of your pants because my skirt got soaked when I was washing dishes. I’ll be sure to clean and return them to you as quickly as possible.” As Elma took a few steps forward, the pain in her bladder became so intense that she doubled over in pain and fell to her knees.

Kobayashi immediately knelt beside her and asked, “Is everything alright?”

In the almost three hours that she had been asleep, Elma's bladder had begun to fill back up to the point that her willpower alone was no longer enough to fight back the rushing onslaught of piss trying to escape. “Oh no,” whined Elma clenching her crotch so tightly that her knuckles had gone white, “I can’t hold it any longer.” Just as she said that, the dam burst, sending a cascade of piss into her pants. So much was coming out that within a matter of seconds, a golden pool had begun forming on the wooden tile beneath her.

By this point even Fafnir had become a spectator to this embarrassing scene. Everyone watched as Elma’s face was overcome with an extreme mixture of relief and shame. It took her almost two minutes to pinch off her stream. But the damage had been done. On the wooden floor was a golden lake about an inch deep that spanned about five feet in all directions and was beginning to spread. Next to Elma was Kobayashi who had failed to get clear in time and whose legs from the knee on down were now covered in Elma’s piss. “I’m so sorry,” cried Elma, doing her best to fight back the tears in the corners of her eyes. As Kobayashi got up, Elma half expected to be yelled at or slapped but was surprised when Kobayashi instead extended her hand to help her up.

“Are you feeling better now?” Kobayashi asked.

“How can you be so nice to me after everything that just happened?” sobbed Elma, hot tears streaming down the sides of her face.

“I’m not mad because there is nothing to be mad about. “Don’t worry about wetting yourself. It happens even to the best of us from time to time. Now let’s go get you cleaned up.” After Kobayashi helped her up, Elma began making her way to the bath. Kobayashi then turned her attention to Tohru and said, “As your punishment for attempting to leave Kanna alone with Fafnir, you’ll be cleaning up this mess.”

“But Miss Kobayashi…”

“No buts. Clean this up while I go help Elma.” And with that Kobayashi walked to the bath. Thus would start an interesting night that neither Elma, Kobayashi, nor Tohru would forget anytime soon.

To be Continued

*002*2019-06-06 10:41

Author's Note: In all honesty, over the last several few months I've been having some serious writer's block coupled with motivation issues to the point where I have considered several times whether I should stop writing altogether. However, it came to my attention that I still have several stories that I started on this forum but never finished. Regardless of whether I try to write new stories or not in the future, my plan for now is to try to finish these unfinished ones. For this story, I originally meant for it to be told in two parts. However, as I was writing it, I have decided that it will be told in three. Here is the second part.

Part 2

Following her not so little accident in the hallway just minutes earlier, Elma was escorted into the bath area by Kobayashi. Elma quietly stood outside the doorway as she watched Kobayashi turn the bathtub facet on. As the tub began to fill with warm water, Kobayashi turned around and walked towards Elma. Putting a hand on the harmony dragon’s shoulder, Kobayashi said, “Put your dirty clothes in the basket outside the door. Also feel free to use whatever you need to get cleaned up. I’ll go get some towels and some pajamas for you to wear.”

“Pajamas?” questioned Elma. “Why not regular clothes?”

“Because you’re going to be spending the night,” answered Kobayashi

“I couldn’t possibly impose on you, especially after what I did to your hallway floor,” said the flustered dragon. “I think it would be best for everyone if I just get cleaned up and go home.”

“Sorry, but that’s not happening,” declared Kobayashi. “The snowstorm outside was just upgraded to a blizzard warning. All the trains and buses are being shut down as we speak.”

“But I’m a dragon,” replied Elma, “I can just fly home and…”

“Don’t be stupid,” interrupted Kobayashi with a hint of agitation in her voice. “Visibility is already low out there and its only supposed to get worse throughout the night. You’re staying the night with us and that’s final. Now get undressed and get cleaned up before you catch a cold.” With that, Kobayashi turned her back and prepared to walk away. She had only taken a few steps when she felt something tug on the back of her sweater. Looking back, she saw that Elma’s cheeks were coated with fresh tears and her nostrils were beginning to drip.

“Are you mad at me for what I did in the hallway?” asked the trembling dragon.

Kobayashi softly sighed and turned around to face Elma. Using the sleeve of her sweater, Kobayashi gently wiped the tears from Elma’s face and said, “I’m not mad. Like I said before, it was an accident. Now please go get cleaned up. I would feel terrible if you caught a cold or something.”

“Okay,” sniffled Elma. The harmony dragon watched as Kobayashi turned around and left. Elma then disrobed and walked into the bath area. By this point in time, the tub was nearly full. She quickly turned off the water, walked over to a stool near the shower head, sat down, and began rinsing the urine on her legs and inner thighs that had already begun to dry. All the while, she wondered how she would face her arch nemesis Tohru who would surely make fun of her for having wet herself in such a childish fashion.

…

Back in the hallway, Tohru was almost halfway done with mopping up Elma’s urine puddle. Although in Tohru’s opinion, it was more of a lake. The dragon maid would have found the whole wetting incident even more hilarious were it not for the fact that she was being the forced to clean it up. “Why do I have to do this?” grumbled Tohru on her hands and knees as she mopped up the piss with some cleaning rags. Normally she would have used her magic to clean this up, but Tohru had a gut feeling that she would be scolded by Kobayashi if she used magic for this task. With the aroma of ammonia filling her nostrils, she angrily muttered to herself, “I had nothing to do with Elma soiling herself. If anything, Elma should be the one cleaning it.” As Tohru began to wring out the piss-soaked cloth over a bucket, she snapped, “Why couldn’t this be Miss Kobayashi’s pee? This is so unfair!!!”

“And what would you’d do if it were Miss Kobayashi’s pee?” grunted a voice behind her.

“Simple,” replied Tohru, “I would just lap it up with my tongue, being sure to savor every last drop of Miss Kobayashi’s juices.” By this point, the dragon maid had a perverted grin on her face and small glob of drool was forming on the side of her lower lip.

“Tohru!” grunted the extremely agitated voice. Looking back, Tohru saw that it was Kobayashi. Kobayshi had the throbbing vein on her forehead and the usual expression on her face that she wore whenever she was about to scold Tohru for misbehaving. “That’s disgusting,” she shouted.

“Not if it’s your juices,” cried Tohru. “I love you Miss Kobayashi and would do anything for you whether it was drinking your fluids, bathing you with my tongue, or…” Tohru paused for a moment, her cheeks beat red. “…Or consummating our love for one another.”

Kobayashi shook her head and uttered, “What am I going to do with you?”

“I know,” said Tohru excitedly, “we could…”

“I’m going to stop you right there,” interrupted Kobayashi as she began massaging her temple. “It’s been a long day so could you please keep your fantasies to yourself?” Before Tohru could say another word, Kobayashi turned her attention to Kanna who was now tugging on her pant leg with one hand and rubbing her eye with the other. Bending down to Kanna’s level, Kobayashi gently rubbed the top of the little dragon’s head and said, “I think it’s time for you to get ready for bed. If you hurry up, I’ll tuck you in.”

“Ok Miss Kobayashi. Goodnight Lady Tohru,” yawned the little dragon as she made her way to the room she shared with Tohru.

Once Kanna was gone, Kobayshi returned her attention to Tohru. “While you finish cleaning up here, I’m going to tuck Kanna into bed, get Elma a change of clothes, and then I’m going to take a bath.”

“I can join you if you want,” offered Tohru. “I’ll even wash your back for you.”

“I’m good,” replied Kobayashi.

“Okay,” muttered a dejected Tohru.

“Tohru, there is a couple things I want you to do for me though.”

“I’ll do anything Miss Kobayashi. Just name it and I’ll do it.”

“Well the first thing I want you to do is make dinner as we haven’t eaten yet.”

“Is there anything you want in particular?”

“Omurice would be good.”

“Can do,” smiled Tohru. “And what was the other thing?”

“I’m going to need to borrow a pair of your pajamas,” answered Kobayashi. As she looked at Tohru, she could tell that a big misunderstanding was about to take place. “They’re not for me,” clarified Kobayashi, “they’re for Elma.”

“But why would Elma need to borrow my pajamas if she is just going to go home after she gets out of the bath?” asked a curious Tohru.

“Because she’ll be spending the night,” replied Kobayashi.

“But why?” whined Tohru.

“Because the storm is getting bad and it wouldn’t be right to send her home in those conditions. Now will you let me borrow them or not?”

“Fine,” grumbled Tohru. “And I suppose you want me to make extra food just in case that gluttonous harmony dragon wants some too.”

“I wouldn’t necessarily call her gluttonous, but I think it would probably be a good idea,” said Kobayashi as she walked into the kitchen, opened the refrigerator, and pulled out a couple cans of beer. As she closed the refrigerator door, she asked, “That wouldn’t be to much trouble would it?”

“Of course not,” smiled Tohru, “I’m already making food for two anyways so making it for a third won’t be a problem at all.” However, behind her smile Tohru was pissed at the fact that not only would she have to cook for her enemy but that her enemy would be spending the night and wearing her pajamas to boot. It just wasn’t fair. Of course Tohru couldn’t tell Kobayashi this as it would make her seem petty, not that she hadn’t acted this way in front of Kobayashi before.

Kobayashi walked over to Tohru and gently patted her on the head. “Thank you for being so mature about this Tohru. I owe you one.” As Kobayashi walked into Kanna’s room to tuck her in, she swore she could hear Tohru out in the hallway squealing in delight about something. Kobayashi simply shook her head and began rummaging through the closet for pajamas for Elma.

…

Back in the bathroom, Elma was just finishing washing the soap off her breasts. She was just about to get up from the stool and into the bath when she thought she heard a noise behind her. Suddenly she felt something cold and metallic press up against her the side of her cheek. Without thinking, she lunged forward head first into the wall. “Oww!” she whimpered as she rubbed the bump that was beginning to grow on her head. Slowly turning her head, Elma saw that Kobayashi was standing behind her.

“I didn’t mean to scare you,” said Kobayashi as she put the two beer cans in her hands down and walked over to her. “Are you hurt anywhere?”

“I just bumped my head, but other than that, I’m fine.” As Elma turned around, she noticed for the first time that Kobayashi was naked. “Why are you naked?” asked a shocked Elma scooting back a little. “Did you come to punish me for what I did?” Closing her eyes, she muttered, “If so, please be gentle.” Elma then felt something cold on her forehead. Opening her eyes, she saw that Kobayashi was extending one of the cans of beer to her. Elma took it from Kobayashi’s hand.

“Honestly, I’m starting to think that Tohru’s perverted thoughts are rubbing off on you,” sighed Kobayashi as she opened the second beer can. Taking a swig from the can, she said “I’m here because I need to clean up too. And I thought that since were both girls and all it wouldn’t be an issue if we bathed together.” She paused for a second before asking. “That doesn’t bother you, does it?”

“Not really,” said Elma as she looked down at the unopened beer in her hands. In all honesty, she had no desire to drink it as her bladder was still a little more than half full despite the piss lake she had created on Kobayashi’s hallway floor. What Kobayashi likely hadn’t realized was that dragons have bigger bladders, meaning they could store more urine than a human could. However, it also meant that it could take longer to completely empty. Normally a half full bladder would be nothing to Elma, but her not so little accident had weakened the flood gates to the point that another onslaught of raging water was inevitable.

“Do you want me to open that for you?” asked Kobayashi, snapping Elma out of her trance.

Not wanting to be rude, Elma replied, “Sure,” and handed the can over. Once the can was open, Elma quickly gulped it down. She could feel her bladder shriek in agony. Elma wanted to get up and make a mad dash for the toilet, but found herself too ashamed to admit that she still had to go especially after making such a big mess. Not wanting to think about it anymore, Elma slowly got to her feet and walked towards the bath.

Before Elma could get into the bath, Kobayashi asked, “Do you want me to wash your back for you?”

“Sure,” replied Elma as she sat on the stool. Less than a minute later, she could feel warm water running down her back, followed soon after by a soapy bath sponge. When Kobayashi was done, Elma returned the favor. As she rinsed Kobayashi’s back, Elma could feel her bladder muscles weakening. The moment she was done washing Kobayashi’s back, Elma quickly rushed over to the tub and plopped in. As she sat in the tub, she thought to herself “At least if my bladder gives out here, it won’t be a big deal.” Of course fate had other plans.

“Do you mind if I get in the bath with you?” asked Kobayashi a few minutes later. “My body’s kind of stiff and I could use a good soak.”

“Go ahead,” smiled Elma. However in her mind all she could think was “Don’t piss yourself. Don’t piss yourself. For the love all things good in this world do not piss yourself.”

“This bath water feels nice and warm,” said Kobayashi as she lowered herself in. Looking over at Elma, she noticed that the harmony dragon’s cheeks were bright red, and she was avoiding eye contact. The dragon girl also seemed to be fidgeting uncomfortably. After taking a couple of moments to try to figure out what was wrong, Kobayashi finally asked, “Elma, are you still upset about wetting yourself in the hallway.”

Elma nodded her head. “Of course I’m embarrassed,” she replied as tears formed in the corners of her eyes. By this point she couldn’t tell if the tears were from her shame and embarrassment, or from the pain emanating from her now swollen bladder. “Growing up I was always told that only babies and young children wet themselves. I am neither. I’m such a loser.”

“Elma you’re not a loser,” replied Kobayashi as she gave Elma a reassuring pat on the back. “Like I told you before, everybody has accidents every now and then. Even adults have them.”

“Have you wet yourself an adult?” sniffled Elma

“More times than I would like to say,” admitted Kobayashi. Part of her wished that she could stop the conversation there, but one look into Elma’s eyes told her that she needed to elaborate. Gulping down her last swig of beer, Kobayashi thought about how much she should reveal. “Back before Tohru came into my life, I used to go out drinking a lot with our coworker Takiya. There were nights where I came home so drunk that I would pass out on the couch or in my bed and wake up the next morning with a huge wet spot.”

“Did you ever have accidents when you were conscious?” asked Elma.

“A couple times when I was drunk and didn’t make it to the bathroom on time,” replied Kobayashi. Without thinking about it, she blurted “And those couple incidents happened only happened because I didn’t mistake something for a toilet.” The moment she said that, her face went beet red as she knew that Elma would want to know more.

“Does that mean you’ve peed places you shouldn’t have? Where?” asked the curious dragon.

“Lets see,” said Kobayashi as she racked her brain. “I’ve done it in the alley behind the bar that I frequent, in empty bottles, and one time in a beer can although all I succeeded in doing was making a mess. I’ve also peed in potted plants and trash cans. Hell, two weeks ago I came home so drunk that I dropped my pants and pissed in the kitchen sink.”

“Wow,” uttered Elma, now feeling a little bit better about her accident. Suddenly, the urge to pee hit her harder than before. It was in that instant she knew that even if she got out of the bath and dashed to the toilet, she would never make it. As she mulled over her options, she couldn’t help thinking how warm the water was. Then an idea hit her. With the bath water this warm, she thought that it would be highly unlikely that Kobayashi would notice if the water just so happened to get a little bit warmer.

Wanting to test her theory, Elma gave into her body’s urge and let out a small spurt of urine. She waited for Kobayashi to say something, but nothing happened. Elma let out a second squirt. Nothing. It wasn’t until the third squirt that something happened. Without warning, Kobayashi shot up out of the water. Elma knew she had been found out. She closed her eyes and waited for Kobayashi to yell at her. A few seconds past, but nothing happened.

Suddenly, the silence was broken with the words, “I need to pee.” Elma opened her eyes. The words had not come from her mouth. Turning her head, she saw that Kobayashi was now sitting on the edge of the tub with her legs hanging over the sides. Elma watched in shock as Kobayashi spread her legs and leaned back. Before the dragon knew what was happening, a small greenish yellow fountain spurted up from beneath Kobayashi. Elma watched as the stream crashed onto the tile floor before it was whisked away info a drain.

“Hey Elma,” said Kobayashi as she unleashed her waters on the bathroom floor, “why don’t you get up on the edge and piss with me?”

“But I don’t have to go,” lied the dragon.

“Of course you do,” replied Kobayashi. “Otherwise you wouldn’t be peeing in the bath.”

“How did you know?” asked an astonished Elma.

“Because you make me a weird face when you’re peeing. I noticed it when you soiled yourself earlier,” said Kobayashi. “Now get up here and have a pissing contest with me.”

Not wanting to make her mad, Elma slowly rose out of the bathwater and sat on the edge of the tub next to Kobayashi. Opening her legs just like Kobayashi did, Elma leaned back and allowed the dam to burst. “Is this okay?” asked the nervous dragon as she turned to face Kobayashi. It was at that moment that Elma noticed that Kobayashi’s face seemed kind of flushed like she was drunk. Of course Elma knew that Kobayashi wasn’t the type to get drunk off of just one beer. A split second later, she heard a rumbling sound and knew in an instant that Kobayashi hadn’t eaten anything. Just then Elma remembered something she had learned a while back about humans getting drunk easier on an empty stomach.

“Miss Kobayashi are you drunk?” asked the dragon.

“Course not,” laughed Kobayashi before hiccupping. “I’m just buzzed.” Kobayashi then looked down and saw that the stream coming out of Elma was thick, but had no distance. Instead it seemed to just create a dark yellow puddle on the bathroom tile. “How do you expect to beat me with a wimpy stream like that?” slurred Kobayashi. Before Elma could do anything. Kobayashi reached over with one hand and using her fingers spread Elma’s labia. In an instant Elma’s downward stream became a horizontal blast as piss sprayed almost four feet away.

“Now that’s how you do it,” laughed Kobayashi as she used her free hand to spread her own labia. While her stream didn’t shoot as far, it was equally as messy.

“Well at least this can’t get any worse,” Elma muttered to herself as she buried her face in her hands and she prayed for it to be over.

Suddenly the door to the bathroom swung open. “Miss Kobayashi, dinner’s ready,” called Tohru as she walked into the bathroom. Her jaw dropped at the sight of the two girls decorating the bathroom with their piss. About ten more seconds passed before both girls’ streams petered out into drops before ceasing altogether. “What the hell are you two doing!?” screamed the dragon maid.

“Miss Kobayashi got drunk and forced me to have a pissing contest with her,” whimpered Elma as she covered her crotch.

“I told you I’m just buzzed,” slurred Kobayashi. “Besides I don’t see why you’re complaining. You obviously won.” Kobayashi then stood up and began walking towards the door. “I’m going to get dressed. Can one of you clean this up?” And before either dragon could say anything more, Kobayashi stumbled out the door and closed it.

“DAMN IT!!!” screamed Tohru and she furiously stomped her foot on the ground. “Why does she never do that with me?” As Tohru was having her temper tantrum, Elma used the bath water to clean the piss droplets off her legs. Once she was done she got up and made her way over to the shower head. Just as she was about to turn it on, she felt a crushing grip on her shoulder. “And just what do you think you’re doing?” grunted Tohru.

“I was going to clean up the mess and…”

“Get out,” growled Tohru

“But I’m partially responsible for the mess so I should…”

“GET OUT!!!” roared Tohru. Elma did as she was told. Once Elma was gone, Tohru watched as the small pockets of urine drained away, leaving behind only a few droplets here and there. Unable to tell whose was whose, Tohru eventually used the shower head to wash the last of the evidence away. “I’ll make sure Elma pays for this,” said Tohru as she grinded her teeth. “When I’m done with her she’ll never come near this place again.” As thought after evil thought ran through her head, she began to cackle manically.

Suddenly she heard Kobayashi’s voice call out, “Tohru, where’s dinner?”

“Coming,” yelled Tohru as she prepared to go back to the kitchen where she would hatch the first of many diabolical plans to get back at Elma.

To be continued….

*006*2025-01-19 06:23

Part 3

“Damn it!” cursed Tohru under her breath as she began making dinner preparations. If it wasn’t bad enough that her archnemesis Elma was staying the night and had gotten to enjoy a pissing contest with Kobayashi, the fact that she was now having to prepare a meal for her was making her blood boil. “I need to find a way to get back at her or to get her to leave, but I can’t make it too obvious. Otherwise, Miss Kobayashi will get mad and scold me again.” Tohru let out a heavy sigh.

“Then why not try lacing the food with something unpleasant,” spoke a voice behind her. Turning around, Tohru saw Fafnir standing behind her, a bottle of water in his hand.

“And how do you propose I do that?” hissed Tohru. “It’s like that glutton of a dragon has an iron stomach. I doubt there is anything in this world I could use that she would hate.”

“I never said it had to be from this world,” whispered Fafnir as he reached into his coat pocket. Tohru watched as he pulled out a tiny sack wrapped with string and a small vial with purple liquid. He handed them to Tohru who began to inspect the items.

An evil smile crossed Tohru’s face, “Fafnir, are these what I think they are?” Fafnir nodded in response. “I never would have pegged you for the type to have these sort of items let alone come up with something this wicked. Color me impressed.” As she looked down at the items, pondering how best to make use of them, a thought popped into her head. “It isn’t like you to get mixed up in this sort of thing Fafnir. What gives?”

“I want to see how this plays out,” stated Fafnir. “Knowing you, this will likely backfire. Honestly, I don’t care what happens so long as the result is amusing.” Without another word, Fafnir left the kitchen and went back to his game.

“Oh, it will be,” cackled Tohru.

###

Tohru was just finishing up putting the omurice on the plates. As she began drizzling ketchup over each plate, she was careful to leave a special mark on the plate meant for Elma. Walking into the dining area, she placed two plates down on the left side of the table and the other plate on the right. “Dinner’s just about ready,” announced Tohru. “The glutton’s plate is on the left side of the table, middle seat. Miss Kobayashi’s plate will be the one next to hers.”

“Quit calling me a glutton!” cried Elma as she stood up from the couch.

“My bad,” smiled Tohru. “I suppose piggy would suit you better.”

“Knock it off, Tohru,” said Kobayashi, still sitting on the couch, her eyes glued to the game Fafnir was playing. “That’s no way to treat a guest.”

Tohru bowed her head, “My apologies.” As she walked away, she whispered under her breath, “Guest? More like pest.” Suddenly she heard what sounded like little footsteps coming from her and Kana’s room. Turning her head in that direction, she noticed that the little dragon girl was standing a few feet outside their room. She appeared to be half-asleep. Much to her shock, Kana began pulling down her pajama bottoms. “No!” cried Tohru as she quickly ran over to her. “This isn’t the bathroom. Come on, I’ll escort you.”

“Okay,” mumbled the sleepy dragon as she grabbed Tohru’s hand and rubbed her eye with the other.

“Now’s my chance,” whispered Elma to herself as she watched the scene play out. As nonchalantly as she could, she walked over to the table to inspect the plates. Sure enough, the ketchup drizzle on her plate didn’t exactly match that of the two others, an unlikely mistake given how proud Tohru was when it came to making food. As sneakily as she could, Elma switched her plate with Tohru’s, all the while doing her best to cover the evidence.

“Hey Elma,” called Kobayashi, startling the dragon.

“What is it?”

“Do you think you could go into my room and grab the small bottle of eye drops on my nightstand? One of my eyes is really burning.”

“Of course,” said Elma. As the dragon walked into Kobayashi’s room, Kobayashi stood up and walked over to the table. Looking down at the plates, she noticed that Elma’s plate didn’t look like the others. As sneakily as she could, Kobayashi shifted each plate clockwise, doing her best to cover the evidence. “I’m sorry, Miss Kobayashi, but I couldn’t find them,” called the dragon.

“No worries,” replied Miss Kobayashi as she took her seat. “My eye is actually feeling better now.”

“That’s good,” smiled Elma, taking the seat next to Kobayashi. It would be several more minutes before Tohru re-entered the dining area with cups of tea. As Tohru placed the cups of tea down, Kobayashi noticed that Tohru’s finger was touching the tea inside Elma’s cup.

“Tohru, that’s disgusting,” scolded Kobayashi, “you know better than that.” Kobayashi then made Tohru swap cups with Elma.

“Thank you for the meal,” stated the three women in unison once everyone was seated. Tohru noticed that Elma seemed to be a little wary of the food.

“What’s wrong?” asked Tohru. “Is my cooking not good enough for you?” She paused for a moment waiting for the dragon to answer. “Or could it be that you think I would poison your food?”

“Honestly, I wouldn’t put it past someone in the chaos faction to commit such an evil act,” replied Elma.

“That’s enough you two,” grunted Kobayashi. “Can’t we just enjoy a meal like civilized adults?”

“Sorry,” responded the two dragons in unison. As everybody began to dig in, Tohru did her best to hide a wicked smile as she watched the dragon inhale the food. What gave her even greater satisfaction was that her little stunt with the tea had worked perfectly as Elma was now drinking a cup filled with a diuretic meant for dragons. Then out of the corner of her eye, Tohru noticed that Kobayashi had stopped eating after only a few bites.

“Miss Kobayashi, is the food bad?” questioned the dragon maid. “Would you like me to make you something else instead?”

“The food’s not bad,” said Kobayashi, “it’s just that I feel a little strange for some reason.” Suddenly a loud gurgling sound filled the room, followed by what sounded like a thunderous puff of air and putrid smell. Miss Kobayashi shot up from her chair clutching her stomach. “Bathroom,” she stated as she quickly hobbled her way over, a trail of sound and smell following in her wake. The dragon girls then heard the bathroom door slam shut, followed by moans, unpleasant noises, and flushing.

“What the hell did you do to the food!?” screamed Elma as she reached over the table and grabbed Tohru by the collar of her maid uniform.

“I don’t know what you’re talking about,” lied Tohru.

“Damn it Tohru, now is not the time to lie. If you tried to lace my food with something from our world and Miss Kobayashi ate it instead, then she could be in real trouble.” Elma stared down Tohru who by this point was beginning to sweat and could no longer look her in the eye. “I’m going to ask once more, what did you do?”

“Fine, I admit it. I laced your food with a magic-infused powder designed to give dragons intestinal distress.”

“You idiot!” screamed Elma. “Do you have any idea what that stuff could do if ingested by a human?” Before Tohru could answer, Elma ran into the kitchen, filled a cup with water, and then ran to the restroom. Luck was on her side as the door was unlocked. Elma quickly entered the bathroom and locked the door. Her nose crinkled as the putrid smell of chaos magic filled the room.

“What are you doing in here Elma?” moaned Kobayashi. By this point, her stomach was in so much pain that she couldn’t sit up straight.

“Relax Miss Kobayashi,” answered the harmony dragon, “I’m here to help make you feel better.” Elma then began chanting something. As Kobayashi tried to raise her head as best she could, she watched as the glass of water in Elma’s hand began to glow and take on a light blue color. The glow quickly faded. “Drink this and you should start feeling better in no time.”

“Sorry Elma, but I’m not drinking that. For all I know, that could do something worse.”

“Then you leave me no choice,” she sighed. Elma downed the glass and before Kobayashi could react, Elma placed her lips against hers. Kobayashi’s body squirmed as the water transferred from Elma’s mouth to hers. Despite her best efforts, she had no other choice but to swallow the concoction. “Please forgive me,” bowed Elma once the act was over.

“It’s fine,” panted Kobayashi. Much to her surprise, her body was already beginning to feel a bit better. It would be another couple minutes Kobayashi felt good enough to sit up right.

“Once you feel able, come back out to the living room and I’ll continue the treatment.” Then without another word, the harmony dragon exited the bathroom.

“I can’t believe a dragon just stole a kiss from me,” muttered an embarrassed Kobayashi.

###

Roughly ten minutes later Kobayashi exited the bathroom. Upon entering the living room, Elma motioned for her to come lay down on the couch. As Kobayashi laid down, Elma gently cradled her head in her lap. “Time for the second part of the treatment.” Elma then placed a glowing hand on Kobayashi’s navel. Within seconds, Kobayashi felt something pulsing in her stomach before spreading throughout her entire body.

“What are you doing to me?” she asked nervously.

“There’s no need to be scared,” cooed Elma. “I’m just pouring a little bit of my magic into your body to help purify any remaining chaos magic. I should warn you though that my magic might cause you to go into a state of euphoria. I hope that’s alright?”

“It’s fine,” replied Kobayashi. While the situation was not ideal, she was just happy that the pain was gone. As she looked around the room, she saw that Tohru was sulking in the corner. Kobayashi had half a mind to start yelling at her for doing something so reckless and petty. It was then that she felt a hand rub the top of her head. Looking up, she saw that Elma was staring down at her. Without saying a word, Elma shook her head. Now was not the time to react. “I get it,” muttered Kobayashi as she closed her eyes. Before she knew it, she had fallen asleep.

###

Kobayashi was awoken almost thirty minutes later by the sound of sniffling. Looking to her side, she saw her dragon maid was kneeling next to her, the maid’s hands firmly clasping hers. Tears were coming down the dragon’s face. “I’m so sorry,” cried Tohru. “If I hadn’t tried to pull that stupid prank on Elma, then you wouldn’t have gotten hurt. I’d understand if you’d want to fire me as your maid.” Suddenly Tohru felt something warm touch the top of her head. It was Kobayashi’s hand.

“Don’t worry about it, Tohru. I’m not going to get rid of you over something like that,” laughed Kobayashi. She then removed her hand from Tohru’s head and proceeded to flick Tohru’s forehead as hard as she could. “However, you and I will be having a talk later.” As Tohru rubbed her forehead, she couldn’t help but think that something was off with Kobayashi.

“Miss Kobayashi, are you feeling okay?” asked the slightly freaked out dragon.

“Never better,” she replied as she sat up. “It’s like I have this immense feeling of joy and contentment inside of me. It’s almost like I have a love for everyone too. For example, I love the way Fafnir enjoys gaming, I love the way Tohru devotes herself as my maid, and I love how Elma cured me even if it meant kissing me.”

“She kissed you!?” screamed a jealous Tohru. Before Elma could react, Tohru grabbed her by the collar and yanked her to her feet. “How dare you do that to Miss Kobayashi! Even I haven’t gone that far with her yet!”

“Relax Tohru,” replied Elma, “I was just trying to cure her. It meant nothing.”

“It meant nothing!” repeated Tohru. “You did something that I’ve wanted to do for ages now and then tell me it meant nothing? Are you sure you’re not the chaos dragon here you damn homewrecker?”

“Tohru…,” began Elma.

“Shut it. I don’t want to hear it.” Tohru released Elma and took several steps back. She began anxiously rubbing her hands through her hair, her psyche ready to break at any moment. It was then that something finally snapped. “I get it now,” madly chuckled Tohru. “This is all part of your plan to get me to leave Miss Kobayashi and return to our world. But it’s not going to work, and do you want to know why? It’s because I know that deep down you are incapable of loving anything other than food. In fact, with that gluttonous appetite of yours, I doubt anyone could ever love you. You’ll be alone for…” A sharp stinging sensation across her face brought Tohru back to reality.

“That’s just too cruel,” choked Elma as tears ran down her eyes, her hand still raised, and her palm turning red. “Do you really hate me that much?” Before Tohru could answer, Elma screamed, “Forget it,” and ran out the front door.

“How could you?” scolded Kobayashi as she shot a piercing glare at Tohru. Tohru didn’t answer. Kobayashi ran over to the door and began throwing her shoes and coat on. Before she could open the door, she felt somebody yank her back. Turning her head, she was surprised to see it was Fafnir. “Let me go Fafnir. I need to go talk to Elma.”

“Not like that,” responded Fafnir. Much to her shock, a light began to glow around her before disappearing. “That barrier should help keep some of the snow and cold off you for a short time. If you are dead set on going after her, then I would start with the roof. After all, dragons like high up places with open views.” He then turned and began to walk away.

“Why are you helping me?”

Fafnir turned back to look at her. “It’s because you’re important to Takiya and are one of the few humans I don’t completely detest.” Without another word, Fafnir went back to his game. Despite being stunned by Fafnir’s words and wanting to know more, Kobayashi forced herself to focus on the task at hand and proceeded to make her way into the snowy night.

###

“Tohru, you big idiot,” sniffled Elma as she stared out into the night. Despite the barrier she had put around herself, the snow was affecting her visibility, and she could still feel the chill of the wind as it tore through the night. Standing against the safety fence, Elma wondered if she should go back inside or not. She was beginning to feel a throbbing sensation in her bladder and sooner or later she would need to answer nature’s call. However, she was not emotionally ready to go back inside and face Tohru and her abuse.

“It’s not safe out here,” called a voice behind her. It was Kobayashi. “We should really get back inside.”

“I’m not going,” replied the defiant dragon.

“Elma, I get what Tohru said was cruel and hurtful, but you should still come inside where it’s safe and warm.”

“Don’t you get it Miss Kobayashi? Tohru made it very clear that I am not safe or welcome in your home. Honestly, I think it would be better for everybody if I just left for the night.”

“Elma…”

“If you think you could fly through this storm safely, then you’re an even bigger idiot than I thought,” yelled another voice on the roof. Both Elma and Kobayashi turned to see Tohru standing near the entryway.

“What are you doing here?” spat Elma. “Are you here to throw more insults at me?” Her body began to tremble a bit as Tohru walked over to her and stopped about an arm’s length away from her.

“Look Elma, I let my jealousy get the best of me and said some awful things I didn’t mean. I’m sorry,” said Tohru, unable to look Elma in the eyes out of shame.

“Do you really mean that,” sniffled Elma. Tohru nodded her head. “Then I guess I have no choice but to be the bigger dragon and accept your apology.” While that statement angered Tohru a little bit, she decided to let it slide.

“I’m happy that you two made up,” smiled Kobayashi. “Friends shouldn’t fight or say mean things to each other like that. Honestly, you two are so similar it’s shocking how much you fight.”

“She’s not my friend and I’m nothing like that stupid dragon,” screamed the two dragons in unison. “What was that?” they screamed at each other as they grabbed each other’s collars. Suddenly a laugh cut through the night air, causing the two girls to let go of each other.

“I get it,” laughed Kobayashi as she wiped a tear from her eye. “Now let’s head back inside before we freeze to death.”

“I’m not going until she admits I’m the better dragon,” replied the two girls in unison.

“Then why don’t you settle this little pissing contest of yours with a game?” sighed Kobayashi. She could feel Fafnir’s barrier getting weaker by the minute.

“You mean like cards or a board game?” questioned Elma.

“Actually, I think I’ve got the perfect game,” declared Tohru having been inspired by what Kobayashi just said. “We should have a pissing contest. Whoever pees the farthest wins. The winner also gets to sleep with Miss Kobayashi tonight.”

“Not interested,” replied Elma. She was now almost hopping from foot to foot. She could feel herself once again losing in her battle against nature’s call.

“What’s the matter?” taunted Tohru. “Afraid you’d lose?”

“There’s no way I’d lose,” she spat back. “If anything, I have to pee so bad that it wouldn’t even be a contest. It’s just that I don’t see the need to take part in such a childish game for a prize I don’t care all that much about.”

“Well then, what else would you want if you win?”

Elma paused for a moment to think. “How about one homecooked meal plus dessert from you once a week for the next year? Also, you can’t call me gluttonous or a pig nor try to poison me on the days when I come to collect.”

“Fine,” agreed Tohru. “But if I win, you have to agree to stay away from this house and the shopping district for three months. Do we have a deal?

“I can agree to those terms,” replied the harmony dragon. The two girls then proceeded to walk over to the side of the roof where their backs would be against the wind. Elma pulled down her pants and panties and squatted. “Ready to lose?”

“Bring it,” said Tohru as she hiked up her skirt, lowered her panties, and got into a squatting position.

“Hold up,” yelled Kobayashi as she squeezed herself between the two dragons. She proceeded to pull down her pants and panties as well but remained in a standing position. “There’s no way that I’m going to let you two have all the fun. Honestly, I can’t really think of anything I’d want if I win, but I guess I can figure it out later.” Both dragons nodded their heads in agreement. “Alright, we are going to do this on my mark. 3….2….1….Pee!”

With that, three golden streams launched into the night. Elma was using her hand to spread her labia like Kobayashi had done to her in the bath. Her stream was coming out as more of spray, but unlike in the bath, she wasn’t getting nearly as much distance.

Tohru on the other hand was using one arm to lean herself back and the other to spread her labia. Unlike Elma, her stream was more solid and covered more distance.

And in the middle was Kobayashi, her knees bent, her hips thrust forward, and her labia spread. This was her first time attempting to pee in a standing position and her aim was a bit off. Kobayashi found she had to pinch off her stream a few times and readjust. By the fourth adjustment, she had more or less gotten into the groove and was launching a powerful stream almost four feet away. “It looks like I’m going to win!” cried Kobayashi.

“I’m not done yet,” replied Tohru as she tried to lift herself a bit more. In doing so her stream overtook Kobayashi’s by a few millimeters. “Just a little bit more,” strained Tohru. But just then something caught her eye. A temporary break in the clouds caused the moon to shine down on the roof, illuminating Kobayashi in all her glory. As Tohru’s concentration began to slip, her stream began to grow into a spray and lost distance.

“This is my chance,” yelled Elma as she did her best to readjust her stream. Much to her joy and amazement, she was able to produce a thicker, more powerful stream that was now neck and neck with Kobayashi’s and was threatening to overtake Tohru’s record.

“Looks like you might actually win this one,” shouted Kobayashi as she thrust her hips forward in a last-ditch attempt to take the lead. Despite having very little left, she was able to pass Tohru’s spot. Suddenly Tohru awoke from her Kobayashi-induced trance to realize what was happening. Unfortunately for her, it was too little, too late. Her tank was practically empty. Even if she pushed with all she was worth, she would never be able to beat Kobayashi, but at least she wouldn’t lose to Elma.

“I’m so close,” strained Elma. She could tell that she was running on fumes. If she didn’t do something now, it would be too late. Taking a deep breath, Elma pushed for all she was worth. A thunderous clap filled the night air. Elma’s face became flush with embarrassment at having broken wind in front of her rival in such an undignified manner. However, it wasn’t all for naught as her final push had given her just the boost she needed to overtake Kobayashi. “I won!” she cried in victory as all three of their streams ceased.

“Congrats,” replied Kobayashi as she pulled up her pants. Her body squirmed a bit the moment she realized that some of her stream had landed in her pants.

“Don’t worry,” smiled Tohru as she stood up and adjusted her clothes. “I’ll be sure to thoroughly clean those pants for you later.” As she said it, a bit of drool ran down her mouth.

“Don’t even think about using your mouth to do it,” said a disgusted Kobayashi. “By the way, what are we going to do with the yellow marks in the snow?”

“I’ll take care of it,” volunteered Tohru. “You two should head inside where it’s warm. I’ll join you once I destroy the evidence.”

“I’ll leave it to you then,” replied Kobayashi as both she and Elma began making their way to the roof’s entrance. Tohru then proceeded to walk over to the spot where most of Kobayashi’s stream had pooled. She squatted down and scooped up a piece of the lemon-colored snow.

“Finally,” drooled Tohru, “a task that I can really enjoy.”

But before Tohru could take a bite, she heard Kobayashi yell, “Tohru! I swear if you eat any of that I won’t speak to you for a month!”

“But Miss Kobayashi…,” cried Tohru.

“Bad Tohru, bad! Put it down right now!” ordered Kobayashi.

“And she calls me a pig,” added Elma. Her words were enough to slap some common sense back into Tohru.

“Fine,” grunted Tohru as she dropped the ball of snow. She then proceeded to use her dragon tail to cover the evidence as the other two watched, each of them knowing full well it would be some time before anybody would be coming to the roof. As Tohru began making her way to the roof entrance, she muttered under her breath, “This is far from over. After all that diuretic should still be in Elma’s system and I have one more card up my sleeve. By the time the sun rises tomorrow, victory will be mine.”

Stay tuned for the finale to be released on 2/7/2025.

*008*2025-02-07 04:53

Part 4

Shortly upon returning to the apartment, Elma and Kobayashi went to bed while Tohru set about cleaning the kitchen. Tohru was furious that Elma was getting to share a bed with Kobayashi, but she also knew she had to play things carefully after her little stunt earlier. After putting away the last of the dishes, she walked into the living room and plopped herself next to Fafnir under the kotatsu. “Ugh, today has been exhausting,” moaned Tohru.

“How did things turn out with Lucoa and the wizard boy?” asked Fafnir as he continued his game.

“It looks like they patched things up, so I think they’re going to be just fine. Kobayashi and me on the other hand, I’m not so sure,” replied the chaos dragon. “I think Miss Kobayashi is still really mad at me about what happened with Elma earlier.”

“She’ll get over it,” said the male dragon. “While humans have a tendency to hold petty grudges, Kobayashi doesn’t seem like the type to do so for long. Worst case scenario, Miss Kobayashi ends up asking you to leave and then we all go back to our own world.”

Tohru rolled her eyes as she sarcastically said, “Gee, thanks Fafnir. I feel so much better now.” Despite Fafnir’s phrasing, she knew that he was trying his best in his own way to comfort her. Several minutes passed by before something caused Tohru’s nose to crinkle. “Hey Fafnir, does something smell off to you?”

“Not really,” replied Fafnir as he paused his game and reached for something on the ground. “By the way, you might want to wash this plate before you go to bed.” Tohru’s eyes widened as Fafnir held out the plate.

“Fafnir, please don’t tell me that you ate the omurice that was on the table.”

“I did and it tasted decent. Why?”

“That was the spiked omurice!”

“Oh,” replied Fafnir. “I suppose that explains the strange aftertaste. It’s no big deal.”

“Fafnir, how can you be so calm about this?”

“Because this isn’t the first time this has happened,” answered Fafnir. “I’ve built up some immunity. The worst thing that’ll happen is a little flatulence.” Fafnir returned to his game. Just then a foul smell wafted towards Tohru’s nose.

“Damn it Fafnir!” cried Tohru holding her nose. “If you’ve got to do that, do it in the bathroom.” Fafnir ignored her. Several more flatulence-filled minutes passed by before Tohru had finally had enough. “I’m going to go take a bath. Please try not to stink up the entire apartment.”

“Whatever,” replied Fafnir. However, as he played his game, he could feel his stomach becoming more and more unsettled.

###

Elma was standing on the roof of the apartment building watching Kobayashi and Tohru build a snowman. Despite the fact it was snowing, the air didn’t feel cold. Elma also couldn’t help but notice that the snow landing on her clothes didn’t make her feel wet either.

“Hey Elma, come help us build the snowman,” called Kobayashi. She was rolling snow with her bare hands and yet her skin showed no signs of redness from the cold.

“Yeah, we’ll get done much faster if you help,” agreed Tohru. Elma was a bit shocked to hear that Tohru wanted her help. If anything, she had expected Tohru to tell her to stay away.

“I’m good,” said Elma. She was beginning to shift from foot to foot.

Tohru looked up from the large snowball she was making. “Miss Kobayashi, mind if we pause for a moment? I could really use a bathroom break.”

“That’s fine,” answered Kobayashi, “just make it quick.”

“Will do,” smiled Tohru. Tohru stood up and walked forward a few feet. “Hey Miss Kobayashi, check this out.” Both Elma and Kobayashi watched as Tohru lifted her skirt and pulled down her panties. She proceeded to bend her knees forward and spread her labia with both hands. Within seconds, a bright yellow jet spewed forth, striking the snow about three feet away from her. Both girls watched as Tohru began moving her hips from side to side. Elma noticed that letters were beginning to appear as the once pristine snow began to yellow and melt.

“I got to get in on this too!” shouted Kobayashi as she ran over to Tohru. Elma watched as the human repeated the same actions as Tohru. “This is really fun,” said Kobayashi as she wiggled her hips. “Elma, you’ve got to try this.”

“If you insist,” replied Elma. The harmony dragon walked over and stood next to Kobayashi. It took her a few seconds to ready herself. However, it would be another few seconds before everything went wrong. Instead of her stream shooting forward, it came out as a spray. Elma cringed as the droplets fell down her legs and into her pants and panties which were just below her knees.

“Look at the piss baby,” mocked Tohru. “Can’t even write her own name in the snow.”

“Pretty pathetic,” agreed Kobayashi.

“I’m not a piss baby,” sniffled Elma. Her cheeks were flush with embarrassment, and she was doing her best to hold back tears.

“Piss baby, piss baby,” repeated the two women in unison over and over.

“Stop it!” cried Elma.

###

“I’m not a piss baby!” shouted Elma as she jolted up in bed.

“Elma,” moaned a half-asleep Kobayashi, “if you have to pee, just go to the bathroom quietly instead of shouting.” She then turned over on her other side and covered her head with the blanket. A soft snoring sound filled the silence of the room a few seconds later.

“Sorry,” whispered Elma. As she sat in bed, she found herself relieved that it had all been just a bad dream. Looking at the clock, she saw that roughly an hour had passed since she had laid down. She was just getting ready to turn over on her side when she felt something slightly wet. Lifting up the blanket, she looked down and saw there was a small wet spot on the crotch of her PJs. It would be another few seconds until her bladder woke up, sending a shooting pain up into her body. “Gotta pee,” whined Elma as she got out from under the covers and hustled out of the room.

As soon as she reached the bathroom, she flung the door open. However, what she saw next made her freeze up. Fafnir was sitting on the toilet with his pants around his ankles. His elbows were on his knees, and he was resting his forehead against his tightly clasped hands.

“Occupied,” grunted Fafnir as he lifted his head up and gave her a death glare.

“I’m so sorry,” cried Elma as she slammed the door shut. She paused for a few moments before asking, “Fafnir, how long do you think you’re going to be in there?”

“Awhile,” grunted the voice on the other side of the door.

“Do you think maybe you could hurry up? I really need to pee.”

“Then use the bath or go do it outside!” shouted the irritated dragon.

“Okay,” muttered a terrified Elma. Desperately clutching her crotch, the poor harmony dragon stumbled over to the bath. She reached for the door and turned the handle. It was locked. However, Elma thought she could hear something on the other side of the door. Leaning her ear closer, Elma realized it was the sound of Tohru humming some nonsensical song about her love for Kobayashi. Elma debated whether she should bang on the door and beg her rival to let her relieve herself in the shower drain. However, the more she thought about it, the more self-conscious she got. After all, there was no guarantee that Tohru wasn’t going to use the opportunity as a chance to make fun of her or possibly blackmail her. Suddenly another idea hit her. However, if it was going to work, then she would need to move fast.

Elma hustled over to the kitchen. She breathed a sigh of relief when she noticed that the sink was empty. With hardly a second to spare, Elma yanked down her pajama bottoms and panties and hoisted herself onto the sink. The silence of the kitchen was now being drowned out by the slapping of water against metal. “Much better,” smiled Elma as she closed her eyes and allowed her bladder muscles to relax.

“Why are you peeing in the sink?” asked a quiet voice. Elma’s eyes shot open. Standing in the entryway of the kitchen was Kanna.

“Both the toilet and the bath were occupied. Please don’t tell anyone about this,” begged Elma as she tried to pinch off her stream.

“What’s in it for me?” asked the tiny dragon girl. Elma stared at Kanna. “What will you give me in exchange for my silence?” repeated Kanna.

“Are you blackmailing me?” replied a stunned Elma. Kanna nodded her head. “Why should I give you anything? Can’t you just be a good girl and pretend you didn’t see anything?”

“No. If you’re not going to give me something, then I guess I’ll have to go tell Miss Kobayashi and Lady Tohru what you’re doing.” Elma watched as the dragon began to turn away.

“Wait,” begged a defeated Elma as she reached into one of her grocery bags she had left near the sink. After a few seconds of rifling through it, she pulled out a large chocolate bar. “Will this do?” The small dragon girl nodded as she walked over and took the candy. However, the little dragon did not leave, instead she continued to stare at Elma. “What else could you possibly want?” cried the harmony dragon.

“I want something salty.”

“Fine,” grunted Elma. A couple seconds later she fished out a small bag of potato chips. “Happy now?” The little dragon girl nodded her head, snatched the chips from Elma’s hands, and walked off to bed. “Damn it,” cursed Elma as she buried her face in her hands. While it sucked that she had been blackmailed by a child into giving up a couple of her beloved snacks, she found it better than the alternative of Tohru and Kobayashi finding out about her pee incident. Wanting to get things over with quickly, Elma resumed her stream with new force.

“That’s disgusting,” grunted another voice from the entryway. Elma removed her hands from her face to see Fafnir now standing in the entryway. He was hunched over and clutching his stomach.

“Are you here to try to blackmail me for snacks too?” whined Elma.

“Of course not,” replied the male dragon as he took a few steps towards her. “Move your fat ass out of the way so I can get a glass of water.”

“I don’t have a fat ass!” cried Elma. However, she shrunk back a bit when Fafnir gave her another death stare. “Look, even if I wanted to, I don’t think I can pinch off my stream again.” Fafnir continued to glare at her. Elma did her best to lean over and grab an empty glass from the dish rack. With a bit of maneuvering, she was able to get the cup underneath the faucet. “Here,” she said, extending the glass to the irritated dragon. Fafnir snatched it from her hand and hobbled off without another word.

It would be another couple minutes before Elma finished emptying her bladder. The moment she was done, she hopped off the sink and began running water and soap down the drain to erase the evidence. Once she was satisfied that the sink was clean, she made her way back to Kobayashi’s room for some much-needed rest.

###

About half an hour after Elma went back to bed, Tohru exited the bath. As she walked into the living room, she saw that Fafnir was lying on the couch, clutching his stomach. “You okay Fafnir?” asked Tohru.

“I’ll be fine after some rest,” grunted the stubborn dragon.

“Alright,” said Tohru as she made her way to the kitchen. Fafnir could hear rustling sounds followed by running water. He watched as Tohru re-entered the room with a bowl of water.

“What’s that for?” asked the curious dragon.

“It’s for Elma,” replied Tohru with a wicked grin. “I remember Kanna telling me a while ago about a rumor that if you stick a sleeping person’s hand in a bowl of warm water, they’ll pee themselves.”

“That’s got to be a myth. There is no way something like that could be true,” stated the skeptical dragon.

“We’ll see,” laughed Tohru as she began making her way into Kobayashi’s bedroom. The room was dark. As Tohru crept closer to the bed, she noticed both its occupants had their heads covered. While normally Tohru would be able to use her sense of smell to distinguish who was who, for some reason she was finding it difficult. After a few seconds, Tohru noticed Kobayashi’s glasses on the nightstand. “Gotcha,” she whispered under her breath as she quietly made her way to the opposite side of the bed.

As carefully as she could, Tohru reached underneath the covers, grabbed Elma’s hand, and placed it in the bowl of warm water. Doing her best to hold back her laughter, Tohru carefully made her way out of the room and back to her own. As she laid down next to Kanna, Tohru couldn’t wait to see the results of her plan.

###

It was a little before 9 in the morning as Tohru was preparing breakfast. She was humming a happy tune as she waited for her evil plan to come to fruition.

“What’s got you so happy?” asked a sleepy Kanna as she entered the dining room and sat down at the table.

“Just a little revenge on that homewrecking harmony dragon,” sang Tohru as she placed Kanna’s meal in front of her.

“What did you do?” asked the curious dragon.

“Oh, just that warm water prank you told me about. I can’t wait to see if it works.”

“Did you make sure to grab the bowl this morning so there’s no evidence?” Kanna watched as Tohru’s eyes grew big. “You’re going to be in trouble with Miss Kobayashi.”

“Kanna, sweetie,” began Tohru as she bent down to Kanna’s level, “if it comes down to it, could you take the blame for me?”

“If I do that, then Miss Kobayashi will be mad at me,” replied Kanna.

“Don’t worry about it. Since you’re just a kid, you can play if off as an innocent experiment gone wrong. The worst that’ll happen is a soft lecture.”

“What’s in it for me?”

“How about extra dessert for a week?”

“Deal,” agreed Kanna.

“What’s this about a deal,” yawned a female voice. Kanna and Tohru watched as Elma walked into the dining room, her PJs noticeably dry.

“It’s nothing,” said Tohru as she walked back into the kitchen to get another plate. “How is this possible?” she whispered to herself. “I put her hand in the bowl, her pants should be drenched.”

“TOHRU!!!” yelled a voice from the other room. Tohru quickly ran into the dining room to see Miss Kobayashi standing there, her face seething with rage. She had a bowl in her hand and her pajama bottoms were soaked. “What is the meaning of this?”

“Kanna did it!” shouted Tohru as she pointed a finger at the little dragon girl.

“Did not!” cried Kanna. “You told me that you were trying to prank Elma and then offered me a week’s worth of extra dessert if I took the blame.”

“Kanna…,” began Tohru.

“Tohru, is this true?” asked Kobayashi. Tohru went silent. “I’m going to ask you again and don’t you dare lie to me. Is what Kanna saying true?”

“Yes,” admitted Tohru, “I was trying to prank Elma but accidentally got you instead.” She bowed her head in shame. “I’m sorr…OWWW, OWWW, OWWW!” screamed the dragon maid as Kobayashi grabbed her by the ear and began yanking her towards the bedroom.

“It seems you and I need to have another long lecture about appropriate maid behavior,” grunted Kobayashi.

“No, anything but that!” cried the helpless girl as she was dragged into the bedroom. The next half hour would be filled with the sounds of lecturing and sobbing. All the while, Elma sat at the table listening in as she enjoyed the best breakfast ever.

