The Midday Moon Wets Pants (Mothra)

Author: Captain L

*000*2020-06-27 12:22

A gentle breeze blew across the ocean's shining, sunlit surface, causing tiny ripples to run and lap on the beach, paired with the distant sounds of rustling life from the smaller inhabitants; these were the only noises that could be heard to any inhabitants of Indonesia's Infant Island, an untouched sanctuary of nature's blessings. And there was someone present to listen, the only intelligent resident on the island presently: the kaiju boy 25 meters tall, Mothra Leo, green in hair, wings, and experience.

Were he to speak openly, Leo would have to confess that he was a little lonely today with no one to talk to. His only companion was a pet Ghogo, little more than a ball of white fluff and a single antenna, sitting on his shoulder and keeping him company. Leo had already exhausted every idea of how to spend the day, meaning he had done some solo combat training, thrusting his fists forward at an imaginary enemy while shouting made-up attack names as he faced the ocean, and vigorously pet Ghogo. Now, he was bored as he laid on the beach, his feet resting in the shallow waters, looking up at the noontime sun. "What do I do the rest of the day, buddy?"

Just then, something small floated and bumped into the sole of his right foot guard. "Hm?" Ordinarily, these waters were clear, so something washing up was unusual. At the very least, it was interesting enough for Leo to spread his open palms on the sand to push himself upright, so he could look over at the water. His head pivoted from side to side, and his wings twitched on his back, yet the ocean remained undisturbed no matter where he looked. "Did I just imagine that?"

That's when he looked down at his foot, and poking out from the side, was a small, meaty red starfish, squirming and wriggling. Immediately, Leo perked up, as he pulled his legs closer to his torso in a crossed fashion and leaned forward to look at the starfish closer. Startled by the sudden movement, Ghogo's sharp talons dug into Leo's shoulder to keep steady. Leo didn't even notice such a minor injury. "Oh! Hello there, little guy!"

Putting his face close enough to feel the salty water splash against his cheeks, Leo slowly moved his hand above the sea creature, extending the index finger and poking the many bumps on its top, watching it wriggle in response. "Hehe, aren't you a funny little one?" Putting his hands together, with fingers and outer halves curved upwards, he scooped the starfish up, spreading his digits just slightly to let the water stream down. His hands rolled around and rocked the creature around so he could get a better look, and at some point, flipped his right hand over, facing downwards, to drop it face down into his left hand.

"Ow!" That's when the top of the starfish split open into four flaps and spat out a viscous goop onto the underside of his fingers, the only part of his hand not protected by gloves, causing a sudden surge of pain. Surprised and shocked, Leo flailed back, waving his arms as his wings extended from his back, sending the starfish flying back into the water. Not that he noticed, being far too busy waving his injured hand around frantically. "Owowowowow!" Eventually, he tired of the arm swinging, and instead slowly lifted the affected, shaking hand close to his face. That's when he saw the fingers on his left hand, excluding the pinkie, now a bright, burning red as the goo foamed and sizzled, an acid eating through his skin. Gingerly, he pursed his lips and began blowing cool air on the ouchie, tears building up in the corners of his eyes.

Seemingly as a response to the shouts, Ghogo jumped off of Leo's shoulder. It would be normal to assume that it would run away in fear of the convulsions and loud noises, but instead, the furry creature leapt to Leo's upper left arm, sliding down to a resting spot on his wrist. The sight of his fuzzy friend only brought Leo momentary comfort to distract from the pain, but that was far from the end. Soon, the fire beneath his skin was extinguished by a gentle trickle of warm, golden water, washing away all the anguish in a simple flow. Before long, the agonizing pain that had wracked the kaiju's arm was gone, with only the lingering memory as evidence of the attack.

The memory, and the Ghogo pee on Leo's hand. This was one of the strange abilities of the little animal's species: healing urine. Just one quick little spritz of relief, and any small wound was erased. While certainly a handy thing, it was still kinda gross, and as soon as Ghogo jumped off, the moth boy quickly bent down and dunked his hand in the ocean, eager to wash off the mess. And with that, as the weird starfish floated at the mercy of the waves, it was almost as if it had never appeared in the first place.

There was only one remnant of the events that had just transpired, a small one. Leo subtly shifted his footing in the sand, pushing his upper legs together just so. Clearly, having Ghogo urinate on his hand had reminded him of something within himself. "Now I gotta go, too." Nothing serious, of course, just a little nag from his bladder, reminding him that it could use a little attention. After all, he hadn't relieved himself at all today, he hadn't felt a need to.

Thankfully, there was no obstacle. Leo was alone on Infant Island, so he had nothing to be ashamed of, should he do his business anywhere he pleased. Put simply, there was literally no reason to hold it any longer. Facing the wide expanse of the ocean's endless waters, the thought certainly occurred to him to pull down his tight black shorts, bring out his "lower antenna", and raise the water level a hair. It was something he'd never tried, being far too worried about his bodily fluids polluting the sea. The innate morals of a divine moth were coded deep. Instead, Leo moved one foot back, preparing to turn around, so that he would face the many trees of the island, any one of which would be suitable for relieving himself. "Maybe I should go use that one tree," he giggled, thinking of a specific tree that he had used more often, now with a patch of flowers growing at the root, no doubt prospering due to his diligent watering.

It was only then that he was interrupted by a sight high in the bright blue sky, of a seemingly heavenly kaiju with extremely large wings slowly flapping as it approached, the sun's rays turning her into little more than an illuminated silhouette. Leo immediately recognized the figure as the white-haired and fair guardian of the world and its natural inhabitants, Mothra, a reassuring and comforting sight to all who knew her as the Earth's benevolent protector. But, to young Leo, she meant something wholly different. "Mommy!"

Upon hearing her title, Mothra perked up, divebombing at a rapid descent, a missile on a collision course with her son, cutting through the wind itself with her speed, even as her wings slid into half-retraction. And Leo welcomed the approaching onslaught with open arms, for he knew what would follow: his mother crashing into him with her arms extended, wrapping them around her boy's torso with blinding speed, lifting him 15 meters into the air to allow their cheeks to touch, rocking him to and fro in an aggressive hug. "How's my little guy doing? Were you okay all by yourself?"

With closed eyes and a wide smile, Leo giggled in his mother's embrace. "I was fine, mom, really! How was Uncle Battra?"

"Well, he's...he's still your Uncle Battra, all right." Mothra put her son down and brushed her kimono back into more presentable form. "So, nothing happened while I was gone?"

"Um...no, nothing interesting. Just played around a while. I might have even gotten a head start on coming up with a new move!" Jumping back and turning to face an empty direction towards the ocean, Leo steadied his stance and put both hands by his sides, tensing his fingers as hard as he could without bursting his blood vessels, he closed his eyes and began focusing power into his palms. And then he lost focus and came back to the moment. "Oh, but there was this weird starfish that washed up on the shore."

"Starfish?" Mothra tilted her head, confused.

"Yeah, it was this dark red, it had a bunch of weird, big bumps on its center, and it hurt me!" That last bit of information instantly worried Mothra, plain as day on her face, and Leo backpedaled. "Oh, but I'm fine now, really! It's probably still floating in the water if you wanna see it."

"No, I don't need to. I saw a lot of them while I was flying back. They thinned out as I got closer to Infant Island, but if they've already reached this far..." She looked out towards the horizon, clearly concerned, mulling it over in silence for quite some time. "Sorry to leave again so suddenly, but I think I need to look into this further." Unfurling her large wings, Mothra left the ground, flapping hard enough to blow the sand beneath her feet around.

The only thing that stopped her was Leo tugging on the hem of her kimono, a slightly dangerous game with the very loose way his mother wore the outfit around her respectable bust, unsecured by her shoulders. "Can I come with you, mommy? Can I? Can I please?"

"Er...you should probably stay here, sweetie. I don't know what's behind these starfish, it could be dangerous. I don't want you getting in over your head."

"Aw, come on," Leo pouted. "I can handle it! I told you already, I've been practicing my moves!"

"I know that, but I'm worried you might still be too young for something this serious."

"But you said I've got some 'great power' deep within me! Don't I have to learn how to use that? Come on, if I'm gonna be a guardian of the Earth like you one day, I need to know how to fight! Please, mom? Pleasepleasepleasepleasepleasepleaseple-"

"Alright, alright," Mothra relented with a sigh. Despite her status as a "mother of the Earth", she had a very hard time saying "no" to her son. "But I want you to stay close to me, and if it starts to look scary, get out of there."

"I'm not gonna get scared, mommy. I can handle whatever this is!" Letting go of his mother, Leo unfurled his wings and rocketed into the air, bursting with glee. "Come on, let's go! Let's go!" Shaking in anticipation, it was all he could do to wait for his mother to ascend and lead the way. Finally, mom wasn't going to leave him behind while she got to do the cool stuff. It was his first step to becoming a man! He was practically leaving his childhood behind as Infant Island disappeared below the horizon behind them.

However, there was one reminder about what he was leaving behind that Leo couldn't ignore. So engrossed in the prospect of getting to show off his strength to his mother, he had completely forgotten that he was on his way to relieve himself mere minutes ago. And now that he had denied himself the opportunity, his bladder was quick to tell him why that was such a bad idea. Still nothing unbearable, or even uncomfortable, but he wasn't going to be able to ignore it again.

It wouldn't take long to turn back around to take a quick little pit stop before resuming their epic journey, but Leo hardly even entertained the thought. After all that boasting, I'd look like an idiot if I immediately had to stop just so I could pee! I'm sure this isn't going to take long anyway. Pushing the need to the back of his mind, the two moth kaiju continued their ocean flight.

###

Even as she passed over the tranquil depths, Mothra couldn't completely swallow the lump of worry that had formed in her throat. It wasn't so easy when the cause was multi-faceted. First, while she had learned to cope with it in her many travels, the thought of the endless expanse of water beneath was certainly stomach-turning to a kaiju afraid of the water. Second, she really had no idea what awaited the two when they found the source of the starfish, but she had a bad premonition about it. Third, should they get into a battle without whatever the spawner was, would her little boy be alright?

And fourth, would she be alright? She had really only just touched down on Infant Island, and aside from that short rest, she had been flying to and fro across the seas. She was strong enough to handle that without worry, her wings didn't ache or anything, but that didn't mean she could go forever without a break, for a myriad of other reasons, one in particular. Perhaps I was too hasty in leaving Infant Island again. I could really use a little tinkle break. Beneath the long skirt of her kimono, Mothra was able to secretly knock her knees together and rub her thighs against one another.

While she had taken her morning piddle before departing the first time, that was very early in the morning, before the sun could even be considered "risen". It felt a little weird to relieve herself while visiting her brother, so even though she was feeling the need while there, she told herself she would hold it until she returned home, to Infant Island. Then she got distracted by seeing her son, and the potential threat, and she temporarily forgot that she needed to pee, only being reminded with a strong pulse from her bladder once the two were well on their way.

By this point, it was too late to fly back, so she had to make a decision: hope they passed by an island to use as a rest stop, or simply relieve herself in the ocean. While that second option would certainly free her bodily functions, should the origin of these starfish be waiting for a fight, if she thought it was awkward to answer nature's call around her brother, it would be twice as uncomfortable to do it with her son right there. Even if she asked him to turn around and cover his ears, he would know exactly what his mother was doing.

If we happen to pass by an island, I'll make a stop. And if we don't, I'll just have to manage. And if I can't...well, I'd rather not think about that. Taking a deep breath, Mothra steeled herself, meditating in flight to push the need to the back of her mind. Problem was, even with her many, many years of expertise that included holding her urine, she couldn't defy nature. She couldn't simply ignore a need as severe as this, at least not through only mental fortitude.

She needed some form of distraction, she didn't want to be on-edge and stressed out when they arrived at their destination, and she'd need to do it the old-fashioned way. "So, what were you doing today, Leo?"

"Huh?" Seems that Leo wasn't paying much attention prior to being addressed, considering his shock at having to participate in a conversation. "I-I said before, I really just played around on the beach practicing new moves, me and Ghogo. I was getting really bored before you came back."

"Oh, sorry, I suppose I forgot." That topic ended quickly, but since Mothra was far from able to overlook her growing desperation, a second question was soon poised. "So, you brushed me off before, but what did the starfish do to you? How did it hurt you?"

"Um, I think it was, like, acid it spat out on me. You know, it hurt, like it was burning, but then Ghogo...you know, peed on it and made it better."

"Mmph!" Leo did say that the injury he had received was all healed, it was on her for not putting it together that Ghogo's special brand of healing was behind the recovery. And now her plan to distract herself from her bladder had backfired, as she now had the exact image of a little urination in her mind's eye. And this one wasn't going away so easily. "I-is that right? W-well t-then, we'll need to be extra careful when we find where these starfish are coming from."

"S-sure." Again, Leo was quick to kill the conversation, meaning Mothra had nothing to occupy herself with.

It's not like him to act so distant, especially not after getting so excited over coming. Maybe his nerves are getting the better of him? She wanted to soothe her son, but she couldn't think clearly enough to give him words of encouragement. In time, the air of worry circling the kaiju infected Mothra, far beyond a simple fear of having an accident. Is Leo going to be alright? Getting into fights with other monsters is really dangerous, he could get really hurt! Should I tell him to go home? Maybe I should tell him to go home. She turned her head as far to the side as she could to look at Leo, whose gaze was drawn to the side, inattentive.

No. He's not a little baby anymore. Having his mommy with him in his first fight could be a good learning experience, practice for when he's on his own one day. And he was so excited...but what if this monster is really strong? What if his first fight is against Ghidorah?! He could be in real danger! But I'd look really mean if I told him to go home now... "Leo, before we get where we're going, just in case there's a big, scary monster waiting, we should review some safety tips. What's the first thing we should do when encountering a stranger that we think might be aggressive?"

###

"And you really should run back to the ocean if you feel it's getting too hot. You don't want to be getting heatstroke."

For the last couple hours, Mothra had lectured Leo on proper safety, lessons he had heard plenty of times before. It wasn't that he was ungrateful for his mother's concern, but right now, he really just wanted some quiet time, to focus on keeping his bladder strong. Yet every time he felt like he was able to concentrate, his mom would come in with another piece of wisdom, that he would have to respond to, either to answer a question or just acknowledge that he understood, and his need to pee would grow ever so slightly.

By now, all those "ever so slightlys" had added up, and Leo really needed to go. Though he kept his hands by his sides, very deliberately, he couldn't help but rub his knees ahead and behind, keeping his member pressed tight between his legs. Please don't look back here, mom. He didn't want to squirm like this, but he didn't have much of a choice. If he didn't apply external pressure, the internal pressure would overtake him before long.

So, what could he do about it? Chances were starting to look slim that he'd make it the whole way, there and back again, completely dry, so what were his alternatives? He had never ventured far off Infant Island, and even then, very rarely, so he had no clue whether there would be an island on the route that he could use for a short break. And of course, it was way, way too late to go back. But, again, what could he do about it?

The only solution coming to mind was the massive one right below him: the vast ocean. He certainly had a lot of pee in him, but it was mere droplets compared to the ocean. Were he to drain himself, it would hardly make a difference. Even the blue of the ocean would only be disturbed a short while. Or, rather, the red of the ocean. They had flown so far, the starfish population had grown, dense enough that they were flying over a literal red sea.

But just because there would be little visible proof of his deed, that didn't make it right. I can't just pollute the water like that. Mom would be really disappointed in me, and Uncle Battra would be furious if he ever found out! No, I'm supposed to be a protector of the planet, I can't just...dirty its waters like that! Even just once...I can't go making exceptions for myself. He looked forward at his mother flying ahead, remembering the lessons she had taught him about proper guardian etiquette. And something else. And I can't...go in front of mom. It'd be so embarrassing...

Still, even though he knew the thought was wrong, he couldn't stop looking at the ocean, imagining just how much better he would feel if he could just take a whiz here. He could practically see what would be a strong stream flowing into the calm waters, causing ripples to form at the point of impact. Ripples much like the ones undulating on the surface now, actually, the ones currently growing in intensity. And the subtle sound of something rushing through the depths, increasing and ascending.

"Move!" Leo had never heard his mother so frantic, and before he could even understand what she was so panicked about, he hurriedly flapped his wings hard, reeling backwards from the recoil. And just in time, for as soon as he was clear of the rippling circle, it erupted into a massive tornado spout that reached high into the air, the many starfish occupying that space swirled up into the sky, forming a shield of sorts.

It was hard to see into the center of the tower, but even still, Leo could make out a figure: tall, stocky, and wide, with big, fleshy wings. And whatever it was, he was sure it wasn't friendly. However, because of the starfish barrier, he couldn't do anything but watch. His mother was obscured on the other side, so he could only assume she was doing the same.

Before long, the pillar dissipated, and the marine creatures fell with it, leaving nothing more than the mysterious figure floating in the air, fully illuminated by the daytime sun. Leo's initial assessments were correct: this kaiju was a muscular male with wide shoulders and a defined chest, visible through his skintight algae green wetsuit, with joints accented by skin tone patches, only more yellowed. And he had eyes colder than the deepest depths of the ocean, providing just as much pressure with nothing more than a simple glance.

"Who are you," Mothra called, in a stance that said she was ready to fight, both hands extended and crossed in front of her face, eyes not wavering. All of a sudden, Leo remembered that he should prepare his body as well, he held his left hand far in front of his face, fingers pointed upwards and thumb facing himself, while he balled his right hand into a fist and positioned it above his right breast.

Slowly, the kaiju turned in the air, turning his back to Leo as if he weren't even worth thinking about. "So the divine moths remain. Your kind was once more numerous than a mere two, if I'm not mistaken. Have the years been so cruel to your species? If you truly are 'guardians', as you once claimed, your job is far from over. That's why I was created, after all."

"'Created'? Ha! Monsters aren't 'created', they're just born," Leo loudly laughed, though with voice shaking.

The monster didn't even turn to Leo before responding. "They are when there's a specific need in the natural world that nature won't fill."

And Mothra didn't share Leo's objection. "So who are you? Why were you created?"

He was silent for an uncomfortably long time before answering. "Dagahra. Long ago, there were a people called the Nilai-Kanai, the most advanced in the world. They evolved so quickly, they polluted the planet with the waste of their technology. And rather than improve, they decided the better course of action was a creature that would clean up their trash, because no 'guardian' warned them of their folly. That's how I came to be. And I performed my task. I cleaned up garbage. I started with the Nilai-Kanai."

Leo gasped, and his stance loosened a bit, but Mothra didn't falter in the slightest. "So what prompted your return now?"

"I defeated the Nilai-Kanai, but was subsequently sealed by their technology. Fortunately, no prison can contain me forever, so millenia later, I rise again. And my children have had plenty to eat since my awakening."

"C-children?!" Not entirely of his own volition, Leo inched away. "You mean the starfish?! What are they eating?"

Again, Dagahra kept his back turned to the moth boy. "Barem. And they'll consume whatever crosses their path, strengthened by any pollution they can eat. With this world in the state it's in, it won't be long before they've had their fill. Humans will bring about their own destruction, as the natural order requires."

Mothra had kept a stern expression until now, but it fell after hearing that, and she grimaced. "You sound way too much like my brother..."

Not that he disagreed with his mother's assessment, but Leo went in a different direction for his response. "Anyone that threatens the innocent creatures of the Earth has to answer to us! We'll take you down!"

Finally, Dagahra looked at Leo, with a stare that froze Leo to the bone. "So the runt is actually looking for a fight. You're welcome to try, but be prepared to cry to your mother when you retreat. Assuming you live to see that."

It was a harsh thing to say when his mother was hovering right beneath him, one who didn't take kindly to her son being threatened. The two antennae sticking out of her head began to glow, a precursor to her Beam Pulser ability. Catching on to her strategy, Leo also began focusing energy into the triangle of birthmark dots on his forehead, his Crossheat Lasers. Their attacks shot forth simultaneously, two wavy rays from Mothra and three prismatic lasers from Leo, both aimed at Dagahra's large body. Dagahra, meanwhile, simply dropped back beneath the waves with a smirk, allowing the two blasts to harmlessly collide above his head with a flash. And as soon as he submerged, he seemingly vanished.

Though momentarily blinded by the glare, the two moths quickly began searching for their opponent, darting their heads around, rapidly realizing it was a fool's errand. "Do not let your guard down, Leo," Mothra warned, very seriously. "He has the environmental advantage, and he's not looking to be a pushover in a fight. We'll need to be cautious to win." In an effort to close their blind spots, Mothra backed up behind her son, looking in opposite directions with only their wings to separate them.

"I p-promise I'll be c-careful," Leo stuttered. And he was starting to regret coming out here, like he was in way over his head. Leo had lived a very comfortable life on Infant Island, and he had never felt fear anything like this. A sense of bravado was the only thing keeping him from freezing in terror at the prospect of having to fight Dagahra.

And that was far from the only thing keeping him from peak performance. "H-hnh," he squealed, crossing his legs tightly. And I gotta pee! I've never needed to pee so bad in my life! Were he unoccupied...well, he never would have let it get anywhere close to this bad if he had the freedom, but if he somehow did become so desperate, he'd be scrambling for some trees by now. His chances were starting to look poor, and some part of him was now rethinking his adamant refusal to pee in the ocean, to eliminate the chance that it could hamper his fighting ability. How am I supposed to beat Dagahra if I'm barely avoiding having an accident?!

Too bad that Dagahra wasn't going to make taking a little break easy for reasons beyond his mere presence. Even though two kaiju were searching for him, he still managed to burst forth from beneath the waves undetected. He wasn't able to get behind Mothra, but he still shot upwards to her side, sharply reducing the time she had to prepare for the onslaught of attacks sure to follow from the pulled back fist already at the ready.

However, unknown to Dagahra, Mothra had a specific style of fighting, one that did not prioritize head-on fighting. Because of that, as the right jab came swinging at her, she slid through the air, flowing around the punch, feeling nothing but the wind behind the blow, strong enough to send Leo tumbling away. Mothra couldn't dodge the next fist, a left jab, and could only intercept the attack with her forearm, and while she blocked it without serious damage, she was still forced back by the impact. Because she was being forced back, she could do nothing but counter each attack in a flurry of matching blows of both arms and legs, each collision sending out a wave of power strong enough to keep anyone else away.

Leo could only watch from a distance as his mother engaged in a fierce battle, almost too fast to watch. His eyes continued darting back and forth to follow the flow of the fight, his brow furrowing as worry continued to dig a pit in his stomach. But, if he couldn't get close, for fear of causing interference, then there was only one thing he could do to help. Sticking his right arm out as far as he could, he stretched out his index and pinkie fingers until they were sore, and focused a strong quantity of energy into the limb, causing green lightning to crackle around his sleeve. Though he was shaking, he used his other hand to guide his aim, lining it with Dagahra, and let the pent-up power run wild. "Petite Railgun!"

A perfectly straight bolt of green electricity erupted out at the speed of sound with a deafening echo, with recoil so strong that Leo went zooming back, taking everything he had to stay upright. It was a powerful special move, but he had neglected to take one thing into account: Dagahra was the one on the offensive. He could stop attacking at any time without penalty, and did so, dashing back and dodging the bullet with room to spare. Mothra, on the other hand, had the speeding green lightning zoom a hair past her nose, close enough to feel the heat and hear the static. Her pupils shrunk to the size of grains of sand as her jaw dropped, and she froze.

Even though he had an open shot, Dagahra chose not to continue his pursuit of Mothra, instead turning his attention to Leo. "You're eager to die, aren't you?" Immediately, Leo regretted attempting to muscle in, but there wasn't much he could do now. Dagahra rushed the kaiju boy with a burst that could be mistaken for a sonic boom, and wrapped his large hand around Leo's face, slamming the moth against the surface of the water, which felt like a solid surface under the force, and dunking him under. Leo tried to fight back, but as he was, he couldn't hit hard enough to break the monster's grip.

"Get away from him!" With a mother's fury, Mothra charged in to save her little boy. And flew straight into Dagahra's other hand, held open to catch her in a grip identical to the one binding her son. With two bugs in his clutches, the aquatic kaiju lifted the younger one back into the air, feeling him gasp for breath against his palm, and held the two up at equal height, at which point he slammed their heads together. And while they were both seeing doubles, he dragged them across the waves at Mach 2. Finally, once he tired of skidding kaiju, he skipped them like stones with a thrust and a toss, and they landed with such force that every nearby Barem was pushed far away.

He didn't seem interested in pursuing any further for the time being, leaving Mothra and Leo floating on the surface. Mothra, on her back, groaned. "He's really a league above most."

Face down, Leo's response came out as nothing more than air bubbles. But, whatever he said, he was thinking something entirely different. It's a good thing I'm already in the water... He couldn't be blamed for it, considering how much he was getting the stuffing beaten out of him, with a very full bladder, but a warm jet of urine spurted into his shorts, dissipating in a tiny yellow cloud in the salty water.

He wanted to let the rest out. He really wanted to let the rest of the pee gush out from his poor bladder. It'd certainly allow him to focus a bit more on Dagahra, something that was clearly needed, considering the gap in power. I...I gotta...I really, really gotta...but I can't make the water all dirty! It took a lot longer to convince himself of the moral implications this time, but he kept the high ground regardless.

The momentary loss of control did make one fact abundantly clear, though: this fight needed to end soon. Maybe, just maybe, if this great monster battle was won quickly, Leo could have just enough strength to fly back to Infant Island dry. It was a lot of "ifs" and "maybes", but it was the only light he had, the only outcome that didn't involve doing the unforgivable deed of relieving himself in the water. The only question was, how could he pull it off? Even mom's getting tossed around by this guy! Even if we work together, what chance do we have? Oh...even if we can win, it's gonna take forever! I'm not gonna be able to hold it!

Even now, with an oppressive danger looming close, Leo could only muster up the strength to flip himself upright to breathe. Mom...Mom always said I had a lot of power buried deep inside me. Well, I feel a lot of something, alright! I just need to draw that power out while keeping the other stuff inside. Ha, easy... Can't I catch a break here?! No matter how much he grit his teeth, tried to use his resolve to fuel his body, it was all he could do to tilt his head upwards and see Dagahra looking at the two from afar. And see him begin charging towards them. Leo very nearly leaked again at the sight.

And if he didn't leak at that, he most certainly did in surprise at what followed. Just as Dagahra was bearing down upon them, a crossing beam of light came shooting from the dark depths, aimed squarely at the imposing kaiju. Dagahra used his arms to block and power through the blast, until a second followed, and a third, and a fourth, and added together, the pressure sent the monster soaring back with a shout.

Before Leo could even ask what just happened, everything began shaking. The waves that formed as a result would have been enough to sweep them away, were it not for something rising out from beneath the water and lifting them out. Only when he was no longer riding the rolling ripples was Leo able to prop himself up, almost sitting fully upright with his legs splayed ahead. As he quickly discovered when he darted his view around, in as many directions as possible without completely spinning his head.

And he'd never believe it were he not seeing it with his own eyes. A tall stone pyramid rising into the open, water streaming down its many stairs, outlining the carved patterns on the walls. Adorning each of the four sides was a raised statue of a dragon's head on pillars, and from their mouths, the energy beams holding back Dagahra. Leo's mind started going wild with so many rapid thoughts, he was speechless. Mothra was the only one with a vocal observation. "Has this always been resting here?"

"Ggrrghh...you damn Nilai-Kanai," Dagahra roared. "Even now, you think you can control me!" With his sharp teeth bared, the kaiju screamed, his voice nothing but rage, forcefully breaking his guard stance, with a fury strong enough that he no longer paid the beams of the Nilai-Kanai Guardian Towers any mind, even as they made direct contact with his body. Clutching a fist hard enough to draw blood from his palm, and veins outlined on his forehead distinct enough to rupture, Dagahra rushed to the guardian moths again, still screaming.

Both Mothra and Leo saw the beast coming and scrambled to their feet. Leo, however, ran into a little snag along the way. While he was on one knee, that knee resting behind his hips while his foot was as far forward as it could be while keeping his other knee bent, only just lifting his pelvis off the stone floor, his holding strength faltered, only for a moment, but a longer moment than any previous spurt. It still stopped in less than a second, but the warm dampness spread quickly across the front of his pants, and even that tepid temperature sent shivers up his spine when it was in direct contact with his little member. And he froze in place with a blank stare, the light having seemingly disappeared from his eyes.

Even while staggering to her feet, his mother certainly picked up on her son's slow responses. Her eyes darted between Dagahra bearing down on her and Leo kneeling down beside her. Without taking her attention off the impending enemy, she made an order. "Leo, get out of here. Fly away." She gulped, but her stern expression never softened.

"W-what?" Leo climbed to his feet, seemingly now able to completely ignore his discomfort. "Mom, I'm not going to leave you here! You can't beat this guy by yourself!" He wasn't naive enough to think his mother would win this fight with how it was going so far, and while he also realized this would be his only opportunity to get out of here now and stand a chance of relieving his bursting bladder, this was much more important.

She opened her mouth for a retort, but was interrupted by Dagahra's fist-led charge reaching her, aimed squarely at her jaw. With all the grace of someone slipping on the wet stone, Mothra's feet slid out from beneath her, so the punch collided with nothing but her falling hair, and once she landed on her butt, she kicked a leg up as high as her kimono would allow, hitting Dagahra's abdomen with her heel and using her point of leverage, combined with his momentum, to toss the kaiju over her and into the pyramid, opening him up to another blast from the Guardian Towers. But she didn't forget what she was saying before. "Mothra Leo, you are going back to Infant Island right this second!"

He tried, really, but Leo could find no words. Mom never calls me by my full name...not unless she's being really serious. With a direct order like that from his mother, he had no choice but to obey. Only problem was, he couldn't get his wings to listen. They had long since folded onto his back, and he couldn't get them to unfurl no matter how hard he tried to force it. Come on, come on! What's messing me up?! Instead, his only means of escape was running away, tripping over his own feet in the process, dashing around the corner of the pyramid, cowering behind one of the Guardian Towers. On the other side of the structure, he could see nothing, but he heard countless, rapid sounds of fierce battle.

Even when he couldn't see, Leo buried his face in the pillar and closed his eyes. She's still fighting... Mom's still fighting, and I'm hiding in a corner! He clutched the grooves of the Guardian Tower, and his legs never stopped shaking. And I'm gonna wet myself! He took one hand off the pillar and instead used it to grip the boyhood bulge on his shorts, just in time to feel another spurt of urine jet out, and now the moisture found its way onto his palm, like his shorts weren't even a barrier, too wet to contain any more pee. "A-aah!" He crossed his knees over one another, squeezing his legs together tight enough that it started to hurt, adding to the burning sensation of a boiling flood barely being contained at the base of his privates.

The square, stone, carved pillar hardly resembled a round, wooden, bark-covered tree trunk, but the more Leo looked at it, the more he began to visualize what would, in the best of circumstances, be his prime choice on where to answer nature's call. He knew, it still wasn't at all an "acceptable" place to go, but to a kid drowning in desperation, the similarities to somewhere okay were overwhelming. Much like how he would watch his golden stream snake between the cracks of a tree's bark, Leo could picture those same exact fluid mechanics taking place in the patterned carvings of the tower. "Gah!" Cue another leak, trickling down his leg.

Agh, I gotta go worse than ever before! If I don't go now, I'll never make it! Taking his other hand off the pillar, absolutely sure that his other hand kept its death grip on his lower half, he took the elastic waist of his shorts in the gap between thumb and fingers, stretching it forward and shoving it down, beginning to show what laid beneath his pants to the sun's rays. I can't believe I'm about to do this... Mom is right over there, she could see me at any moment... And Dagahra would have free reign to take me down if he caught me going tinkle! But I can't help mom beat him if I'm only barely stopping myself from having an accident, so I have to do this! He grit his teeth and reached down his pants to pull his penis out, but all throughout, his legs never stopped shaking.

A mere fraction of a second before he pulled his dripping tip into the open, Leo finally realized. It's not because I need to pee. At least, not all of it. I'm...I'm scared. Yeah, why wouldn't I be? I could die! Me and...and mom could die... He looked down at his shaft, twitching in his grasp, expecting release soon. Mom could die, and I'm more worried about going pee?! How am I supposed to grow up and protect the world, when I can't even protect my mom right there?! Mom would never put herself before me, so I gotta do the same! I have to go help her, whatever it takes! Shoving his little guy back into his shorts, Leo looked at the Guardian Tower he was moments away from showering one final time, wistfully. But I really hope I can still hold it... With a newfound resolve, he unfurled his wings and took off, over the summit of the Nilai-Kanai Temple. With a hand still on his groin, of course.

###
