Spice and Wolf: Wolf and Desperation

Author: Char242

*000*2018-06-16 04:53

A cool breeze filled the air as a horse-drawn cart made its way down a dirt path. The man at the reigns was twenty-five-year-old Kraft Lawrence, a traveling merchant. Sitting on the bench next to him was his traveling companion Holo. While to most people she looked like a normal fifteen-year-old girl, she was anything but. In truth, Holo was actually a six-hundred-year-old elephant-sized wolf who could take human form, although her ears and tail remained visible. They had first met in the town of Pasole, where Holo was worshiped as a harvest deity. However, due to the townsfolk beginning to forsake her, she wanted to leave for her original home. Lawrence helped her escape while promising that he would help her get back home. The two had been traveling together ever since.

As the two made their way through the countryside, Holo was brushing the tail that she was very proud of. “This wind is making the fur on my beautiful tail stand up,” grunted Holo as she did her best to keep the fur nice and tidy. After a few more minutes of trying to keep her fur down, she eventually gave up. “How vexing,” she complained as she put her comb away.

“Even with the wind, your tail still looks beautiful,” smiled Lawrence. In the months that he had been traveling with her, he had learned that it was best to compliment her in situations like this or risk hearing her complain.

“My tail is truly glorious,” agreed Holo as she playfully tickled Lawrence’s cheek with her tail. “Have you ever seen such a soft and smooth coat as mine?”

“Can’t say that I have,” replied Lawrence as he looked at the fluffy appendage. “I bet it would fetch a hefty profit.”

“You shall do no such thing!” retorted Holo as she grabbed her tail and yanked it away. “Tis money the only thing you think about?” she asked as she cradled her tail.

“No, I think of other things as well.”

“Like what?”

“I think about getting you back for all the times you teased me,” laughed Lawrence. His laugh was quickly silenced by an elbow to the ribs. “Owww.”

“Your joke was not funny,” whimpered Holo, as she buried her face in her tail. Her voice sounded as though she were about to cry. “Would you like it if I said that I was going to sell one of your body parts?”

“I guess I wouldn’t,” answered Lawrence, now feeling ashamed of himself. “Look, I was just joking. I didn’t think you would take it so personally.”

“Well I did,” mumbled Holo through her tail.

Lawrence turned his head away from her and said, “I’m sorry. I went too far.”

“Yes, you did,” agreed Holo.

Lawrence scratched his head as he thought about what to do. “Would it make you feel better if I bought you something when we get to the next town? It wouldn’t go against the debt you already owe.”

“Could it be anything I want?”

“As long as it is within reason.”

“I want apples,” mumbled Holo. Apples were one of her favorite foods. In fact, she could eat many of them in one setting

“But you already have a sack of them in the back of the cart,” said Lawrence. “Do you really think you need more?”

“But you said I could have anything I wanted,” sniffled Holo.

“Fine,” relented Lawrence. “I’ll get you more.”

“The nice juicy ones?” she asked

“Yeah, the nice and juicy ones,” agreed Lawrence.

“You truly are a nice man,” chuckled Holo. As Lawrence turned his head, he saw that Holo was grinning from ear to ear. Once again, he had fallen for one of her tricks.

“I can’t believe you tricked me,” cried Lawrence, his face flush with embarrassment.

“Tis your own fault for being so gullible,” smiled Holo. Lawrence watched as Holo got up from the bench, and pulled back the tarp covering the cart. She then reached into the back of the cart, opened a large sack and pulled out an apple. As she took a bite, she said, “Be sure to keep your promise.”

“I will,” grumbled Lawrence as he stared at the dirt path straight ahead. All the while, he was thinking about how much the apples were going to cost him.

###

Roughly an hour later, Lawrence pulled the cart off to the side of the road. Holo was no longer on the bench beside him. After gorging herself on some of the apples in the sack, she had crawled underneath the tarp in the back of the cart for a nap. On the floor where she had been sitting were ten apple cores. “What a gluttonous wolf,” he whispered to himself as he slowly got down from the cart to stretch his legs. He grabbed the cores and brought them over to his horse.

As the horse chowed down on the remains of the apples, Lawrence felt the call of nature. Looking around, he saw that his surroundings was pure grassy countryside with no trees, bushes, or large rocks in sight. While he didn’t mind going outside, he thought that it would be embarrassing if somebody happened to come by and spot him relieving himself out in the open. Deciding that there was not much alternative, he walked over to the side of the cart opposite of the road. After making a quick check to make sure nobody was around, he set to work. Suddenly a rustling noise came from the back of the cart. Before Lawrence had time to react, Holo popped up from underneath the tarp. They were now face to face. Lawrence’s face went beet-red.

“What is the matter?” asked Holo as she looked at his red cheeks. “Is there something wrong with the cart?” As she looked down, she noticed something poking out the top of Lawrence’s pants. It took her a couple seconds to realize what was going on. “What are you doing?” she asked inquisitively as she continued to stare at it.

“I felt the urge to go,” replied Lawrence as he shifted his body away from Holo. “Now could you please turn away. I can’t go with you watching.”

“You humans are so strange,” noted Holo, as she tried to get a better view. “Wolves and other creatures have no problem urinating where they stand regardless of who or what might be watching, yet you humans get so flustered the moment you think that somebody is watching. Why is that?”

“I don’t know,” replied Lawrence, doing his best to keep what little composure he had left, “that’s just the way it is. Can you honestly tell me that you would have no problem going out in the open where someone might see you?”

“Why would I have a problem?” asked Holo. “I have spent centuries living in the wheat fields of Pasole. When I had to pee, I would pee where ever I happened to be when I felt the need. In fact, if I had to go this second, I would likely get down from this cart and join you.”

“That’s very funny,” blushed Lawrence as he looked away. “You’re just trying to get me back for teasing you earlier.” Suddenly he felt warm breath near his cheek. As he turned his head, he saw that Holo was now centimeters from his face.

“I was not joking,” said Holo, a serious expression on her face. Lawrence watched as Holo slowly stood up and began pulling down her pants.

Holo had only managed to pull them down an inch or so before Lawrence screamed, “Stop that!”

Suddenly Holo burst out laughing. “Did you honestly think that I was serious?” She laughed so hard that tears formed in her eyes. “The look on your face is priceless.”

“So you were just joking about peeing next to me?” asked Lawrence.

“Of course,” laughed Holo. She then placed her fingers under his chin and said, “However, I would do it if you really want me to.”

“Okay, I get it,” stuttered Lawrence. “Now can you please look the other way or something. I really need to go.”

“Well I guess it cannot be helped since you are still but a child,” teased Holo.

“And what’s that supposed to mean?”

“Simply that you are a child for being so discomforted by something as trivial as preserving your modesty. It is quite laughable really.”

Holo’s statement caused something inside Lawrence to snap. “Fine, I’ll show you that I don’t need my modesty.” Holo watched as Lawrence repositioned his body so that she had full view of what he was about to do. A few seconds later, a stream came down, splashing the dirt and grass below.

As she sat there watching it, she found that the desire to go as well was beginning to take root. They had been on the road since dawn and from the position of the sun in the sky, Holo guessed that it must be around midday, maybe a little later. In all that time, she had not gone once. While in her wolf-form she could easily hold it for a long duration of time, but when she was in her human form her ability to hold it was still impressive but not nearly as great. In her human form, she could hold it maybe half a day or more, however not nearly that much time could have passed since she had last gone. It didn’t occur to her at the time that the juice from the apples she had eaten was the cause of her bladder’s growing discomfort.

“Hey Holo,” said Lawrence, his words making Holo lose her train of thought. “In all seriousness, we are a bit behind schedule and to make up for that, I don’t plan on stopping again until the sun sets. If you need to go, I suggest you do it before we take off.”

“I don’t have to go right now,” answered Holo. While she didn’t mind peeing within view of Lawrence, she found it too bothersome to get out of the cart and force herself to go when she really didn’t have to go all that bad. She figured that she could wait until they stopped to set up camp for the night. Little did she know how wrong she was.

“Are you sure?” asked Lawrence as he finished up and walked towards the front of the cart. “You say that now, but it would be a real bother to have to stop later. Why don’t you just go now?”

“Look Lawrence, I am not some pup who needs to be told when and where to relieve herself,” said Holo indignantly. “I am Holo the Wise Wolf. I am perfectly capable of deciding when I need to pee and where I should do it. Now if you excuse me, I am going to go back to my nap.”

“Alright,” relented Lawrence as he got back in his seat. “Just don’t come complaining to me when you need to go.”

“I will not,” said Holo. As she began moving some stuff around, she noticed a strange looking pot. She picked it up in her hands and began examining it. The outside of it was covered with elaborate carvings. From the look and smell of it, it seemed pretty old. Truthfully, it seemed out of place amongst all the items that Lawrence had collected. “Lawrence, why do you have something like this?”

Lawrence seeing the pot in Holo’s hands quickly ran over and snatched it from her. “Please be careful. This is a valuable item that I was asked to transport by the Rowen Trading Guild. They told me that it’s really expensive and tasked me with delivering it to a buyer in a small town not far from Kumersun. If I can deliver it safely by tomorrow evening, I’ll be paid roughly ten percent of the profit.”

“And how much would that be?” asked Holo, her interest peaked.

“Thirty Trenni silver coins,” stated Lawrence. “With that much money we’ll be set for a while. However, if anything happens to it that decreases its value or makes it unsellable, then I will have to pay the difference out of my own pocket.”

“So your telling me that that old pot is worth that much?” asked Holo as she watched him place it back in the cart.

“Yes.”

“I see. Humans truly are strange to place such value on something that can neither feed them nor keep them warm,” commented Holo. She then laid down in the cart and closed her eyes. Not long after that, she felt the cart begin to move.

###

Holo managed to get a few hours of sleep before she was awoken by a throbbing pain in her crotch. The urge to pee had grown strong enough that she wouldn’t mind a bathroom break. However, she soon remembered Lawrence’s words about not stopping until they settled for the night. Not wanting to give him an opportunity to say he told her so, she decided that she would just try to sleep through the pain. Surely they would be stopping for the night soon. She closed her eyes once more and tried to get some more sleep.

###

A couple more hours passed before Holo gave up on sleeping. The ride had been extremely bumpy and the constant bucking of the cart had jostled her bladder to the point that she found rest impossible. As she opened her eyes and looked up at the sky, she noticed that the sun had almost completely set. Holo could feel her bladder muscles beginning to weaken as she sat up. If she did not go soon, she would likely wet herself. As she contemplated asking Lawrence to pull over, she decided against it as it would mean admitting that Lawrence was right when he questioned her ability to hold it until they stopped for the night. Being the prideful wolf that she was, there was no way she could accept such a defeat. Suddenly she heard Lawrence’s voice. “I can see a small forest just beyond that group of hills. We’ll sleep there for tonight. It’ll be dark by the time we get there though.” As he turned his head, he noticed she was squirming a bit. “Do you need me to pull over?”

“I am fine,” lied Holo. However, minutes later she found herself at her limit. She wanted to ask him to stop, but her pride wouldn’t let her. From the pain emanating from her now bulging bladder, she knew that there was no way she could make it until they stopped to settle down for the night. That meant that she had three options. She could pee over the side of the cart, she could admit that she was wrong about her ability to hold it, or she could wet herself. Out of the three, the first one seemed the best. As she prepared herself to move over to the side of the cart, the cart began shaking up and down harder than before. Holo knew that if she tried to pee over the side of the cart now, she would likely lose her balance and fall out. That left her with the other two options. Both would require her to throw her pride away. Of the two options left, the one where she didn’t wet herself was the most ideal.

Just as she was getting ready to tap Lawrence on the shoulder and tell him to pull over, a small glint of moonlight shining off the pot caught her eye. Looking at the expensive pot, a fourth option came to mind: she could pee in it. She licked her lips at the thought of that option as she whispered, “As long as I clean it thoroughly, he will never know what I have done.” As she inched towards the pot, she realized that her desperation had made her forget one major detail. If she peed into the pot, the noise would surely alert Lawrence who would then get mad at her for using the pot for such a purpose. It would seem that the fourth option was no longer viable.

Suddenly the countryside erupted with a deafening roar of crickets. It was almost as if the universe were trying to tell her to take the fourth option. Still a bit apprehensive that Lawrence might hear her, Holo, using her normal speaking voice said, “Lawrence if you can hear me, please turn around.” She waited a few seconds, but Lawrence did not turn around. This was all the proof she needed to determine that the cries of the crickets would be more than enough to cover the sound of her peeing.

Then as quietly as possible, she grabbed the pot and crawled as far back into the cart as she could. With her back towards Lawrence, she slowly pulled her pants down to her ankles and spread her legs. The feeling of the cart’s wooden floor against her butt made her shudder a bit. Turning her attention to the pot in her hands, she could hear Lawrence’s words about how valuable it was echoing through her head. Beginning to have second thoughts, she whispered to herself, “Can I really do this?” A few seconds passed by as she thought about how Lawrence might react if he found out what she was planning to do and how it might hurt him financially. Her conscience getting the best of her, she gently placed the pot to the side.

As Holo leaned forward to grab hold of her pants, something spurted out from between her legs. Thinking quickly, she closed her legs as tightly as she could. While she had been able to stop the spurt from hitting her pants, she could feel something warm and wet running down her inner thighs. She then turned her attention to the small puddle on the wood floor in front of her. It seemed to shimmer in the moonlight for a few seconds before being absorbed into the wood. Holo slowly opened her legs and ran one of her hands along her damp thigh. Despite knowing what it was, she still felt the need to confirm it by lifting her hand towards her nose and taking a whiff. It was indeed urine. Realizing that she was out of time, she grabbed the pot and jammed it into her crotch.

Suddenly her bladder burst, sending a tsunami of piss into the pot. Even with the crickets chirping all around them, Holo’s wolf ears could still hear the sound of her pee as it slapped and sloshed against the pot’s interior. Wondering if Lawrence could hear it as well, Holo turned her head and saw that Lawrence was still fixated on the road ahead of them. Turning her attention back to the pot, she noticed that her stream was still going strong. She quickly realized that if she didn’t finish up and soon, Lawrence might turn around and see what she was up to.

Holo inhaled deeply, and began pushing her stream with all the force she could muster. The tsunami spewing forth from her crotch transformed into a highly pressurized jet. Holo listened as the sound of sloshing was quickly replaced by a drilling sound. As she entered the second minute of her relief, she found herself looking up at the stars. “That was a concerningly close call,” she quietly moaned to herself as her tail began to wag a bit. By the time the third minute rolled around, her piss jet had been reduced to a small spray. After four minutes, all that was left were a few drops.

As she slowly pulled the pot away from her, she could see that she had almost filled it up completely. Looking down at the moon’s reflection in her urine, she uttered to herself, “It has been a long time since I have had to go like that. If I had been in my wolf form, surely I would have created a new lake.” The very thought made her chuckle to herself. She was soon brought back to reality when a small bump almost caused her to spill the pot. Realizing that another bump could cause the pot’s contents to spill over, Holo tightened her grip on the pot and got to her knees. She then threw the contents of the pot over the backside of the cart, her ears catching the splashing sound as her urine smashed into the grass and dirt below. Holo then hid the pot between a couple crates of nails. Next, she turned her attention to her thighs which were still wet. Finding an old rag tucked off to the side of the cart she quickly wiped herself dry.

Before Holo could pull up her pants, she heard Lawrence call out, “What are you doing back there?” As Holo turned her head, she saw that Lawrence was now staring at her.

“I was just oiling up my tail,” lied Holo.

“And you took your pants off to do it?”

“Of course I did. I find tis easier to get my entire tail this way,” answered Holo as she pulled up her pants and crawled back into the front seat.

“Makes sense I guess,” said Lawrence as he returned his attention to the road ahead of them. A small forest next to a lake was beginning to come into view. “We should be there in a couple minutes. Do you still need to go?”

“Actually, I do not feel the urge to go at all.”

“Alright,” replied Lawrence, a little bit suspicious. However, his attention was more focused on getting some rest after having traveled all day.

###

Not long after setting up camp, Lawrence had leaned himself up against a tree on a small hill overlooking the lake, and had soon fallen asleep. Meanwhile, Holo was inside the back of the cart, quietly waiting for her chance to sneak the pot down to the river to wash it out. Once she was sure that Lawrence was asleep, she grabbed the pot and some rags and began making her way out of the cart. She paused for a second when the cart let out a loud creak and was relieved when she realized that Lawrence was still asleep. Holo with the pot in hand, ran down to the lake and began washing it.

Several minutes passed before Holo pulled the pot away from the water and took a whiff. She crinkled her nose. The pot still smelled of wolf piss. “I guess I need to try a little harder,” whispered Holo to herself. She dunked the pot back in the lake again and continued washing it. A few more minutes passed before she took another whiff. It still reeked of piss. Holo’s ears folded down and her body began trembling as she began to realize that the smell wasn’t going to come out. What scared her all the more was the reaction she would get from Lawrence the moment he found out what she had done.

As she sat and thought about what to do next, her stomach began growling. Unable to think with her stomach rumbling, she walked back up to the cart, opened the sack from earlier and took out an apple. As Holo raised the apple to her mouth, she couldn’t help but notice it’s sweet scent. Suddenly an idea hit her. Back when she had first met Lawrence, she had tricked a fellow merchant into paying extra for furs that she had placed her apples on, giving the furs a fruity scent. Maybe just maybe, she could do something similar. Placing the apple in her mouth, she grabbed the sack of apples and began making her way back towards the lake. However, as she passed Lawrence’s horse, it let out a loud whine.

“SHHHH,” she spat as she took the apple out of her mouth. The horse looked at the apple in her hand, ready to whine again. “Look, if you stay quiet I will give you the apple.” The horse seemed to nod as though it knew what she was saying. Holo extended the apple out to the horse, who in turn accepted it. Not wanting to lose any more precious apples, Holo ran past the horse.

The moment she reached the lake, she got down on her knees and emptied the sack of apples. Holo placed the pot in her lap then began the process of biting into the apples to make them easier to juice. She then collected the juice in the pot. Once she had collected enough to almost fill up the pot, she began swishing the juice around. After a few minutes of swishing it around, she dumped out the juice and then washed the pot again. Her hands began trembling as she brought the pot up to her nose. She prayed that the smell would be gone. Holo inhaled deeply. A split second later her ears perked up and her tail began to wag. The pot no longer had the bitter smell of piss. Rather the rancid odor had been replaced with the sweet fragrance of the apples.

“That is one problem solved,” she said as she breathed a sigh of relief. Then out of the corner of her eye, she saw the mashed up remains of her apples still lying on the sack. Not wanting them to go to waste, she began scarfing it down. In total she would eat a little over two dozen apples that night.

###

Lawrence opened his eyes just as the first light of dawn pierced the morning sky. He slowly rose to his feet and let out a loud yawn. “Holo, it’s time to wake up,” he called as he began stretching. No response came. He tried again but to no avail. Beginning to get a little worried, he approached the cart and looked inside. Both Holo and the pot were nowhere to be found. “HOLO WHERE ARE YOU?” he screamed. The only response he got were a bunch of scared birds as they fled the tree behind him. Lawrence then turned his attention to the lake. He walked back over to hill and looked down. Sure enough, Holo was laying down in the grass. Just as he was about to breathe a sigh of relief, a breeze came up from the lake brining the sound of a moan with it. Lawrence made a mad dash towards Holo. He quickly knelt down and scooped her into his arms. “Holo, are you okay?” he asked.

“No,” whimpered Holo, who was now clutching her stomach.

“What’s wrong?”

“Too many apples,” she moaned.

Out of the corner of his eye, Lawrence noticed that there were at least a couple dozen apple cores piled onto an empty sack. “Did you eat all of these?”

“Yes,” she whined, “and now I feel sick.”

“Serves you right for being a glutton,” commented Lawrence as he helped her sit up. As he turned his head, he noticed the pot laying on its side. “What did you do?” screamed Lawrence as he crawled over to the pot.

“I did nothing,” moaned Holo as she did her best not to vomit. But Lawrence did not seem to hear her. He was too busy looking over the pot for scratches, chips, and cracks. After a couple minutes of carefully examining the outside, Lawrence turned his attention to the inside. As he began looking inside, a fragrant smell drifted from the pot into his nostrils. It had a sweet and somewhat fruity scent.

“Holo, what is this scent? It wasn’t here when I picked up the pot from Rowen Trading Guild.”

“Tis apples,” admitted Holo as she weaved a story in her head.

“Why does it smell like apples?”

“Because I poured my apples into it.”

“Why?”

“Because my apples kept rolling out of the sack when we were on that really bumpy road.”

“And why is the pot down here?”

“I wanted to wash out the apple smell, but no matter how hard I tried I could not.”

“That’s fine I guess,” said Lawrence as he thought about a way to explain it to the buyer. His attention the turned back to the remains of the apples. “And all the apple cores?”

“I had to eat the apples because they were beginning to bruise. If I had not, the apples would have gone to waste,” lied Holo. Lawrence gave her a suspicious look, but after seeing the pain that Holo was in, decided not to question her any further. He gently handed her the pot and told her to hang on to it as tightly as she could. Lawrence then picked her up in his arms. “What are you doing?” asked a blushing Holo. “I can walk perfectly fine by myself.”

“Since you said you were feeling sick, I just assumed that you would have a little trouble getting back to the cart. I can put you down if you like.”

“Well if you are that intent on helping me, then I suppose I could let you have the honor of carrying me,” said Holo.

“Thanks, I guess,” replied Lawrence, not really sure how to respond to that. “Also, I’m sorry that your apples got ruined because of the journey here. I promise I’ll buy you more after we deliver this pot to the buyer.”

“Can I have as many as I want?” asked Holo.

“As long as it’s within reason, I don’t see why not. Although I’m surprised that you can still think of eating apples after eating that many. You truly are a glutton of a wolf.”

“But you like me this way,” chimed Holo.

“I guess I do,” agreed Lawrence. Of course he was too busy focusing on the path ahead of him to notice that Holo was blushing and her tail was wagging.

“You truly do not play fair, do you,” she whispered.

“What was that?” asked Lawrence.

“Nothing,” replied Holo as her mind began to shift to all the adventures they had shared thus far, and would likely share in the future. As things stood right now, she didn’t care how long it took to get to Yoitsu so long as she didn’t have to be alone anymore.

