Issei and Koneko: A Devil's Desperation

Author: Char242

*000*2018-02-20 04:23

Author's note: This is a sequel to "Issei, Rias and Akeno: Trapped in the Men's Room" and its predecessor "Issei, Asia, and the Beach Bathroom Incident" Just like the other stories, this one takes place in the world of Highschool DXD. Hope you enjoy.

It was a sunny Wednesday morning and Issei was taking advantage of the summer vacation to sleep in as much as he wanted. As he lay in bed having his usual dream of achieving his goal of becoming Harem King, Asia walked into his room and sat on the bed. “Issei, it’s time to wake up,” said Asia as she began nudging him. Issei rolled over to face her, slightly irritated that his pleasant dream had been interrupted

“Five more minutes,” whined Issei.

“But Rias said that we need to be at the school by 10 o’clock and it’s almost 9:30,” said a worried Asia as she began nudging him harder to get him to wake up.

“But it’s summer vacation. Just tell her I’m not feeling well and go on without me,” said Issei as he rolled back over.

“Come on Issei,” cried Asia, “we need to obey Rias’s orders”. However, Issei had already fallen back to sleep. “I guess I have no choice,” said Asia as she whistled for her dragon familiar, Rassei. As the blue baby dragon came into the room Asia ordered it to do whatever it took to wake Issei up. Suddenly the dragon opened its mouth and blasted Issei with a powerful electric shock.

“I’m up! I’m up!” cried Issei as he jumped out of bed. “Please just call him off”

“Alright,” said Asia. “Please get ready.” She and her familiar left the room for Issei to get dressed. As he was dressing himself in his school uniform, he wondered why Rias wanted to see them.

###

Asia and Issei made it to the Occult Research clubroom just a few minutes before ten. As they entered they saw what looked like an exhausted Rias leaning back on the couch. “Are you okay?” asked Issei as he walked over and sat in one of the chairs across from her.

“I’m fine,” said Rias as Akeno walked in and placed a cup of tea in front of her. “I just spent the last two hours explaining to the student council how the damage to the boy’s locker room occurred and arguing about who should be the one to fix it since we don’t have the money in our club’s budget to pay for the repairs. Unfortunately, we’re stuck paying for the repairs.”

“Are we going to be all right?” asked a worried Asia.

“Everything is going to be just fine. Akeno and I will be taking a trip to the Underworld to ask my brother for help,” said Rias calmly.

“Wait a sec, you’re going to ask the king of the underworld, Sirzechs, to pay for something we broke?” asked a stunned Issei. “Won’t we get in trouble?”

“My brother is pretty understanding so I don’t think it should be too much of an issue. However, I didn’t call you two here to talk to you about this,” replied Rias. She turned her head and yelled, “Koneko, Kiba, you can come in now.” Seconds later, the two entered the room and stood behind Rias, awaiting their orders. Rias turned her attention back to Asia and Issei. “It has come to my attention that the two of you have not been fulfilling your devil contract quota. That being said, Kiba will be accompanying Asia when performing her contracts today while Koneko will be supervising Issei. Both Kiba and Koneko have the client information you will need for today.”

“Why do I have to be stuck with the pervert?” whined Koneko as she gave Issei a look of pure disgust.

“Because you two need to learn to get along better. If he does anything perverted towards you, you have my permission to punish him, but please try to hold back,” said Rias. As she looked at Issei, she could see that he was extremely uncomfortable with the whole situation. “Issei, if you can work together with Koneko and I get good reviews from her and you clients, then I will let you do any one thing you want to me.”

“Are you serious?” asked Issei, no longer able to contain his excitement. “Would you let me touch your boobs?”

“If that is what you want, then yes. But should you fail any of the tasks your clients assign you or receive a poor review from Koneko, then I will punish you.” As Rias said this, a small red and black pentagram materialized in the air above her palm. The very sight of it reminded Issei of the time she had spanked him using magic. It had hurt so bad that he had trouble sitting for several days afterwards. As Rias stood up she said, “Everybody has their assingments. Now let’s get moving people.”

As Rias and Akeno began making their teleportation circle for their trip to the Underworld, Akeno walked up to Issei and sadistically whispered, “Good luck. Try not to die.” Before Issei could say anything back, Akeno and Rias teleported away.

“I guess it’s our turn,” said Kiba to Asia as he readied a teleportation circle to take them to their first client. As they entered the circle, Kiba shouted, “Good luck you two,” before disappearing.

“Come on, pervert,” said Koneko as she began preparing their circle.

“Um Koneko, I still can’t use a teleportation circle,” said Issei.

“You really are useless aren’t you,” said Koneko coldly. “I guess we’ll set out on foot then.” As Koneko made her way to the door, both she and Issei couldn’t help but think about how it was going to be a long day.

###

There was an uncomfortable silence between them as they walked through the town. “How many clients do I have today,” asked Issei doing his best to break the awkward silence.

“Just two,” replied Koneko, not even trying to mask the disdain in her voice. While Koneko didn’t necessarily hate Issei, she thought that he was a hopeless pervert who got by on a combination of luck and having access to a powerful boosted gear. She couldn’t understand why the other three girls seemed to like him so much because from her standpoint, any good qualities Issei might have had, were eclipsed by his perverted tendencies.

Issei could hear the disdain in her voice and wondered what it was that he had done to make her dislike him so much. While it was true that he did a lot of perverted things, some of them by accident, he had never done anything intentionally perverted towards her because he knew that she could easily beat the crap out of him if she wanted to. Issei became so lost in thought as he racked his brain over all of the things he could have possibly done to make her hate him so much that he didn’t realize that they had reached the apartment complex where his first client lived. He was suddenly brought back to reality when Koneko stated, “We’re here.” She then rang the doorbell of the apartment. As Issei looked at his surroundings, he had a feeling that he already knew who his first client was going to be.

A few seconds passed before a bespectacled man with long black hair answered the door. It was none other than Morisawa, a frequent client of Issei and Koneko’s who loved playing video games and dressing up Koneko in various cosplay outfits. “Well if it isn’t Issei and Koneko. I’m glad that it was you two who were sent to fulfill my request. Please come inside.” The two devils did as they were told. As he offered them both something to drink, Morisawa said, “At first, I thought that Issei was going to come and that I would get a rematch against him in that game we were playing last time, but now that I have Koneko here it looks like I will have to change my plans a little.” Issei noticed that Morisawa was blushing and avoiding eye contact with Koneko and instantly remembered that this guy liked Lolita-like characters, thus his fascination with Koneko.

“I’m sorry but I am merely observing today,” said Koneko, her voice not as cold to Morisawa on account of him being a frequent client. “Please do what you had planned.”

“Fine,” said Morisawa, obviously depressed. Turning to Issei he said, “In addition to our rematch, I also wanted to try out this new game with you. Do you think you are man enough to beat me?”

“Bring it,” said Issei as he prepared to go up against the toughest videogamer he had ever faced. As the two became lost in their videogame battles, Koneko watched on in silence.

Four hours into the videogame marathon, Koneko had drunken almost half a liter of tea. Feeling a slight need to pee, she thought about asking if she could use Morisawa’s bathroom only to reject the idea as soon as it popped her head. Koneko knew Morisawa well enough to know that he probably placed a hidden camera in there when he had snuck off to use the restroom earlier. Not wanting to take that chance, she decided it could wait a little longer. “We still have another client to visit.”

“Alright,” said a depressed Issei having lost almost every match he had played against Morisawa. As the two left, Issei called out, “Next time we meet we’ll have a rematch.”

“Bet on it,” replied Morisawa.

“You’re an idiot,” said Koneko to Issei as they walked away.

###

As the two were walking back through town, they were stopped by a girl in a maid costume handing out tissue packets with a café’s name on them. “Please take one sir,” said the maid girl as she handed the tissues to Issei. She then turned to Koneko and offered her a packet as well.

“No thanks,” said Koneko rather coldly.

“I’ll take it for her,” said Issei. The maid girl gave Issei the other packet. Sweet, thought Issei as he took the second packet and thought about how he had just run out of tissues last night.

Almost as if Koneko could read what Issei was really thinking, she said, “You’re a true pervert. No wonder there are never any tissues in your house.”

“That’s not true,” said an embarrassed Issei trying to do damage control. As he looked at the maid girl, she gave him a disgusted look and told him to drop dead before walking away. Despite wanting to cry at having been humiliated in such a fashion, he decided to suck it up and keep moving forward. As they continued their way to the next client, Issei once again thought about why Koneko hated him so much.

###

When they arrived at the second client’s apartment, Issei knew exactly who he was going to be dealing with. Shortly after ringing the doorbell, a man answered the door. It was none other than Mil-tan, a body builder who not only dreamed of becoming a magical girl but dressed like one as well and had a habit of ending his sentences with the word “Nyo”.

“Issei please come in Nyo. Today we’ll be watching an anime marathon featuring my favorite magical girls Nyo.” Mil-tan then noticed Koneko and asked, “Is this one of your friends Nyo? If so she is more than welcome to join us Nyo.”

As Issei and Koneko entered the apartment, Koneko couldn’t help but feel amazed yet slightly disgusted at how much this client truly idolized magical girls enough to want to become one. She sat down with the two of them for what would become a six-hour anime marathon. By the time it was over, Koneko was squirming far worse than she had when she had been at the first client’s house. “May I use your restroom,” she asked.

“Sure Nyo. It’s down the hall and to the left Nyo,” replied Mil-tan. Koneko made her way to the bathroom. As soon as she entered and sat down on the toilet, she realized that the bathroom wall was covered in posters of magical girls, all of them seemingly starting at her to the point that it was uncomfortable. She quickly pulled up her panities and left the bathroom without going, all the while hanging onto the belief that she could hang on until she got home. “Issei, we should probably be heading back now,” said Koneko, doing her best to hide the desperation in her voice.

“Alright,” said Issei. “See you later Mil-tan.” And with that they were off on their way back home.

###

Unfortunatley, for Koneko, Mil-tan’s apartment was rather far from Issei’s house, where she and the other members of the Occult Research Club had been living. With every step she took, she could feel a sharp stabbing sensation in her bladder. The sun had already gone down and as they walked she noticed the streetlights were coming on. Then in the distance she noticed that lights were coming on in the park. Thinking that there could be a bathroom in the park, she suddenly took off at full speed, all the while hoping that her bladder would not give out. If Koneko had bothered to turn around, she would have seen the confused look on Issei’s face as he ran after her. Of course, he was no match for Koneko’s speed and soon lost sight of her as they entered the park.

Within minutes, Koneko reached the park bathrooms but was shocked to see that the ladies’ room was out of order. For a moment, she considered going into the men’s’ room but decided against it because she feared that her reputation might take a hit if someone from school were to see her go in. She decided that she would go back and find Issei and try to hold it to until she got home. A couple minutes later, Koneko’s bladder was in such bad pain that she was practically hobbling. Suddenly she felt something warm and wet hit her panties. “Not here, not now,” she said desperately as she looked around. Then from the corner of her eye, she noticed some tall bushes and decided that it was better to go behind the bushes then wet herself. She quickly ducked behind the bushes and lifted her skirt while pulling down her blue and white-striped panties that were now partially soiled. She took a deep breath and began to relieve herself into the grass beneath her.

“Koneko, where are you?” yelled Issei as he was still trying to find her. While he was running, he didn’t notice the can on the ground in front of him and as he stepped on it, he lost his footing and fell sideways into a large bush. “Ouch,” he said as he pulled himself out from the bush. As he opened his eyes he was shocked to see Koneko squatting on the ground with a fountain of golden liquid flowing from between her legs and crashing down in a huge foamy puddle. Issei quickly shot to his feet and said, “Koneko, it’s not what you think, I wasn’t spying or anything, I just happened to slip and….”

“PERVERT!!!” she screamed angrily as she pinched off her stream and jumped up in an attempt to give him an uppercut. Luckily for Issei, Koneko stepped forward and slipped in her piss puddle, causing her to fall backwards. Issei couldn’t help but stare at Koneko who was now covered in her own piss. Suddenly he noticed that her usual cold expression had been replaced with a look of embarrassment and anger. Taking a closer look, he could see tears forming in the corner of her eyes. Not really thinking about what she might do to him, Issei quickly scooped her up in his arms and began running for the restrooms. “LET ME GO!” screamed Koneko, but Issei didn’t listen

As they arrived at the restroom area, Issei ran into the men’s restroom with Koneko still in his arms after seeing that the ladies’ room was blocked off. “Don’t worry, there is nobody around here at this time of night,” said Issei as he set her down. By this point, Koneko realized that Issei was simply trying to help her out. Koneko walked over to the stalls only to realize that all of them had had their doors ripped off. Issei noticed this too and said, “I won’t look. Just do what you have to do.” As he said it he turned his back to her to give her some privacy.

“Thank you,” muttered Koneko so quietly that Issei didn’t hear it. She walked into one of the stalls and hiked up her skirt. Her panties were still around her ankles from earlier. As she sat down, she couldn’t help but feel embarrassed about not only having been caught peeing by a guy but that she now had to pee in that same man’s presence. Her thoughts only served to make her more and more pee shy. Issei quickly realized this when he didn’t hear any pee sounds. From the corner of his eye, he could see that Koneko was sitting on the toilet, her hands covering her face to hide her shame. Issei knew that he had to do something.

“Well since I’m here I guess I’ll go to,” he said as he walked over to the urinal that was directly across from the stall that Koneko was in. The urinal hung to the floor and had a bowl shamed bottom. As he unzipped his pants and whipped it out, he couldn’t help but feel a little pee shy himself. However, he quickly remembered how Akeno and Rias and tried to help him get over his pee shyness while they were locked in the bathroom roughly four days ago, and how it had sort of helped him. Plus, it wasn’t like Koneko could see everything from her point of view anyway. He took a deep breath and began peeing. As he did so, he was painfully aware that Koneko was now staring at him.

Koneko watched in fascination as a stream came down from between Issei’s legs and hit the porcelain of the urinal. At first, she thought he was doing it to be crude, but she soon realized that he was doing it to help her go. Once she realized this, she closed her eyes, took a deep breath, and once again let forth the gushing river she had been holding back all day. As her piss hit the toilet water, it made a loud slapping sound that filled the entire bathroom. Issei didn’t even need to turn around to know that Koneko’s face was red with embarrassment. Thinking quickly, he decided that the only way to reduce Koneko’s embarrassment would be if he peed louder than her. Using all the force he could muster, he managed to make his piss stream strong enough that it’s very sound was enough to eclipse that of Koneko’s stream.

It took about three minutes to empty their bladders. As soon as Issei finished up, he walked backwards towards the stall that Koneko was in and proceded to take off his school blazer. He handed it back to her and said, “It’s not good to stay in those wet clothes. Put this on.” Koneko took the blazer from him. Issei then fished into his pocket and handed her one of the packets of tissues he had received earlier in the day. Koneko grabbed the packet of tissues as well and mumbled something of a thank you, once again too low for Issei to understand what she was saying. Issei then positioned himself in front of the stall so as to block the view of anyone who might come into the bathroom. All the while, he never once turned around to face her. As Koneko took her wet clothes off and cleaned herself off with the tissues, Issei asked, “Koneko, do you hate me? Did I do something to make you hate me?”

As Issei asked this, Koneko had just finished putting on Issei’s blazer. Koneko couldn’t help but feel bad for the way she had been treating him lately. Without realizing it, she reached out her hand and grabbed the back of his shirt. “Most of the time you’re a good for nothing pervert, but you genuinely care about the welfare of those around you. I can’t say whether I like or dislike you, but I don’t hate you. However, if you tell anybody about what happened here or about what I said I swear I’ll kill you.”

Issei began to laugh. “That’s a relief. I seriously thought you hated me. It makes me happy to hear you say that.”

Koneko was stunned by Issei’s reaction to her answer. How could a guy be so cheerful after being told that a girl didn’t like or dislike him? “Issei, do you hate me?” she blurted out. Issei paused for a moment. Koneko began mentally preparing herself for a horrible answer.

“You get violent when you’re angry and you tend insult me a lot,” said Issei. “But I still like you because you’re my friend and teammate.”

“Masochist,” responded Koneko. If Issei had turned around he would have seen a blushing Koneko smiling. It took a moment to regain herself. “Alright, lets head back.” And so, the two set off for home.

###

As soon as they got back to the house, Koneko snuck off to the bathroom to better clean herself up. However, before she did, she left Issei’s blazer in front of the bathroom door. Once Issei had his blazer back, he went back up to his room and changed into something more comfortable. As he lay down on the bed, he couldn’t help but think about the day’s events and how he felt a little bit closer to Koneko as a result of it. He then heard a knock at his door. “Come in,” said Issei. He watched as Asia came in.

“I’m doing laundry now. Do you want me to wash your blazer?” asked Asia. Issei nodded his head. Asia walked over to Issei’s bed and grabbed the blazer. The moment she did, something blue with white stripes fell out of the blazer and onto to the floor. “What’s this?” asked Asia as she picked it up and unbunched it. To her shock, it was a pair of urine stained panties.

Realizing that Koneko must have slipped the panties into his blazer earlier and forgotten to mention it to him, Issei quickly said, “Asia, it’s not what you think.”

“It’s alright Issei, I understand what’s going on,” said Asia feeling as though she now had an opportunity to get ahead of Akeno and Rias in the race for Issei’s heart. Of course, Issei had a gut feeling that Asia was misreading the situation. He watched in shock as she lifted her skirt and exposed her panties to him. “You should have told me that you like urine stained panties. I would gladly give you mine if you want them.”

Issei jumped up, grabbed hold of Asia’s hands, and made her pull her skirt back down to where it belonged. “It’s not like that!” he screamed.

“Well what is it like then?” asked a familiar voice coming from the doorway. As Issei turned his head, he saw Rias was standing in the door way with a cheerful smile on her face, but Issei knew that behind that smile that she was pissed. “Please tell me why you have Koneko’s panties in your room and why they have pee stains on them.”

Realizing that Koneko might kill him if he told Rias the truth, Issei decided to lie. “I lost a bet with a couple of guy friends and had to wear panties so I randomly grabbed a pair from the dirty laundry. I guess I accidentally got excited and peed a little. I then placed the panties in my blazer in order to hide them until I could wash them.” As soon as he said it, he noticed a look of disgust on Rias’s face.

“Asia, please leave and close the bedroom door behind you,” ordered Rias in a calm tone. Asia did as she said as she knew full well that Rias was angry. Rias walked over to the bed and sat down. “Issei get on your hands and knees on the bed now. Make sure you’re facing the doorway.” Issei did as he was told. As he got into position, he turned his head and once again saw the floating pentagram on the palm of Rias’s hand.

“Aaaaaahhhhhh!” screamed Issei as Rias’s magically infused hand slapped his ass. There would be another 99 blows where that came from.

###

It was now midnight and Issei lay on his bed facing the doorway. The spankings he had received had left him unable to move. As he lay there asking what had he done to deserve this, he heard a knock on his door. As the door opened, Koneko walked in and from the looks of it she had something big in her hands that she would most likely use to clobber him with. “Please don’t hurt me,” begged Issei. “I didn’t tell anybody about what happened.”

“I know,” said Koneko as she walked up to him. She was now close enough for him to see that she was holding a large ice pack. As she placed it on his butt she said, “I can’t believe you lied to Rias and took 100 magic infused spankings just to keep our secret. Why did you do it?”

Issei lifted his head up off the mattress and said, “I did it because it’s against my principles to embarrass a cute girl in order to save myself.”

“You think I’m cute,” muttered a blushing Koneko. She instantly regretted the remark as soon as it came out of her mouth. Fortunately for her, Issei wasn’t paying attention to her. She then managed to gather herself enough to thank him for helping her and for keeping quiet about what had happened. As she left the room, her heart was racing a little as she said to herself, “There is absolutely no way I’m ever going to fall for that pervert.”

