Jenny the Secretary - The Work Comes First

Author: cw987uk

*000*2025-11-22 21:18

My 3rd story, with a new character.

I hope people enjoy it, any feedback, good or bad, is encouraged and appreciated.

###

Jenny the secretary – The work comes first.

Jenny came to work at 9am that Monday thinking it was going to be a normal day. She was very wrong.

My company do import/export for a variety of smaller companies that don’t have the manpower or knowledge to do it and for whom it would not be profitable to do it themselves. We deal with all the customs paperwork and logistics on both ends, they pay us. It is a good business and, over the years, it has made me a lot of money.

I have a main office with about 20 staff that deal with the regular, day-to-day, operations while I work from my home office dealing with issues and the more important clients.

The home office is fairly small, up until I took Jenny on it was only me there, around 5m x 4m with our desks against the walls facing each other. (I certainly did not set it up that way so I could “view” Jenny’s rather shapely legs all day!). It also has a lovely, tiled floor, which is good for some of my other hobbies!

The office is in an annex from the main house and contains not only the office space but also my indoor swimming pool, gaming room with some classic arcade machines and home gym, which does not get used nearly as much as it should! As it was part of the pool complex, all the floors are tiled with drainage, a handy addition!

Jenny was a very quiet person, you could even say she was an introvert, shy and unassuming. She was 21 years old, and this was her first proper job after finishing university, where she studied business management. She dressed conservatively, always a business suit, always with a knee length pencil skirt with tights and always a long-sleeved blouse under her jacket. Never anything more revealing or less professional, despite me telling her many times that she could dress more casually if she wanted. She clearly had a nice body though. She was probably around a size 12-14, with a lovely, curvy ass and some decent sized tits, I’d have guessed a C or D cup, but it was hard to tell given her choice of looser clothes.

When I put the job offer out there, I had about 20 applications. There were some strong candidates, but Jenny stood out since, not only did she have a degree from a top university, she also spoke 4 languages, including Russian, Spanish and French. Honestly, I had wondered if she had lied when I saw her list of achievements because it seemed too good to be true. I was already offering well above market rate for the role, industry standard was around £40k and I was offering £50k, but after interviewing her I immediately offered her £60k because I knew she could walk into anything she wanted. Shyness aside, she knew her stuff, she had clearly researched my company, and I saw a great potential in her. In the 6 months she had worked for me, she had proved that I was correct, she was very likely to be running this company for me one day.

I had gotten into the office around 8am as usual on Monday morning and turned the computer on to check the emails and get everything ready for the day.

Jenny had worked the Sunday this week alone to catch up on some paperwork.

I noticed that there was a new file on the shared drive, titled “I wish”. Curious, I opened the file to see what it was and to say I was shocked was an understatement.

I spent the next hour reading what was clearly some very personal stories, detailing a host of, what I assumed to be, her fantasies. I did consider that it was probably a bit of a violation of her privacy, but I could not stop myself from continuing.

There were quite a few stories in the file, with some pretty graphic details. It was hard to imagine such a shy and unassuming person as Jenny had written these, even more so to think of her engaging in such acts although they clearly seemed to be written as stories, rather than experiences. They ranged from pretty standard sex fantasies, with both men and women, through to some much kinkier stuff.

I was already pretty horny reading the common fantasy stuff, and imagining this attractive introvert engaging in these activities, when I got to one that really caught my attention. It was titled “The work comes first” and was a story about her mean boss was making her finish an important assignment before she got a break. The end result was that she ended up wetting herself at her desk. The more surprising part was that it went on to say how horny it made her and how her boss clearly didn’t know she liked it.

I was intrigued, wetting and piss play has been a thing of mine since before I even understood the sexual side of it. I always loved the feeling of being wet, with water in the beginning and quickly discovering pee after. It had been one of my main fetishes for the rest of my life. I had been pretty lucky with it too, several early girlfriends had partaken for me, one even found she liked it herself.

Sadly, my wife of 15 years had no interest and, eventually, I gave up trying to convince her. We had a healthy, if somewhat pedestrian, sex life and I accepted that I had my experiences in earlier life and my love for her was more important. That does not mean I didn’t spend a lot of time viewing videos and stories online for personal pleasure! When my wife and I divorced, around a year previously, I spent a lot more time indulging since I had a very large house and swimming pool to myself!

By the time I had finished Jenny’s story, I was beyond horny. I genuinely was surprised I had not made a total mess in my suit trousers, it would not have been difficult. As I was about to retire to the toilet to take care of myself, Jenny arrived for work.

She was wearing her light grey suit today, with black tights and high-heeled shoes.

“Good morning,” she greeted me, as normal. “Are you ok?” she added. I assume I was a bit flustered after my early morning reading!

“Yeah, I’m fine. Good morning, Jenny,” I replied, recovering quickly.

She accepted this with a smile and headed to her desk. Placing her coat on the stand behind it. I quickly closed the file and removed it to my personal drive, although my mind was already considering options.

Do I keep this quiet? Do I say something? Clearly, she had saved this to the wrong place but, if I told her, it would likely be highly embarrassing for her, and I would hate to lose her.

On the other hand, if I said nothing, would I be missing out on something amazing for both of us?

I knew it would be hard to look at her the same way after what I had read and, if I was going to lose her, I might as well see if I could make it worthwhile, so I began to hatch a plan to make her wish come true and play the part of her mean boss.

Jenny was a creature of habit, she always took her lunch at 1pm, eating at her desk and then went to the toilet after, around 1:30pm. She was an avid tea drinker too, normally having at least 3 cups over the course of the morning.

I spent the morning working out how this was going to go. I found an old job we done, long before Jenny joined me, that required the translation of a long health and safety report from Russian to English. I remember it being a nightmare and having to contract it out due to the number of errors in the original making translating it difficult for any software.

The report was about 30 pages long, long enough for my purposes, I hoped.

I found the file and set about changing the dates on the documents to current ones and added a few more errors that I thought I could get away with, changing characters and grammar in random places.

At 1:20pm, as Jenny was finishing lunch, I launched my plan into action.

It began with a phone call from a “client”, Ivan. It was in fact me, calling from my mobile to the office, but Jenny would not know that, and Ivan is a real client, who pays us an insane amount of money.

“Hey Ivan, how are you?” I began the charade, relaxed in my chair.

“Yeah, we’re on it, it will be ready for next Monday, as agreed”.

“Wait, tomorrow? That’s not possible Ivan, it’s going to take hours”.

I sat up in my chair now, a look of worry on my face.

“No, of course not, we’ve done business for years, there’s no need for that”.

“We’ll get on it right now, you will have it today, you have my word”.

I hung up the phone, trying to look both worried and angry at the same time.

“Fuck,” I exclaimed loudly.

Jenny had been watching the exchange and looked shocked at my outburst.

“What’s the matter?” she asked, looking worried.

“We had a translation job to do for Ivan, he emailed me over the weekend. I was going to give it to you tomorrow. It was meant to be done for next Monday, but they have pushed up the shipment to tomorrow and it can’t go without this report,” I lied. “Ivan is threatening to take his business elsewhere if we can’t deliver, this is major shipment for him, over $10m.”

“Oh god,” Jenny replied. “What needs to be done?”

“It’s a health and safety report covering the docks and ship,” I informed her. “But Ivan went with the lowest bidder and it’s all in Russian, we need it in English at this end”.

“I can do that,” Jenny replied eagerly.

“It’s 30 pages long,” I revealed.

Jenny looked worried. “I can do that,” she replied again, not as eagerly as before.

“Jenny, are you sure? This is one of the biggest contracts we have had, and you know how important Ivan is to the business”.

“I know,” she confirmed. “I can do it, send it over and I’ll get it done”.

“If you pull this off, there is a raise in it for you,” I promised. “But it needs to get done today, the boat leaves at 7pm our time, they won’t go unless this is in place and they have a guaranteed place at the port, which they can’t get without this. Don’t worry about anything else, this is the one and only thing you need to focus on”.

“I understand,” she confirmed. “Send it over”.

I emailed the totally legit and real document over to her, hoping I had not missed anything that would unravel my plan. She opened it and started reading.

She looked at it for about 10 minutes, obviously seeing just how much was required.

“You were not joking about the lowest bidder, were you?”, she said. “This is a mess, I’m going to have to manually translate this, the software can’t make sense of it”.

“Ivan always was a cheapskate,” I joked. “Can you do in time?”

Jenny hesitated slightly, “I think so, but it’s going to take hours.”

“It is your one and only priority Jenny, no matter what, it needs to be done,” I emphasised.

“Understood,” she confirmed.

“I’ll crack on with the rest of the paperwork,” I lied.

Around 2pm I noticed that she had started rocking her left leg a bit, not much, but it was something.

I was pretending to work on the documents while I was, in fact, watching her as closely as I could without looking creepy. She was pretty engrossed in her work, so I figured I was fairly safe.

I saw her reach for her cup and the realise it was empty, putting it back down. I seized the opportunity.

“I’ll make you a tea if you want,” I offered.

“Oh, that’s fine, I’ll make one in a minute,” she replied.

“You don’t have time for tea making today,” I countered.

She looked up almost quizzically.

“Multimillion-dollar, time sensitive, deal?” I reminded her, raising my eyebrows to emphasise the point.

“Of course,” she agreed. “Sorry”.

“No worries, I’m just stressing a bit over this, we really can’t afford to mess this up,” I pointed out.

She nodded, not looking up from her work.

I made her a cup of tea and took it round to her side of the desk, having a look at her screen as I did so. She was only on page 5, this was working well!

I returned to my desk and carried on pretending to work.

Around 3:15 I noticed that her leg rocking had increased, she was now rocking both her legs back forth, gently, under her desk. Still not a lot, but I figured the plan was progressing well. I wondered if she would be able to hold out or would have to say something.

I watched pretty much solidly for the next 45 minutes, it was now 4pm. Her leg rocking had gotten worse, it was clear that she needed the toilet but had still not said anything, diligently tapping away on her keyboard.

I felt the time was probably right for another cup of tea!

It was just after 4pm when I walked round the back of her desk with her tea. I noticed from the screen that she was on page 15, halfway through.

She looked up at me, there was a look of concern on her face.

“How much left,” I asked, knowing the answer.

“I’m halfway,” she answered. “I’m doing my best but it’s hard going, this guy must have been drunk when he wrote this bloody thing,” she added with a touch of venom I had never heard from her before.

“You’re doing great,” I smiled.

“I’m going to need a break soon,” she commented.

“I know it’s a lot of work Jenny, but there really isn’t time for a break today, I’m sorry,” I replied. “I brought you a cuppa though.”

She looked up at me again, the concern clearer on her face.

“It’s not that,” she began as I placed her tea down on her desk.

“Jenny,” I replied before she could continue. “I need this doing, just press on please,” I tried to sound a bit more forceful.

She looked dejected but simply nodded and went back to the work.

I returned to my desk, wondering if this was going to play out like I hoped. Would Jenny, the shy introvert, force the issue?

It was now 4:20pm as I looked over at her desk, her ankles were now crossed, and she was alternating between rocking her legs back and forth and jiggling them up and down.

As I was watching she suddenly pulled her thighs together sharply and held it there. As she did it, I saw her look up from the screen, her eyes going wide and letting out a small gasp.

“Chris,” she began. “I have to take a break”. This was not a question, this was a statement.

Her calling me by my name made it clear this was serious. I had tried to get her to use it since she started but she wouldn’t, said it was not professional. She had spent the first few days calling me sir, which I didn’t like. I had finally convinced her to go with boss, most of the time but the occasional sir still slipped out. Never had she used my name before.

This was the endgame. I was almost certain she had just leaked and, if she didn’t get to the bathroom in short order, there was going to be a flood. Now was the “mean boss” time, I just hoped, afterwards, she would understand.

“Jenny, what is more important than this?” I countered.

She looked down, before hesitantly speaking up, “I really need the toilet,” she confirmed, quietly.

“Really,” I snapped back. “You’re a grown woman, surely you can hold it until you’re done?”

She looked taken aback, I had never been anything other than nice and understanding before, this must have been a strange side to me from her perspective.

“I don’t think I can,” she replied, in a meek voice, clearly uncomfortable in challenging me. I felt a twinge of regret, putting her through this, but I was also incredibly horny and, after all, this was her fantasy. I will see it through to the end, whatever that may be, I resolved.

I was genuinely not sure what that end would be, would she really wet herself for me, or the work at least, or would she ignore me and go for her much-needed wee?

“Try,” I commanded, putting on my serious expression and most stern voice. “I don’t want this deal to fall apart because you can’t hold yourself. If you leave that desk, I might have to reconsider your commitment to the business.”

She looked shocked. I felt bad. I was definitely using my power for bad here, but I could not bring myself to stop. I just hoped this worked out. I really didn’t want to lose her!

She looked like she was going to say something, her face a picture of fear, mixed with some, understandable, anger.

She didn’t. She just swallowed and looked back to her screen and kept typing, her legs alternating between rocking back and forth and being tightly closed.

4:26pm was the time when she stopped, slamming her thighs together and jamming both her hands into her crotch. She looked up, her eyes were wide and watery, like she was about to cry.

Then I heard it, only for a second. A short hiss. This was actually happening. My cock was solid, I was very glad that my desk, unlike Jenny’s, had a front panel.

Another hiss, longer this time. Jenny was sobbing slightly now. She looked at me. “I’m sorry,” she said, meekly.

“Sorry?” I feigned ignorance, “For what?”.

“I couldn’t….” she started to say, when the first trickle started to flow off her chair, splashing onto the tiled floor under her with an obvious noise. There was no denying it now, she was wetting herself.

She looked down, shocked at the sound, then back at me.

“I’m so sorry,” she repeated. The trickle stopped, she had clearly regained control.

She just looked at me, a few tears rolling down her cheeks, clearly expecting me to say something, most likely that she could leave and take care of herself.

“Accidents happen,” I said, trying to be as deadpan as possible, “No need to apologise, but please, can we just get on with it now?”.

I thought she was going to say something, her lips looked like they were moving but she was obviously shocked and couldn’t form a sentence, as she continued to stare at me.

“What?” I asked her, nonchalantly.

“I..” she stammered, “I still need to go,” she finally got out, looking down at her lap, where I noticed there was a tennis-ball sized wet spot on the front of her skirt, from where she had been pressing into her crotch when she leaked.

I sighed in pretend exasperation, “Ok, well go then, not much point in stopping now you’ve started,” I replied, try to keep it casual. Inside I was dying to see what was going to happen. Would she give up and fully wet herself or would she finally break and go to the toilet. If she went, would she even come back? This seemed like make-or-break time.

She looked more confused than shocked now. “What?” was all she managed.

I decided than mean boss would have come out again. “For god’s sake Jenny, you’ve already wet yourself, not much point in running off now is there? Time is ticking, if you need to finish, finish and get back to work,” I raised my voice slightly, not shouting but certainly more authoritative.

“I can’t…” she began, returning to a shocked look.

“Jenny,” I snapped back, raising my voice again, to a low shout. “This is becoming tiresome, this deal is worth six figures to our company, I don’t want it to fall through because you can’t hold yourself like a grown up, if that means you piss your knickers to get it done, then that’s what happens, am I making myself clear?”.

Her eyes were wide, and a few fresh tears were rolling down her face. I had never shouted at her before, I genuinely felt bad for doing it, but I didn’t think this was going to go the way I wanted without spelling it out for her.

“Yes, sir,” she said, a note of sadness and fear in her voice.

It was 4:32pm when she put her head down, staring at her lap and her hands on her desk. I wondered if I had gone too far but I didn’t have to wait long as she pushed herself slightly back from her desk. I assume a combination of her desperation, my shouting at her and her already wet knickers made it easier for her but, within a few seconds I heard that hiss again. It was louder this time and didn’t immediately stop.

It took only a few seconds before the trickle off her chair started again. This time it didn’t stop, it increased rapidly to a solid flow and then something akin to a waterfall. I was transfixed, very much glad that her head was down, and she couldn’t see me staring, a smile on my face, as she totally flooded her knickers, tights, skirt and chair with an entire day’s worth of pent-up pee.

She was going hard, the pee was hissing into her clothes, it was soaking her legs down the back, I could see it flowing from the chair down the back of her thighs and down to her calves, into her shoes and forming a stream, or more accurately a river on the floor, heading to the drain in the centre of the room.

It felt like an eternity until the flow began to subside, in reality it was less than a minute, the clock read 4:33pm. The waterfall became a stream and then a trickle.

Jenny shifted her bum in her seat a couple of time, causing a further cascade to leave the sodden chair.

She finally looked up, as I looked away, pretending to get on with some work, I hoped she hadn’t caught me staring.

She reached for a tissue on her desk and wiped the tears from her face and then, without another word, she pulled her chair back under her desk and turned her attention to the screen once again and began typing.

I had half expected her to ask to go and get cleaned up but, I guess she realised that, not only would that likely cause be to get angry again but that it was a bit of a waste of time, given how much she had peed.

I gave it 10 minutes to let my boner die down, albeit only slightly, before I decided to say something.

“Fancy a cuppa?” I asked, like it was a perfectly normal afternoon.

She snapped her head up, I thought she was going to be angry, I think she did too but seemed to change her mind at the last second. “Yes, please,” was all she said.

I made us both a tea and delivered it to her desk, stepping over the remnants of the river she had recently made, seeing she was now on page 18.

She didn’t look up from her work, just muttered “Thanks,” as I set it down on her desk and returned to my own.

She shifted slightly in her seat as she picked the cup up, causing a few errant drips to make their way down from her chair. I saw her grimace as she moved her feet, still wearing the pee-filled high heels. I guessed it had probably cooled off now.

She gently kicked off one and then the other shoe under her desk, tipping them on their side as she did so. Both had a fair bit of pee in them, causing two small trickles to begin their journey to the drain in the middle of the room.

Her tights glistened on her feet, released from their pool of pee and, as she wiggled her toes my boner returned with a vengeance.

As she put her feet down onto the tiled floor, I saw her wince, most likely from the cold. She thought better of it and slipped both her wet shoes back on.

It was now 4:45pm, 12 pages to go.

For the next hour or so, we worked in silence. Well, Jenny worked, I pretended to work while stealing glances at her!

She would occasionally wriggle slightly in her chair, or reposition herself, surely reminding her of her condition.

I also noticed that her legs were rocking again, getting worse as the time progressed. It was nowhere near as bad as earlier, but I guessed that she was feeling the need again.

At 5:40 I got up again to make another cup of tea. I didn’t even ask her this time, just made them and took it around to her side of the desk.

She broke from her work to look up at me, an almost pleading look in her eyes and, again, I thought she was going to say something but hesitated at the last second. “Thanks,” was all I got again.

“How’s it going?” I asked, needlessly, since I could see the screen.

“Page 26,” she confirmed, “Nearly there, but these last few are quite bad,” she hesitated slightly, “But I should be done before the deadline”.

“Great job, Jenny, you’re doing great,” I reassured her, before returning to my desk.

About five minutes later I got a pleasant surprise. While I was responding to an email, I heard a familiar dripping noise.

Looking up, I immediately saw a trickle growing into a stream from Jenny’s chair. She was wetting herself again.

What surprised me even more was that she was still typing away, not showing any signs of what she was doing, other than the obvious stream, now making it’s was across the floor.

The stream was clearly not as powerful as before, and she had spread her legs slightly wider, likely to avoid filling her shoes again, which made me a bit sad.

After a short time, it died down, reduced to the last few drips. She stopped typing briefly, and she wiggled her bum again, causing the last bits to flow of the chair and squeezed her legs together.

As she looked up, I noticed her eyes were mostly closed and she was clearly biting her bottom lip slightly.

As she opened her eyes, she saw me staring and seemed flustered.

“I’m really sorry,” she began, that now familiar look of fear in her eyes.

Before she could continue, I held up my hand. “Jenny, there is nothing to be sorry about, forget about it,” I told her.

She nodded, meekly and looked back at her screen without another word.

Silence returned to the office for the next forty-five minutes or so. The only sound was the tapping of keyboards and the clicking of my mouse as I surfed the web, trying to distract myself from the incredible scene in the office!

At 6:35pm, Jenny stopped typing and I heard her sigh. I looked up, hoping for a third act, but I was to be disappointed.

“Done,” she declared, triumphantly.

“Amazing,” I replied, “Email it over to me so I can proofread it and get it sent to Ivan”.

“On its way,” she confirmed.

“Jenny,” I started, “I know today has been a bit rough, but you have done an amazing job getting this done, I am so grateful”.

She looked embarrassed, a slight blush on her cheeks.

“It’s just my job, boss,” she replied, humbly.

“You have certainly gone above and beyond today, Jenny, I meant what I said, there will be a raise in this for you,” I reminded her.

“Thanks, boss,” she smiled, seeming to forget her current situation for a moment.

She suddenly seemed to remember as she shifted in her seat. “While you proofread that, I best get something to clean this seat up,” she said, somewhat deflated again.

“Don’t worry about that Jenny, I’ll just get a new one for you, and the floor is basically clean already, a bucket of water is all it will take,” I assured her. “You can get home now”.

“I can’t just leave it,” she started.

“Jenny, you have done more than enough today,” I reminded her, “Go home”.

“If you’re sure, boss,” she agreed reluctantly.

“I’m sure,” I confirmed.

She nodded and, for the first time in over 10 hours, she stood up from her sodden office chair, grimacing slightly as she did so.

As she turned to get her coat, I got my first view of the back of her skirt, it was clearly still soaked, the light grey instead almost black, and her ass glistened from the puddle she had clearly been sitting in for the last couple of hours.

A few rouge drips were falling off the hem of her skirt, and a couple of them were also visible on the back of her tights.

She wiggled her ass slightly, as if to shake them off, clearly reminded of her situation now the wetness was exposed to the cool office air.

“Grab a bin bag from the cupboard on your way out,” I said, “Don’t want to make a mess of your car”.

She nodded slightly, clearly embarrassed that I had seen the full extent of the damage.

The endgame was here, time to let her know what today had been about.

As she made her way to the door, head lowered, her soaking wet ass on full display again, I made the final move.

“Jenny,” I began, “Just so you know, I WISH, today had been better for you,” I put a heavy emphasis on the I Wish, the title of the file that had started this chain of events.

“But please remember,” I continued, “The Work. Comes. First”. Again, I spoke those last 3 words slowly, emphasizing each of them.

She nodded slightly, not seeming to understand the message. I wondered if this had all been for nothing. If she just though I was a bastard who made her wet herself for nothing because I am a terrible boss, or worse, a raging pervert. I mean, I was the latter, but had never given her that impression, at least until today!

It was only a second or two, but it felt like time stood still.

She suddenly snapped her lowered head up, staring right at me, her eyes wide, like a rabbit caught in headlights. She had figured it out.

She went to say something, her brain trying to form a sentence.

I raised my hand, “Right, I best get this read and sent off. Night Jenny, see you tomorrow,” I said, cutting off any immediate response.

As she left the office, still clearly in shock from this final revelation, I wondered if I would ever see her again or if the next time I saw her would be at court, when she sued me!

I had a little over 12 hours to wait to find out, I thought, as I closed the file she had worked so hard on without a glance and headed to the internet to order her a new chair!

*005*2025-11-25 09:17

{{On 11/23/2025 at 4:56 PM, Nike said:

Thank you for writing and sharing this, it's brilliant. I would love to read Jenny's side of the story

}}

Thank you, appreciate that. I have never written from a females persepective before, not sure if it would be any good but I will consider it in the future.

{{23 hours ago, Breepee said:

100% needs a follow on

}}

There almost certainly will be, both to this and my other story, I have lots of ideas but it might be a while, I am not a fast writer and I don't have a lot of time to do it sadly.

{{ 

17 hours ago, dbeornssen said:

Wow! This was fantastic!! I hope we get more (and that Jenny indeed proves to be into this!). Really well done.

}}

Thank you, it is much appreciated and I am glad you enjoyed the story.

*009*2025-12-01 16:46

{{6 hours ago, FlowingFaster said:

One of the much better written fantasies written on here. I stayed up past my bedtime to finish reading this. I hope there is a part 2 coming.

}}

Thank you! I am really glad you enjoyed it.

Good news too, given that people seemed to like this, I have endeavoured to write a second part a little quicker than my last story!

I have even tried to include some insight from Jenny perspective, as requested, although I leave the outcome on the quality to the readers here!

It might be a few more days, I don't have a lot of time in the week, but it is coming, in days, rather than months!

*016*2025-12-05 12:44

I am both surprised and happy that my most recent story has been so well received, thank you to all those who have liked it or given me feedback, it is spurred me on to get this part done a lot quicker than I had planned.

This part is a lot longer than I expected, apologies for that. I have re-read it so many times, trying to cut bits out but it still ended up quite big!

Let me know if it is too much and, as ever, feedback is appreciated, good or bad.

I have some plans for an least another part, maybe 2 or more. They are likely to feature other things beyond just omorashi though, I hope that is ok. I originally planned for these to be for Literotica but I thought I should share more on this site, as it has given me a lot of enjoyment over the years.

There are also a couple of short parts I will add shortly, covering the aftermath of this story.

###

Jenny the Secretary – The Next Day

It had been just over twelve hours since Jenny had left the office, soaked in her own piss, after I refused to let her go to the toilet in order to complete a very important document. A totally pointless document, for an order that had happened 6 years previously. Entirely because I had read a story she had written and decided that it must be something she wanted to actually happen.

I had not slept well. I was worried. Mainly that Jenny would not even turn up for work again, that I had driven away the best employee I had ever had. Partly because I’m pretty sure refusing your employees use of the toilet, with threats of them losing their jobs if they did, and them making them carry on working after wetting themselves, is something that would be dimly viewed if she complained to higher authorities.

It was 8:30am, Jenny started at 9am, I had another thirty minutes to wait to find out how badly I had screwed up. Unless she emailed me her resignation first.

I checked my emails again, as I had been doing every few minutes since I finally gave up with the broken sleep I was getting at 6am. Nothing. A good sign, hopefully. I noted her new chair was going to arrive between 10 and 11am. I hoped she would actually be here to use it.

8:58 and I was now getting really worried, she almost always got here early, ready to start at 9am.

Had it been worth it? On the one hand, I got to see the amazing young woman who worked for me go to the toilet in her knickers not once, but twice. That was one of the top 5 experiences of my life, to be fair. On the other, I had read some incredibly private stories she had written, totally invading her privacy, forced her to work at her desk for over ten hours without a break, despite her clearly being in distress, threatened to fire her if she did not comply, shouted at her and then made her sit in her puddle of piss for over two hours.

“Well, it was her story, after all,” I told myself, trying to justify my actions. It had seemed like such a great idea at the time.

9:05am. Fuck, this was bad. In the 6 months Jenny had worked for me, she had only been late once, when her car broke down and she had walked the last mile to work.

9:10am. I was considering my defence for the upcoming tribunal.

“Well, your honour, I thought it was a good idea at the time and really wanted to watch my 21-year-old employee wet herself, because I am a massive pervert”.

I was going to get hammered. I would really miss my nice house, swimming pool and arcade when I had to sell it all to pay her settlement.

9:15am. Jenny’s car drove into view down the driveway. My heart almost skipped a beat.

I watched her get out of the car, dressed in her standard fashion, a charcoal grey suit this time, combined with lighter grey, opaque, tights under the knee length pencil skirt and her usual high heels.

It was a miserable day, breezy and overcast. Her brown, shoulder length hair wafted in the wind.

She headed in. This was it. Time to find out what the outcome was, good or bad. Best case, she pretends like it didn’t happen. Worse case, she came to hand me her resignation and tribunal papers herself and/or punch me in the face, which would have been fair.

The door opened.

“Good morning”, she said, her mood seemed sombre.

“Morning Jenny,” I replied, trying to sound cheery and not betray that I was more worried in that moment than I could ever remember being in my life.

She went to put her coat behind her desk, not saying anything else, I wondered if I had dodged a bullet here.

She then turned around, normally she would sit down and log-in to the system, ready for work but today she didn’t. She walked back towards my desk, standing in front of me. I braced myself for the shitstorm to come.

She looked nervous.

“I’m sorry I’m late, boss,” she began.

“Not a problem,” I chimed in, before she could continue, “Is everything ok?”, I added, hopefully.

“I was parked at the entrance. I was trying to work out what to say about yesterday,” she continued, seeming hesitant.

Ah. Damn, guess pretend like it didn’t happen was off the cards. Better get the defence in quick!

“Look,” I butted in, taking advantage of her hesitation. “Before you say anything, I have to apologise. I am truly sorry that I read those stories. They were private and personal, and I had no right to read them, regardless of where they were”.

She looked down at her feet slightly, I guessed from the thought that her boss had read some pretty intimate things about her, even if they were only stories.

I continued, before she could compose herself to speak.

“It was totally inappropriate of me to do it and even more inappropriate for me to…” it was my turn to hesitate here, I didn’t want to be too graphic and remind her of the outcome, not that she was likely to forget!

“For me to,” I continued, “do what I then did,” I finished, tactfully. “I can only apologise, although I realise that is very little comfort for my actions and I am so glad to see you here today”.

She was now looking up at me again.

“You thought I’d quit?” she asked.

“The thought had occurred to me,” I admitted. The thought, and far worse, hadn’t stopped occurring to me for the last twelve hours, I didn’t say!

“I love this job, boss,” she replied, almost defensively, “I’d never quit”.

“Well, that is good to hear,” I told her, pleasantly surprised at how well she was taking this. “I know I said some things yesterday, specifically about your job being at risk. Just know, that was not real, I would never fire you. You are a valued employee to the company, and to me”.

“Thanks, boss,” she replied, blushing slightly.

“I am also sorry for shouting at you,” I continued, feeling like the list of apologies could go on for a while.

It was Jenny’s turn to interrupt now, “Boss, I appreciate your apologies, but I have some things I want to say and some questions I want to ask,” she blurted out. “I spent so long thinking of what I wanted to say when I came in today, if I should even say anything but,” She hesitated for a moment, “I don’t want to make it awkward between us, and I don’t want to say something that loses me this job,” she added. She was shifting slightly, clearly uncomfortable about speaking up to me.

I was surprised at her interruption.

“You have my word, Jenny,” I told her solemnly, “You can ask and say whatever you want, it will not make anything awkward, and absolutely nothing you can say will put your job at risk, like I said, you are too important to me and I probably deserve it anyway”.

She nodded slightly. “Before I go on, can you do one thing for me?” she asked.

“Anything,” I quickly agreed.

“Tell me the truth, no lies,” she replied, “Please?”.

Well, damn. This could definitely get awkward fast. I never really planned for anything other than pretending yesterday never happened, losing Jenny or ending up at a tribunal. It didn’t really occur to me that Jenny, the quiet introvert, might want to actually talk about things.

I realised I had been silent for a while now. She was looking at me, waiting for an answer.

“I promise,” I told her. What else could I say? I can’t tell her no, I’m not going to tell you the truth. I also wasn’t sure if I could actually tell her the truth. Images of that tribunal flashed before my eyes again.

“Thank you,” she said, softly. Turning and walking to her desk to get her chair.

“Is this my new chair?” she asked, seemingly a little sad. Understandable, it was not a good chair, it was an old office chair from the storeroom that I had dragged out until her new one arrived.

I laughed, “No, of course not, your new chair is coming between ten and eleven, that is just to get you by until it arrives,” I assured her.

“Where’s the old one?” she asked, somewhat meekly, clearly embarrassed that her boss had to remove her sodden chair.

“I put it in the sauna room, to uh, recover,” I confirmed, somewhat reluctantly, still not wanting to remind her of yesterday more than I had to.

She nodded and wheeled her interim chair round in front of my desk before moving to the kettle.

“I need a cuppa,” she stated, “Want one?”.

“Sure,” I confirmed, happy for another moments respite from what I thought was going to be a pretty awkward conversation, despite my assurances.

Jenny made us a both tea and then sat down on her chair, staring down for a moment to compose herself.

She looked up and begun, “I was very upset yesterday. Angry at how you treated me”. Bad start.

“It never occurred to me at the time what was going on, I was so focussed on the work,” she continued.

I nodded slightly, not wanting to interrupt her.

“I was so scared that you were going to fire me,” she sounded so sad, I felt genuinely bad. “I wanted to say no, to tell you that I was going to the toilet, and a few minutes wouldn’t make any difference but, I struggle with confrontation sometimes,” she confessed, “You know that”.

I nodded again, knowing this must be pretty hard for her.

“If I had said no, and gone, you wouldn’t have fired me?” she asked.

“Of course not, Jenny,” I told her immediately, “It was part of the mean boss act, I was playing the part.” It suddenly sounded so ridiculous, saying it out loud, what was I thinking.

“I would have dropped it all right there and probably confessed to the whole thing,” I went on.

It was her turn to nod now, she clearly looked far outside of her comfort zone, much like I was!

“Why did you pick that story?” She asked.

Uh oh, not good. The fact is, I picked it because I have a massive fetish for watching women wet themselves, but I really didn’t want to tell Jenny that.

“Well,” I started, trying to think of an answer that didn’t paint me as a massive pervert, “Most of them were…. quite intimate,” I settled on, “Not really something you can do with a person without consent”. That was true, at least from what I read, which was not the whole document. Most of the early entries were sexual in nature. I might be a pervert but even I know doing stuff like that without consent is too far!

“Is that the only reason?” she probed, “Remember, you promised the truth, that means no omissions too”. Jesus, this was starting to feel like an interrogation. I shifted uncomfortably in my seat.

“Well,” I began, slowly.

She smiled slightly, and raised her eyebrows, as if willing me to continue.

“Well, I enjoyed the story,” I finally admitted.

Her smile broadened slightly. “Which part?” she continued to press. I was running out of ways to deflect her here, without outright lying.

“What do you mean?” I answered, trying to stall, hoping, somewhat optimistically, that she would change the subject, or the world would end.

“Well, did you like being the mean boss?” she asked.

“No,” I could be truthful here, “I hated that part, seeing that it upset you, I almost gave up”.

She nodded. “So, what part did you like?”, she continued. Well, there are not many parts left, are there Jenny, I was thinking.

Once again, I hesitated. I had run out of ideas to deflect her. I couldn’t even think of a good lie that would adequately explain why I done it.

“I… liked the outcome,” I confessed, quietly, now my turn to be embarrassed.

“The outcome?” she queried, her eyebrows raised slightly. She knew what she was doing. She was torturing me. I had not even considered this possibility.

“Jenny,” I started, going on the defensive, “Don’t make me spell it out, you know what I mean”.

“Do I?” she stated. “Do you mean the outcome where I “piss my knickers”?”, she quoted my final outburst from yesterday. “You didn’t mind spelling it out yesterday,” she pointed out.

I was screwed. I was thinking if I had anything within arm’s reach to end it quickly and avoid this absolute confession. I didn’t, I was going to have to man up and tell the truth.

“You promised truthful answers,” she reminded me, clearly enjoying me struggling for words.

“Fine, I liked the outcome where you wet yourself,” I gave up, confessing the truth.

She looked almost triumphant, a smug grin on her face.

“Why?” she followed up with, hardly missing a beat.

“Why?”, I parroted, “what do you mean?”. She really wanted everything. I know we had promised no awkwardness after, but how the hell was that going to work if I told her the full, unbridled truth?

“Why did you like the thought of me wetting myself?” she confirmed.

Fuck it, I thought, no choice really.

“I liked the thought of you wetting yourself because I like watching women wet themselves,” I blurted out, despite every fibre of my being urging me not to. “I like all kinds of wet play, but I have a special love of watching women wet their clothes and wetting my own”.

I continued, like a weight had lifted and I was not going to stop until I had confessed everything. “I have liked it since I was young, I don’t know why, I know it is wrong and weird, and forcing you to do it was hugely inappropriate and I am so sorry but, when I read that story, I just thought…” I was rambling at this point, very much embarrassed at having just made such an intimate confession to my employee.

She held up her hand before I could go on and embarrass myself more.

“Chris,” she said, using my name for only the second time, “It’s ok,” her voice was soft and comforting. “Thank you for being truthful, I really appreciate it”.

I was somewhat taken aback by her statement, I was expecting anger, disgust, hatred. I had just confessed to liking watching her piss herself because I had a piss fetish and she was thanking me for my honesty.

She clearly saw my confusion.

“You just thought, maybe you had found someone who liked it too?” she finished my previous rambling for me.

“Yeah,” I managed, meekly.

Jenny just nodded and stood up. Finally, this was over at least. I could go and find a hole to crawl into.

I was waiting for her to do something, but she just stood there, looking at me sitting behind my desk, as I wondered if this relationship was even salvageable.

I wondered if she was contemplating her options. She had said she loved this job, even after the events of yesterday but was the confession too far, could she work for someone who was clearly a raging pervert? Someone who had forced his fetish on his employee? His employee who was 20 years his junior? That was going to be a big ask. Could it ever be the same again, even if she did stay?

As I looked at her, waiting for the final judgement, a smile crept across her face. I was, again, confused.

Then I heard it. A patter of water on tile. I looked down. Her legs were almost together and, from under the hem of her charcoal grey skirt, was a steady stream, snaking down both her nylon covered legs, free-falling between them.

I looked up at her face. She was looking right at me, the smile still on her face.

Her eyes closed, she bit her bottom lip, only slightly, but noticeable and I heard the hiss as she sighed.

The steady stream quickly became a torrent, cascading down her legs, hissing loudly, her tights now soaked down the inside of both legs and all the way to her feet, where it was already overflowing her shoes and joining the growing puddle on the tiled floor, before heading to the drain in the centre of the room.

Her pee was quite yellow; she had been holding this for a while.

The front of her skirt now had a wet patch on it too, having escaped the slow, calculated pee at the start, the full force of her bladder had made sure that it did not stay that way.

I was transfixed. Of all the ways I had expected today to go, this was not one of them. Never in a million years would I have bet on this outcome.

As the torrent slowed, she rubbed her thighs together, sending the last bits further round the front of her tights and making the patch on her skirt grow wider.

She turned around slowly, letting me see the back, her tights were soaked from where they emerged from under her skirt, just above her knees, all the way down to her calves. She bent her knees slightly, the final bit of her dwindling stream ensuring even the back of her skirt did not escape.

The stream was done, as she turned back to face me there were only the last drips from under her skirt and from the wet hem, dripping into the draining puddle on the floor.

She was soaked. There were a couple of small areas on her tights, the very outside around her knees, that had escaped the deluge, but the rest were totally wet, now a dark grey, like her suit was. Her skirt faired a bit better, but the front had a large, football-sized, almost black, patch and there was going to be a similar, smaller, one at the back.

The ability to speak was not something I currently had as I looked up at her face. My confusion clearly amused her, her smile broadened and she laughed, probably at my look of utter bewilderment.

“Maybe you have,” she said.

I was still trying to process what I had just witnessed. “What?” I finally managed to get out.

“Maybe you have found someone who likes it too,” she answered, in her soft, comforting tone.

I’m pretty sure at this point that my brain was actually starting to melt. It was struggling to comprehend not only what had just happened, but now that last sentence Jenny had uttered so calmly.

“What?” was, again, all I manged to articulate. Hopefully my brain would restart shortly.

Jenny laughed. “Are you ok, boss?” she asked, “You look a bit shocked”.

“Um, a little,” I nodded, as I finally managed to string more than one word together. “You could say that”.

“You read the end of the story, right?” she replied. “The bit where I said the joke was on him, because he thought he was in control, punishing me, but actually, I didn’t mind and enjoyed the whole thing?”. She stepped toward her chair, a squelch coming from her shoes as she did, and a small wave of pee breaching the top of them. She didn’t react, keeping them on and sitting down, smoothing out her wet skirt as she did.

“Well, yes,” I managed, my brain rebooting at this point. “But you seemed genuinely upset, I thought I had misunderstood, miscalculated, that it was just a fantasy and not something you wanted to be a reality. So, you actually liked it?” I asked.

She thought for a second. “No,” she stated, “and yes. I was genuinely upset,” she continued. “Like I said, I didn’t realise what was happening, I didn’t even think of those stories, I was so focussed on the work. I just thought you were being mean, because of what was at stake, and I was so scared that you would be angrier if I had an accident”.

“I was also really embarrassed that I was going to have an accident in front of my boss. Grown-ups don’t wet themselves at work, like you said, grown-ups can hold it. How would I be able to look you in the eyes again if I did that?” she asked.

“Once I couldn’t hold it, I was so scared and so embarrassed that I couldn’t stop the tears, I thought I had ruined the best thing that had ever happened to me,” she continued. “I thought you would be angry, maybe even fire me on the spot, not tell me to finish and get on with it”.

“The thought of fully wetting myself, in the office, in front of you, was terrifying, even if it’s something I normally enjoy,” she admitted. “When you finally shouted at me, told me that the job was more important than me having to “piss my knickers”, I thought I had no choice,” she confessed.

“When I started, it felt so good, to finally release, I don’t often get that desperate, that I forgot myself for a moment,” She continued, “and then I suddenly realised what I was doing. I was wetting myself, at work, at my desk, in front of my boss and I just wanted the floor to open up and swallow me,” she sounded sad again, clearly this had been a rough experience for her, and I was feeling a little guilty for putting her through it. Only a little though because, despite this, it looks like it might not end too badly after all, judging by the view of her soaking tights I currently had.

“When I was done, I thought you would say something, but you didn’t. I just thought you would be judging me, wondering what sort of grown woman would do such a thing at work. I just wanted to give up and leave, but you said this was so important, so I just tried to ignore it, pretend it hadn’t happened,” She paused for breath.

“You seemed to be doing the same, delivering a cup of tea to the girl who had just disgraced herself, it made me a bit less scared, that you weren’t making a big deal out of it, that you weren’t angry. I was still so embarrassed though, I couldn’t even look at you”.

“It felt so weird, sitting there working normally, you at your desk, just like any other workday, only…” she paused slightly, “only I was sitting in a puddle, my tights were soaked, and my shoes were filled with pee”.

“I just cracked on, the work comes first after all,” she smiled at the reference, I did too.

“When I realised I needed to go again, you and those damn cuppas!” she said with a chuckle, “I thought about saying something, but then I remembered how angry you were earlier, how you made it clear that the work is more important. I thought about holding it, I probably could have but I remembered that I had already wet myself, I was reminded that my knickers were still wet with every shuffle in my chair, even if my tights had dried by then, what difference would it make if I went in them again?”.

“So, I did, I just relaxed, and let it go, deliberately,” she admitted. “It was another weird experience, not just being at work, but actually working, like I do every day only, this time, I was wetting my knickers while I was doing it, it felt…. liberating,” she concluded after trying to find the correct term.

I smiled slightly at this statement, it was something I had done many times and, it was indeed, liberating.

“For some reason, there was almost no embarrassment this time, like it was not a big deal, not a new thing. I’d already wet myself in front of my boss, twice is not going to change anything is it?”.

“I even let myself enjoy it this time, I almost forgot I was at the office at the end, until I saw you looking, then it hit me again, how I was just casually doing something so unthinkable, I was wetting my knickers, in the office, like it was nothing, that brought the embarrassment flooding back,” she smiled slightly, it took my brain a second to catch up and realise the pun.

“After that, it was the home stretch,” she said happily, “I just got back to it again, I was so relieved that it was almost over”.

“I did think you were going to make me clean up the office though,” she confided with a chuckle. “It actually made me more embarrassed when you told me to go home, the thought of you having to clean up my pee, but I just wanted it to be over at that point”.

I didn’t point out that there would have been little point in her cleaning up, since I was going to have to clean up another mess shortly after she left!

“I thought that was it, it was over and I could go home and finally let the embarrassment catch up and kill me,” she continued, “and then you revealed the truth. My brain was pretty fried, it took me a few seconds to put it together but, when I realised what you had said, what it meant, I thought my heart might give out”.

“As I walked to the car, I couldn’t even think how you would have known about my stories, they’re on a flash drive, I only plug it in when I add to them, and it was in my bag. Then I remembered Sunday, then I remembered that the autosave saves to the shared drive. You had the whole file, and you read it,” she said, anger in her voice.

“I was pretty pissed off, have to admit,” she added, “I thought about coming back in and confronting you, telling you that you had no right, that you were a….bad person,” she hesitated slightly, I think she had to stop herself from using a rude word, not that I would have blamed her, “I decided that I wanted to go home more, there was always tomorrow for that,” she laughed.

“On the way home though, I realised something, and it confused me,” she said, thoughtfully, “I realised I was incredibly horny,” she added the last part in almost a whisper, like she was afraid someone might overhear.

I was certainly shocked by that confession. I raised my eyebrows slightly but only managed to utter an “oh,” before she continued.

“I mean, I’ve told you that I like this,” she gestured to her current condition, “but I had not realised how horny it had made me. The fear, the embarrassment, they were overwhelming, more than I’ve ever felt in my life but I think I had felt it all the time, it was just…. hidden by those other feelings, does that make sense?” she asked.

I nodded, trying to think of something to say, but she carried on before I could contemplate how to respond to it.

“So, to answer your question, at the time, no, I didn’t like it, I felt genuinely upset and embarrassed, although there were points where I forgot that and enjoyed it, albeit briefly. After thinking about it though, it was an incredible experience, one that I had, as you know, thought about before. I think that the surprise made it both more and less enjoyable. Had I known what was happening, I could have enjoyed certain aspects more but, by not knowing, I was surprised by the enjoyment of some aspects of it, it made it real, not a planned fantasy.”

“So,” she continued quickly, “The one thing I decided I really wanted to say to you was, thank you. Thank you for doing what you did. I never thought that I would get to experience those feelings, not in reality and not without it causing repercussions”.

“I also thought you might have a more selfish motive for what happened than simply fulfilling a random fantasy of mine,” she added, quite correctly, with a grin. “Hence the request for the truth and the invasive questions”.

“That, and I thought I deserved to know something intimate about you since you know an awful lot of intimate details about me now,” she quickly added, a sly grin on her face.

For the second time today, my brain felt like it was melting. I had not even thought about the possibility that she would react this way, that she had her own piss fetish. I know she had written the story, but it was the one story in about seven or eight that I had read, that featured pee. I had thought, at best, it was some random thought she had put into words, we all have thoughts, after all, that does not always mean we want them to become reality.

This, this was something else.

No resignation, no tribunal, no anger and hatred. Instead, I got a thank you. I got a thank you for forcing my employee to wet herself. For causing her the most embarrassment and fear she had ever felt.

Not only that, but she had, quite voluntarily, and quite deliberately, repeated the event.

I was so lost at this point. I had a million questions and was unable to articulate any of them.

Jenny was looking at me, her head slightly cocked, clearly waiting for me to say something to the confession she had just made.

“I’m not really sure what to say Jenny,” I went with the truth, “I’ll be honest with you, of all the ways I thought this might go today, this was not one of them”.

She laughed. “Your expression kind of makes that obvious, boss. I’ve never seen you lost for words before. You’re not upset, are you?” she asked.

“Upset?”, the question took me by surprise, “No, of course I’m not upset, I’m just surprised. I really don’t know how to respond. I had planned so many responses to things I expected you to say, most of them were grovelling apologies and ridiculous excuses for what I did”.

I composed myself slightly.

“Jenny, what have told me here makes me incredibly happy. I am so glad that you came back, I am so glad that I didn’t ruin our relationship. I can’t believe I told you my reasons, that I confessed one of my deepest secrets and I can’t believe that you didn’t run a mile when I did and even admitted to sharing that secret yourself. I am still trying to get my head round it all.”

Jenny looked amused.

“I get that,” she agreed, “I think we both went slightly out of our comfort zones since yesterday”.

I nodded in agreement.

Before either of us could continue, the delivery van bringing her new chair appeared on the drive, I looked at the clock, it was 10:15am, we had been talking for an hour!

“My new chair,” Jenny exclaimed excitedly, jumping up. Her shoes squelched as she did so, although whatever was left in them was little enough to stay contained. The noise made her look down, as if she had forgotten her current state.

“Ah, boss, do you mind getting this one?” she asked, gesturing down to her condition. Her tights had dried a little by now, you could still clearly make out the variation in colour, where parts were drying quicker in thw warm office air, but the front of her skirt was still visibly wet, it had started to dry, fading back towards its original colour at the edges and the patch had constricted slightly but it was still more than visible enough to give away what had happened. Her shoes were obviously still wet, the squelch they made when she stood up made that clear!

I had been a little distracted during our conversation and had neglected to realise that I was actually pretty aroused. I had to do some covert manoeuvring to keep my boner from showing as I stood up, angling it toward a pocket and casually holding it in place, while willing it to subside!

I collected the parcel and returned to the office, glad that it was big enough to hide my indiscretion, since it took two hands to hold. I was even more glad when I opened the door to find Jenny emptying her shoes of the remaining pee. She was just emptying the second shoe as I entered, not a lot but a slight trickle dripped from the back as she tipped it down the drain.

Her nylon covered feet were still soaked in the shape of her shoes, the top clearly drier, the colour difference an obvious sign of her earlier actions, her toes and heel glistening after only just being released from their puddle and my boner returned fully to attention.

I carried the box over toward my desk, using it as cover before slipping into my chair while Jenny was focussed on slipping her damp shoes back on.

She excitedly grabbed the box.

“I’ll build it for you,” I offered. As long as I can keep my dick in check, I didn’t add.

“No, that’s fine boss, I can manage, I’m not totally helpless,” she retorted with a grin.

She emptied the contents of the box carefully onto the floor in front of her and sat herself down on the tiled floor.

“Wow,” she commented, “this is a nice chair”.

It was, it was better than mine to be honest. I went a bit mad and thought I better buy her a really nice replacement to make up for the fact that I had forced her to piss herself and work for 10 hours straight. “Sorry I made you totally embarrass yourself, here’s a nice chair to make it up to you”.

Jesus, how did my brain think that was a good idea, I must be an idiot.

Still, it appeared to be appreciated, by Jenny as being a nice chair and by me because it seemed to have changed the topic of conversation to something a little less awkward.

She pressed on with the building for about fifteen minutes in silence.

She was almost done, kneeling on the floor next to the completed base and seat, only the back and arm rests to add.

“So, boss,” she suddenly started, not looking away from the job she was doing “Where does our conversation leave us, going forward?”.

Ah fuck. Fifteen minutes of non-awkwardness. I was hoping for more.

“What do you mean?” I asked, trying to sound innocent.

She stopped for a moment and looked at me, raising her eyebrows and lowering her head slightly, “You know what I mean. After all that’s been said and done, what happens now? Do we just forget it and pretend it didn’t happen?” she asked as she returned to the chair.

“Well, is that what you want to do?” I replied.

She stopped again, not looking at me this time. “No, I don’t think it is,” she decided after a few seconds of thought.

I was a bit worried now. What did she want then? I might not be out of the woods yet.

“Ok, so what do you want then,” I pressed.

“I don’t know,” she countered. Well, that’s helpful, I thought.

“Well, that’s helpful,” I thought out loud.

She shot me a look, lowering her eyebrows slightly, trying to look angry.

“What do you want?” she asked in reply.

Hmm, what did I want? On the one hand, she is an amazing, gorgeous, woman who has just admitted to enjoying something I have loved for my whole life. On the other, she is 20 years my junior and my employee.

I don’t really want a relationship, not because of the age gap or anything about Jenny, although I’m sure the difference in age would certainly be frowned upon, people judge after all, but I am happy being single, the lifestyle suits me. If she wanted that though, could I say no without causing a rift?

Fun and frolics? Well, sure, never a bad thing but, as with the previous option, there are concerns and, on top of that, Jenny deserves to find someone to love her, not an old man (from her perspective at least!) who just wants some non-committed fun.

So, what then? Just go back to how it was? That would be easier said than done, doubly so after her confession today.

“You there, boss?” Jenny asked, with a wave of her hand.

I realised that I was running through all these scenarios in my head while she was waiting for a response.

“Yeah, sorry,” I spluttered, “I don’t know”. Seemed the easier answer.

“Well, that’s helpful,” she countered with a giggle. “That was also a lot of thought for “I don’t know,”” she added.

“I just want you to be comfortable,” I told her, “If you’re happy, I’m happy. I have put you in this position, and I am so sorry for that, but you need to be the one who decides the outcome and, whatever that outcome is, I will accept that, no question, no judgement, no repercussions”.

She nodded. “I get that, boss and I appreciate it. I just don’t want to put myself in a position where I hurt myself, or you”.

“Jenny,” I looked at her and put my serious voice on, “Whatever happens, you won’t hurt me, I promise” I told her. “Unless you quit, I will definitely be sad if you quit,” I added, with a grin.

“No chance of that,” she smiled back. “It’s just that”, she started, hesitantly, “I’ve always tried to keep everything professional; it was the way I was brought up”.

“I’ve noticed,” it was my turn to grin now, “I’ve tried to convince you to drop that so many times, you always shut me down.”

“Like I said, I was brought up that way,” she continued, “Both my parents were in the corporate world, they drummed it into me that you must always remain professional. Never get complacent, never make an opening that could be used against you, never think someone is your friend because that is a weakness they can use against you”.

I was sad that, after 6 months, Jenny had not realised I was not that way, while there was a lot of money at stake, I would rather lose out than be one of those people. I had the opportunity to sell my business to a bigger fish several times over the years but always refused because I knew they would gut my company and kick my staff to the gutter. I liked my staff. A lot of them had been with me for years.

She continued, “I really wanted to listen to what you were saying, to be more casual, to use your things, to “chill out a bit”, as you told me but, I just remembered what I was told and thought it would only give you something to use against me one day,” she sounded sad again. “Does that make sense?” she finished.

“Yeah, that makes sense,” I reassured her. “It hurts that you thought that way of me, but I get why you did and, in all honestly, your way is probably the right way more often than not”.

I didn’t give her a chance to reply.

“Now though, has that changed?” I asked her.

“Well, yeah,” she confirmed. “I’ve hardly been very professional over these last two days, have I?”.

“I disagree, I think you were very professional yesterday,” I told her.

She gave me a quizzical look, “How can you say that, I literally wet myself at my desk?” she questioned.

“You had a job to do. You put that job first, over everything else. You were scared and embarrassed but, despite that, you did what had to be done, regardless of the sacrifice. I don’t think many people would have done that,” I told her.

She looked at me like I was mad. “I’m not sure that many people would agree with that assessment, but I’ll take it,” she cheerfully replied. “What about today then?” she queried.

“Well, today, I would agree, you were not very professional,” I confirmed.

She looked a bit sad, eyes looking down.

“You were fifteen minutes late for work,” I quickly finished, with a grin.

Jenny burst out laughing.

“Ok, that’s fair,” she accepted, when she stopped.

“It does still leave the question you asked,” I pointed out, “that you need to answer”.

Her face got serious again. Today was certainly a roller-coaster of emotions, for both of us.

“Yeah,” she agreed, “I guess it does”.

Jenny took a deep breath.

“Boss, you are amazing, I love working here with you but,” she hesitated again, “I don’t want a relationship,” she looked down as she said that, like it was the worst thing in the world.

Before I got a chance to reply, she carried on, another of those confessions that, once started, you really want to finish.

“It’s not you, please don’t think that, you are awesome and attractive but it’s just that I have been hurt, really badly, in the past and I’m just not ready for anything like that. Please don’t hate me, I don’t want you to think I have led you on, I’m just not in a place I can put myself in that position right now but ….” She was tearing up a bit.

She went to continue but I could not let her go on, I felt bad for her.

“Jenny, Jenny,” I put up my hand to stop her, she looked up at me, her eyes watery, “Jenny, you don’t have to go on. You don’t have to justify your choice, that is personal, and I completely accept that. Honestly, I’m glad, I think you are amazing person, even before these events, but I am not in a place where I want a relationship either, I was scared that you wanted one and I would hurt you when I said no”.

“Really?” she asked.

“Really,” I confirmed.

She immediately brightened, like a weight had been lifted from her shoulders.

“I was so worried about telling you that,” she said, wiping away the last tear, “I know what you said before, but I just thought, if you wanted that and I refused, would you be able to carry on working with me?”.

“Jenny, I can’t keep telling you this. There is nothing you could say or do that would make me get rid of you. You could literally take a piss in the middle of the office, and I wouldn’t care,” I told her with a smile.

She laughed again.

“Thanks, boss,” she said with a smile.

“How about this,” I proposed. “We are colleagues. We are friends. We can talk, we can hang out if you want, we can just be normal people. No strings, no commitments, no obligation to be professional at all times, just friends”.

“I’d like that, boss,” she said, not even taking time to think it over, “Friends”.

“Good, that’s settled then,” I confirmed, glad that, finally, it was all over. Definitely this time.

Jenny put the final screws into her chair.

“Done!” she declared, spinning it around to show off its glory.

I was actually somewhat jealous. It was a very nice chair. I made a mental note to order one for me later.

Jenny wheeled her new seat over to her desk and went to sit down, before hesitating.

She moved back round the front, heading for the cupboard where the kettle and office stuff was. She saw my confused look.

“I need a bag,” she answered the question I didn’t ask. “My knickers are still wet, I don’t want to hurt it,” she continued, in a low, almost conspiratorial whisper.

I smiled slightly, “No need,”.

It was her turn for a confused look, with a question not asked.

“The padding and the main cover are removable, and washable, the rest is plastic or metal,” I answered. “Basically waterproof”.

“and why would you buy me a waterproof chair?”, she asked, with a fake shocked look, “Are you trying to say something?”.

“Not at all,” I played along, “But you never know what might happen”.

She smiled and abandoned her mission for a bag, returning to her chair.

She took it in for a second before turning and slowly lowering herself into it.

She sighed as she settled into its soft embrace. Yep, definitely need one of them!

She swung it round a couple of times and set about adjusting the seat and back to her liking.

“This is awesome,” she declared, “Thanks boss!”.

I smiled.

“Boss, there is something else we need to discuss,” she said, looking very relaxed and savouring the new chair feel.

Really? I thought this was all over. Please no more, my brain can’t cope with anything else today, I wanted to say.

“There is?” I questioned.

“Well, it’s just that, in the spirit of being slightly less professional, are there any rules we need to make? I don’t want to do something that will upset you,” she asked.

“What do you mean?” I asked, trying to look innocent.

“Boss,” was all she said, giving me the head down, eyes raised you-know-full-well-what-I-mean look“.

“Fine,” I conceded, “I think we need three rules, unless you can think of any others”.

“First rule, the work comes first,” immediately realising what I had said, unintentionally.

She gave me a grin.

“Not like that,” I countered, “seriously, the work comes first. We can do whatever we want but not to the detriment of the work. Work first, anything else second”.

“Agreed,” she confirmed. “The second rule?”.

“Nobody should ever feel uncomfortable. If someone does something that makes the other person feel like that, they speak up and the other person stops, immediately, no questions, no dispute and you should always feel free to say if something makes you feel that way, there will never be any judgement or repercussions for speaking up”.

To be honest, this rule was entirely for Jenny, I honestly could not think of anything she could do that would make me feel uncomfortable. I was more concerned that she seemed to be angling for more of the performances of the last two days and that I could not always hide behind my desk to hide certain male…. issues that would occur if she did do those things. Things I definitely wanted her to do!

“Definitely”, she agreed. “The final rule?”

“No judgement, no awkwardness. As long as the first two rules are adhered to, we can do whatever we want. Even things that might be considered ‘unprofessional’ in a normal workspace,” I air quoted the unprofessional for added emphasis to Jenny.

“What do you mean ‘unprofessional’,” she asked, despite knowing full-well what I meant.

“Well, from your perspective, pretty much anything,” I joked. “You have full access, as you always have done, to this entire annex. If you want to use it, you can, as long as rule one is not broken. I don’t want to find you in the arcade while we have a client waiting for paperwork, for example”. I played her game, knowing full well that was not what she meant.

She scrunched her face up in fake anger.

“You know that’s not what I meant,” she confirmed.

“Do you really need me to spell it out?” I countered.

“May-be,” she replied, separating the syllables.

I gave her my own fake-angry look.

“Maybe, I need a demonstration, just so I’m fully understanding of what ‘unprofessional’ means. After all, I wouldn’t want to do something embarrassing,” she finished, a slightly smug grin on her face.

I suddenly felt uncomfortable.

Jenny wanted to see me wet myself. I mean, I had seen her three times now, turnabout is fair play and all. Plus, I already told her that I liked it. I just hadn’t considered, in its fullness, what that actually meant. I hadn’t considered that she might want the same show as I had been given.

I had not wet myself in front of a woman, or anyone for that matter, for a long time.

I did need a piss right now, quite badly actually, and we are already down a rabbit hole so deep I wouldn’t be surprised if said rabbit spoke Australian. So why not?

“Fine,” I eventually conceded, “I will demonstrate some unprofessional office conduct, just so you are perfectly clear.”

Jenny raised her eyebrows and smiled, broadly. I got the distinct feeling that she was enjoying this.

I stood up from my desk and headed for the kettle, repositioning my cock as I stood up, so it faced upwards towards my stomach.

I was wearing a navy suit today with a white shirt, the jacket hung over the back of my chair. Black boxers hid underneath, and a pair of Oxford shoes and black socks finished the ensemble. I wasn’t wearing a tie; I often don’t in the office.

“Now,” I started like I was narrating a cheesy instructional video, “In most office environments, your workers are going to drink a lot of tea”.

I filled the kettle and flicked it on

“In this example, our office worker is making a good, old-fashioned cuppa for himself and his work colleague. All is good, nothing unusual about the situation,” I went on as I put some teabags into our cups.

Jenny was trying hard not to giggle.

I pushed, suddenly worried about stage fright. Could I actually do this? Could I really wet myself in front of Jenny?

It was an unfounded worry apparently, maybe the confessions, maybe the smell of her earlier pee lingering, maybe the sight of her sitting there, knowing that she was still wearing wet knickers, even if her tights had now almost dried, all coupled with my desperation meant I felt the first spurt come easily, immediately running down my still slightly erect cock, into my boxers and bathing my balls in a warm pool. I was actually going to do this.

The kettle clicked off. I held it back as I poured the water. It was hard, once I start, feel that first warm dribble, I just want to release.

I discarded the tea bag and picked up Jenny’s cup.

“So far, so professional,” I continued, “Nothing wrong with this scene at all.”

Jenny lost her battle and was giggling at this point.

I walked round the side of her desk and handed her the cup, standing only a foot of so in front of her.

“Unfortunately, our worker has an issue,” I narrated, “Unbeknownst to his colleague, our worker needs to use the toilet. In fact, while he was making the tea, he has already dribbled in his underwear.”

Jenny’s eye widened slightly, her mouth open.

“The professional approach to this would be for our worker to excuse himself and head to the bathroom,” I carried on. “Unfortunately, our worker has other ideas, as you are about to see”.

I stepped back slightly, not wanting to catch Jenny in the splash zone that tiled floors create.

With my legs together, I pushed again, harder this time. I felt it restart. I pushed harder still. I was going for a flood. As I pushed, the hiss was immediate. I could feel my piss shooting briefly upwards before flowing down, cascading over my balls and already running down both legs.

Jenny’s hand shot to cover her mouth as she gasped.

I continued, the pee flowing down both legs as it hissed into my boxers, I felt it running down the front of my thighs, I felt it enter my shoes and bathe my feet in a warm embrace.

I closed my eyes and tilted my head back. It felt amazing. I almost forgot Jenny was even there.

Jenny’s hard exhale suddenly reminded me that I was not alone. She had been holding her breath, hopefully enjoying the show.

It had only been around five or six seconds, I think, and I clamped off the flow. I had more, lot’s more to be honest, but I figured that was enough for the demonstration, and to make sure Jenny was good with it.

I looked down at my trousers. They were entirely soaked down the front and insides. From the front, if it was not for the obvious glistening of fresh pee, you could easily think they were just a darker navy, there was nothing lighter on show.

The final trickles were still flowing freely from the bottom of my trousers, once again heading towards the well-used drain in the centre of the room.

I rocked my knees back and forth, squeezing my thighs together, savouring the warm, wet feeling of my trousers clinging to my legs.

I looked at Jenny; her mouth was agape. She looked up at me and seemed to be trying to speak. I guess it was her turn to be lost for words.

I thought I’d give her a few seconds to recover the power of speech. I knew what she must be feeling!

“Oh dear,” I continued the narration, “Our worker seems to have chosen to relieve himself without going to the bathroom. He has, instead, chosen to go to the toilet in his trousers. Not only that, but he has also chosen to do so right in front of his colleague. This is most unprofessional and, if his colleague was so inclined, our worker might find himself in some hot water with HR. Possibly even hotter than the water he is currently standing in”.

Jenny giggled again, seeming to recover from the initial shock of what I had just done.

“Thank you for the demo boss, that’s certainly clarified some unprofessional behaviour,” she finally managed to speak. She stood up from her new chair, her legs slightly apart. I took another step back, my shoes squelching as I did so.

“Fortunately for our worker,” she took up my narration, “His colleague will not be reporting him to HR as, very recently, she has also developed a different approach to relieving herself at work”.

Her eyes looked down. The first trickle was already splashing on the floor from under her skirt.

Her flow increased, not hard this time, there was no hiss, just a steady stream flowing straight down. It was a few seconds more before I could see it start to snake down the inside of her tights, heading down to re-soak her legs and join my disappearing puddle on the floor.

This was a far more casual pee, no pressure, no desperation, just a nice, slow release.

It didn’t last more than about 10 seconds, she clearly was not desperate again yet, but it was enough to soak her tights down the inside of both legs, although a lot of it had flowed directly down from her knickers as her legs were more apart this time.

It was also enough to refill her shoes as, when she was finished, she brought her legs together, shifting her weight from one to the other a couple of times, causing a trickle to escape from each heel as she did so.

Her skirt had managed to escape any further damage this time, since it was a much more relaxed release. Her previous patch was mostly dry by now.

As I looked up, she was looking right at me, a smile on her face.

“As you can see,” she continued the skit, “Our workers colleague has also chosen to forgo the normal practice and excuse herself to use the bathroom. She has, instead, chosen to go to the toilet in her knickers; this is also very unprofessional behaviour”.

“Although,” she added, glancing down slightly toward my crotch, “It does not appear that her coworker is offended by it”.

I followed her gaze, realising that there was, in fact, a bit of tenting occurring in my pants. I say a bit; it was a full-on boner. I had just watched Jenny wet herself, deliberately, for the second time today. Between that and the feeling of my cooling pee-soaked trousers, I was about as aroused as a man could get.

I quickly tried to cover it with my hands.

Jenny giggled again.

“I’m so sorry,” I began, trying to stammer out an apology.

Jenny held up her hand. “Boss, honestly, don’t worry about it, it’s perfectly normal,” she comforted me, in her soft, caring voice. “Rule three, no judgement,” she reminded me.

I nodded, weirdly more embarrassed by being caught with the boner than actually pissing myself in front of her. I knew this was likely to happen, but I was not expecting it to be right now, I thought we could build up to it gradually!

“I know, it’s just very…”, I started.

“Unprofessional?” she butted in.

I laughed, “Yeah, unprofessional”.

“Well, I think we have established that unprofessional things are likely to happen a lot in this office, and we are both grown-ups who can deal with it without embarrassment, agreed?” she asked.

“Agreed,” I confirmed, very relieved that this was not going to be an issue, or another long, awkward discussion.

She nodded. “Now,” she said, “We must be in danger of breaking rule one, given that it’s almost half eleven and all we have managed to do this morning is have awkward conversations and make the office smell like a public toilet”.

I laughed at that; it did actually smell a lot like a public toilet in here.

“Shall we clean this up first?” she suggested, gesturing to the floor.

“Does it bother you?” I replied.

“Not at all,” she affirmed.

“Well, probably not worth it then, I get the feeling it would be a bit pointless anyway,” I decided, with a smile.

Jenny smiled too and nodded in agreement as she sat down and I headed back to my desk, both ready to do some actual work. Both soaked in our own piss.

The future was certainly looking interesting.

*017*2025-12-05 13:03

This is the first of 2 brief interlude stories, covering the aftermath of the Next Day story.

This is one from Chris's perspective, it contains sexual content, if you don't like that, feel free to skip it, it won't really impact any future chapters.

###

Jenny the Secretary – The Next Day – Interlude Part 1 - Chris

CHRIS

The next hour was pretty surreal.

I was sitting in the office, like I did every day. Jenny was sitting across from me, busily getting on with the latest job, like she did every day.

The difference then? We were both wet. With pee.

We had both fully pissed ourselves, in the office, in front of each other.

We had both admitted to having a love of wetting ourselves and watching others do the same.

This did not happen every day.

I was also trying to get my head around our new office dynamic. We could do anything we wanted, as long as it didn’t make the other person uncomfortable.

Now, Jenny could do anything she wanted, she was never going to make me uncomfortable.

I was a lot more concerned about making her uncomfortable. I had to be cool, let her lead.

She had already made it clear that my boner, clearly displayed when we had both pissed ourselves, only a few feet apart, was not an issue for her. This was a relief because, if she was going to be wetting herself regularly, I was going to have a boner regularly too!

Right now though, my boner was pretty distracting. It had been for the last hour. Between pissing myself and watching Jenny wet herself for the second time that morning, I was pretty much ready to explode.

I had hoped to keep it under control until after work, but I realised that was not going to happen, my poor cock needed release.

I decided pretty quickly that, despite our new dynamic, having a crafty wank in the office was probably pushing it, especially on day one!

I waited patiently for Jenny to announce that it was lunch time, always 1pm.

Like clockwork, she followed her routine, and I seized my chance.

“I just need to go sort something out,” I told her, “Be about half hour, you good?”. Half an hour was probably a tad optimistic, the way I was feeling I would be done and back in a few minutes!

“Sure thing boss,” she confirmed.

As I headed for the door, she looked up from her desk briefly, “Have fun,” she said, with a grin.

Did she know? No, she couldn’t, could she? I panicked slightly. Do I abandon the mission?

No, why would I, she can’t know and, besides, I was not going to be doing it near her.

I headed across the annex to the cinema room. I have a nice setup in there, a luscious sofa and some comfy chairs with a projector for big screen entertainment.

I unbuckled my belt. My trousers were almost dry by now, slightly damp at best. I considered keeping them up for a rewetting but decided to save that for the office after lunch.

I slipped the trousers down to my ankles, just leaving my damp boxers in place and sat on the sofa. As with everything in my annex, it was waterproofed.

I stroked my cock lightly through the damp material. It was not wet enough, I decided.

While I was planning to have a proper wetting back in the office, I released a little now, just a short spurt, to re-soak the boxers. It flowed over my right thigh slightly and down the inside to my balls, feeling it run under my ass too.

I slowly stoked my cock through the now-wet material. I let my thoughts drift over the last couple of days.

Jenny liked wetting herself.

Jenny had wet herself twice today, deliberately.

It felt good. Very good. Too good.

I had to let go of my cock for a moment, let the feeling die down, I didn’t want it to be over this fast.

I started slowly stroking it again.

Jenny has been wearing wet knickers for the last three hours.

Sitting at her desk, wearing wet knickers.

It was building quickly again. I had to carry on this time; it was too much.

She had chosen to wee in her knickers because she likes it.

She is wearing wet knickers because she likes it.

That was it. I exploded at that final thought, spurting my hot cum into my already soaked boxers.

I collapsed into the sofa.

That took all of four minutes from sitting down to exploding. Christ, I can’t believe how horny she had made me!

I spent the next five recovering. It might not have been long, but it was probably one of the most powerful orgasms I had had in the last decade!

I pulled my trousers up, buckled the belt and headed next door for a quick game in the arcade, I didn’t want to head back to the office yet. Given Jenny had clearly thought, correctly, that I was going for a crafty wank, getting back so soon might not paint me in the best light!

About 1:25pm I returned to the office feeling much more relaxed, Jenny was just packing up her lunch stuff.

“Good lunch?” she enquired with a grin.

“Yeah, it was,” I replied, returning the grin. She knew. She didn’t seem to be bothered by it though. I’ll take that as a win!

*018*2025-12-05 13:09

This is the second of 2 brief interlude stories, covering the aftermath of the Next Day story.

This is one from Jenny's perspective, it contains sexual content, if you don't like that, feel free to skip it, it won't really impact any future chapters.

Also, this is the first time I have ever tried to write from a female persepective. I am not female, so I have no idea if this will be any good. I apologise in advance if this is terrible. Please do tell me though!

###

Jenny the Secretary – The Next Day – Interlude Part 2 - Jenny

JENNY’S PERSPECTIVE

Well, this week has not gone how I thought it would go, I mused.

If you had told me three days ago that, on Monday, I would end the day sitting in a puddle of my own piss I would have thought you were a bit mad.

If you had told me that, by Tuesday lunchtime, I would have pissed myself four times while at work, three of them deliberately, and seen my middle-aged boss piss his suit trousers, also deliberately, while standing in front of me, I would have tried to get you committed.

Yet here we are.

It is 12:45 on Tuesday and I am sitting at my desk in wet knickers, typing away on a report like it is perfectly normal.

I am also still trying to get my head around the conversations I’ve had with my boss today.

After he made me wet myself yesterday, while being an absolute bastard, and I realised that he had read my personal stories, my own stupid fault really, I started to wonder why he had done what he did.

The only conclusion I could come to was that he wanted to see me wet myself and the only conclusion I could draw for him wanting to see that is that he liked seeing women wet themselves.

I liked to wet myself. Until now though, nobody who knew me in real life actually knew that.

Now my boss knew that. I told him. I can’t believe I actually told him, even after he admitted that he liked it too. It felt liberating though, having someone know.

Better yet, we have apparently agreed that we can wet ourselves at the office with impunity. I hope he realises how often that is going to happen!

Still, from his boner earlier, I don’t think he will mind too much. I am surprised he didn’t want to take care of that; most men I have met would need to do something about it. I half expected him to take advantage of our new, unprofessional dynamic and do it at his desk. I don’t think I would have minded.

It would have given me the chance to take care of myself. I am so horny right now.

I don’t want to scare him though. We are only an hour into our new rules, pretty sure that playing with myself at my desk might be pushing it. I don’t want to risk it yet, let’s get used to it all first, see how it plays out.

I check the clock again, five minutes to lunch.

I’m trying to work out how to deal with this.

“I just need to go sort something out,” my boss suddenly declared, as I reached for the bag containing my lunch, “Be about half hour, you good?”.

“Sure thing boss,” I replied, beyond happy that he has solved my problem for me.

I bet I know what he’s going to do too!

“Have fun,” I grinned at him as he left. He hesitated slightly. Had I made a mistake, should I have just kept quiet?

He carried on. Phew.

As the door clicked shut, my hand was already reaching down the waistband of my skirt and tights.

The tights had dried now, we would sort that out shortly, but first there is a more pressing, time-sensitive matter to contend with!

I slid my hand down, over the top of my knickers, they felt damp at the top, by the time my fingers reached my pussy, they were still soaked, and not entirely from pee.

I slowly ran my finger back up the length of my pussy and, as I bushed my clit, a wave of pleasure coursed through my body, I lingered, gently stroking her.

I’ve wet myself. At work.

The waves intensified as I stroked, the thought of what I had done, normally enjoyable enough, had been amplified by the sheer naughtiness of where I had done it.

I laid off my clit, it was too much, I didn’t want this to be over too quickly.

I ran my fingers down my pussy again, pushing my knickers into my wetness, causing me to moan out loud.

I slid a finger in the side of my soaking underwear, slowly pushing it into my wet pussy.

I wet myself in front of my boss.

As I slowly fingered myself, I let my thumb drift back to my clit. The waves of ecstasy returned.

I wet myself in front of my boss and it made him horny.

Oh god, the waves were intense. I was so close.

My boss pissed his trousers. He flooded his pants.

The final wave hit, my pussy contracted, I arched my back as I felt a gush over my finger, my body felt electrified.

I gasped. It seemed to last forever.

As it gradually subsided, I could feel a trickle running towards my bum. I had squirted. I rarely squirt.

I slowly withdrew my hand, my knickers slipping back into place, wetter now.

I was breathing heavily. I can’t believe how horny today had made me.

I glanced at the clock, that had taken six minutes. Only six minutes to reach one the most intense orgasms I had ever had.

As I recovered from my play time, I realised that I had just added another thing to the list of new experiences this week, I had just come, at work, at my desk. Another thing I would never have considered possible three days ago.

I realised something else as well. I was hungry!

As I finished my lunch and was packing away the boss wandered back in, looking a lot more relaxed.

Yeah, he definitely went to take care of himself! I wonder if he realised I was doing the same?

“Good lunch?” I asked, casually, unable to suppress a grin.

“Yeah, it was,” he grinned back. I’m sure that he knew that I knew what he was doing. He didn’t seem embarrassed about it.

Now, it was my regular bathroom break time. Time to see how this chair holds up!

*024*2025-12-11 14:17

The next part of the story!

This follows on from the previous part and covers the rest of Tuesday.

I have plans for at least 2 more parts, after that, we will see how it is going and how people are enjoying it.

Honestly, I am surprised that I have been able to write these so fast, I think I have written more in the last few weeks than I have in the preceeding few years!

As always, feedback, or suggestions, greatly appreciated, good or bad.

###

Jenny the Secretary – The Next Day – Part 2

Tuesday Afternoon

As we both returned to work following our lunch breaks, the only sound in the office was the clacking of keyboards and the sound of dripping water.

The dripping water was my doing, I was busy finishing a report on one of our shipments while simultaneously relieving my bladder into my suit trousers, rewetting them after my earlier soaking.

Jenny paused her work and looked over at me, a smile appearing on her face as she worked out where the sound was coming from.

I saw her looking out of the corner of my eye and pushed harder, increasing my steady flow into a hissing torrent, only for a second though, before slowing back to a steady, inaudible stream.

I saw her smile broaden. I repeated the process a couple more times, relishing the feeling of warmth that enveloped my bum and the fact that Jenny seemed to find it amusing.

I wiggled in my chair, causing a bit of a deluge to escape my overflowing seat.

I had tucked my legs under my chair, ensuring that they, and my feet, got thoroughly soaked too.

As I pushed the last of my bladder into my now-soaked pants Jenny finally spoke.

“Your desk sucks,” she said, pouting slightly.

I looked at her, confused. “What do you mean?”

“Well, that sounded great, but I bet it looked better and all I can see is a piece of wood,” she gestured at my desk, the front covered with a panel.

“Yeah, not a lot I can do about that, sorry,” I shrugged, dismissively.

Jenny pouted again but didn’t press the matter further.

She had a point I thought. I guess she deserved to see what was going on if she wanted.

What a strange thing to be contemplating, my secretary hates my desk because it blocks her view of me, her boss, pissing his pants at his desk. This new office dynamic is going to take some getting used to.

I made a mental note to remove the panel later; it was only four screws after all.

We both continued working until around 2:30pm, an hour after lunch finished, when the printer sprang to life. We print hard copies of all our customs paperwork and reports, just in case we need them.

I had noted at the end of lunch that Jenny had not made her usual bathroom trip after she finished, I wondered if that meant what I hoped it meant!

As Jenny pushed her chair back and stood, heading toward the printer, against the wall to the right of her desk, I was rewarded with my answer. Her bum was soaked, the charcoal grey of her skirt almost black and glistening.

I noticed a few small drips escaping from the hem of her skirt as she stood at the printer. She had either been sitting in a puddle or had only very recently finished her pee, or both.

I was sad to note that there was no evidence of her activities on the floor, had she remained seated, I would not even have known she had gone again.

Was this the first downside to her new chair? Was it too absorbent? That would be sad.

She took the documents from the printer and turned toward the filing cabinets next to it, directly to the left of my desk, glancing at me as she did so.

“Is it appropriate to stare at employees’ bums?” she asked casually, as she walked the few steps to the cabinets, her heels clicking on the tiles. The grin on her face told me that she was not really offended.

Still, busted!

“About as appropriate as it is too wet yourself at work,” I countered, with my own grin.

She laughed as she turned towards the drawers, “Touché,” she replied.

Jenny bent over, opening the middle of three drawers, giving me a great view of her soaking wet behind as she did so, the outline of her knickers, bikini cut by the look of it, showing through the tight material of her skirt, and depositing the paperwork in the file.

I tried to distract myself. “So, chair holding up well?” I asked.

She closed the drawer and stood up, turning to face me. From the front, you would have no idea at this point that she had wet herself twice earlier or that she was currently soaked.

“So far, so good,” she confirmed, “Not given it a proper test yet though,” she added with a smirk.

I raised my eyebrows slightly, moving my head, as if to see behind her.

“Really?” I commented, “The evidence suggests otherwise.”

She swivelled round, revealing the dark patch again, “This?”, she remarked, nonchalantly, “Just a few little leaks.”

She turned and headed back to her desk, dropping heavily into her seat as she reached her desk. It made a squelch as she did so. She gasped. “Oh, that’s cold,” she exclaimed with a giggle. Wriggling her bum a couple of times.

“Why the interest in my chair, anyway?” She enquired.

“It’s made me jealous, I might have to order one for me,” I truthfully responded, “Do you recommend it?”

“Well, I like it so far, but we’ll have to wait and see once I test it more… thoroughly,” she replied, with another wiggle of her bum and a smile on her face.

I nodded, “Fair enough.”

“It might speed up the process if you stick the kettle on,” she stated, looking innocent.

“Fair enough,” I agreed with a smile, realising I had been tricked into making the next round.

As I stood up, I felt the wetness on my bum still, the front had almost dried in the preceding hour, now more damp than wet, but my rear was still soaking, my chair was still drenched, holding a puddle in the old, worn padding and seat, one of the reasons I loved it. Still, I was hoping that the new one would be equally good, if Jenny’s shapely rear was anything to go by.

As I finished the teas and turned to deliver Jenny’s, I saw her avert her gaze, looks like I was not the only one doing some inappropriate staring, although I struggled to understand why she liked my bum, it certainly was not as appealing to the eyes as hers!

The afternoon continued the same as every day. If an outside observer saw us, it would be no different to any other day in the office.

Jenny had made another round of teas, her bum still wet, but not glistening this time, I hoped she was saving up for the promised test.

Around 4pm, I was feeling the pressure again, I guessed Jenny must be too, she always went more than I did.

By 4:30 I was wondering if she was going to leave me hanging. My bladder was definitely telling me it wanted attention, I guessed Jenny must be bursting, unless she had been being sneaky, like after lunch.

Jenny finished at 5pm, I assumed she would want to do anything well before that, so she didn’t have to leave totally soaked.

At 4:45pm, she stopped typing. “Phew, those teas have gone right through me,” she declared, leaning back in her chair and rubbing a hand over her bladder.

She repositioned herself in the chair, scooting her bum back slightly and returning to a leaning position on the back of the chair. She placed her arms on the armrests and her feet slightly apart in front of herself.

She looked totally relaxed in the comforting embrace of the executive chair, a professional businesswoman, chilling after a long day at the office.

As she closed her eyes and leaned her head back into the headrest around the top of the seat, I heard it. Almost immediately a loud hiss, no build up, just right into a full-force release.

Jenny let out a low moan as it continued. She must have been bursting.

The hiss went on for a good five or six seconds before I finally saw the first visual evidence of what was happening. The chair made a valiant effort to contain the flood, but I don’t think there was a chair alive that would have lasted much longer.

Jenny was still going, full power, a wide smile on her face as the first streams started splashing onto the tiled floor below.

The first streams quickly became a waterfall, far more so than her accident yesterday. She moved her legs back slightly, immediately soaking the back of her tights and her shoes. She arched her back slightly as she did so, clearly lost in the moment.

I was enthralled; there seemed to be no end to her release. There was a river of pee flowing across the floor and still it was hissing into her knickers and tights.

It seemed like an eternity, in reality maybe 20 seconds, until the hiss started to die down. An achievement in itself, to keep it going for that long, at that power, she must have been right on the edge.

As it began to come to an end, the sheet of pee that had been falling from her chair gradually slowed until she moved her legs from under the chair, squeezing her thighs together, causing a fresh deluge to continue it for a couple of seconds more.

As she did so, her head rocked forward slightly, she was biting her lower lip and a fresh moan escaped as she squeezed her thighs two more times, each forcing more pee from her abused chair.

Finally, her head rocked forward toward to her chest, her body slumped forward from the back of the chair, causing a final escape of pee from the lake she must have been sitting it.

She was breathing heavily.

It took her a good ten seconds to recover, which was good for me, as I needed it too. I had never, in my 42 years, seen anything like that.

As Jenny finally recovered, her breathing slowed and she straightened her back, raising her head, looking over at me, she had the biggest smile I had ever seen on her face.

“Oops,” she said casually, looking down at the mess she had created, like she had spilled some tea or something.

I burst out laughing, “Oops?” I commented, “I’m not sure oops covers that.”

“Well, you did say you wanted a recommendation on the chair, and I told you I can’t give that unless it has been thoroughly tested,” she reminded me.

I nodded slightly, “I don’t think anyone can argue that was not a thorough test. So, what’s the verdict?”

“After careful consideration, and thorough testing,” she giggled, “I would highly recommend this chair. It is very comfortable, easy to use and,” she added, with a wiggle of her bum, “Quite absorbent but also leaves a nice pool. I think you would enjoy this chair.”

“High praise indeed, thank you for such a dedicated approach to the review. I will get one ordered immediately,” I laughed.

“I’ll even build it for you if you want, boss,” she joked.

I checked the clock, it was 5pm, the end of Jenny’s day.

“Looks like home time,” I pointed out, “I think you might need another bag.”

Jenny smiled as she stood up to survey her condition. As she did so, several small trickles exited the bottom of her hem on her soaking skirt.

Amazingly, the front of her skirt had remained dry during the flood, but you could just make out the wetness creeping around the sides. The front of her tights were mostly dry too, until you reached the calves, where the deluge had flowed all around, completely engulfing them and her shoes, which were definitely full of pee.

Still, from the front, at a glance, you would struggle to immediately realise her condition if you didn’t look at her feet.

As she turned round to check the chair though, it was very obvious. The entire back of her skirt was, again, almost black and the rear of her tights was soaked from top to bottom.

“What should I do with this?” she asked, gesturing to the drowned chair.

“You can leave it there, stick it in the sauna room, or strip it off and stick it in the washing machine,” I listed the options, “Although it might not dry if you leave it there, given how wet it is,” I added with a chuckle.

“It might smell if I don’t wash it,” she replied.

“It might,” I confirmed, “But I’m not sure if that’s a problem really, unless it bothers you.”

“Are you sure?” she replied.

“Jenny, I get the feeling that this office is going to smell a fair bit in the future, don’t you?” I offered in response.

“I guess,” she nodded, accepting my evaluation, “I’ll stick in the sauna room.”

As she walked the chair toward the door, the noise of the wheels on the tiles drowned out the sound of her shoes, which I imagined were still quite full.

She returned a minute or so later, and my suspicions were confirmed as she made her way back to her desk, her shoes clicking onto the tiles followed by an audible squelch as her foot landed.

She stopped in the middle of the room and leaned onto her desk, lifting her right leg and removing the heel.

As she did so, slightly tipping it, a long trickle emerged from its prison and splashed onto the floor.

She slipped it back on and repeated the process with the left one.

“Boss,” she began as she slipped the second damp shoe back on, “Would you mind if I stayed a bit tonight?”

“Of course not,” I immediately replied, “Got to finish something?” I added, wishing the answer was no.

I was to be rewarded with my wish.

“I just wondered,” she continued, seeming hesitant again, “Could I have a game in the arcade?”

I was overjoyed with her question. I had been trying to get her to chill out and enjoy the perks of working for me for months and, apparently, all it took was a gross invasion of her privacy, meanness and a fair amount of piss, if only I had known that earlier!

“Yes,” I told her, trying to sound exasperated, which was actually not hard, since I was, “I have been telling you that for six months!”

She looked slightly defeated. “Yeah, I know,” she agreed.

“Well, at least we got there in the end,” I followed up, not wanting to deter her, “You know where it is, all the machines are on free play, knock yourself out.”

“Thanks, boss,” she said with a grin.

“Oh,” I added, “All the machines are waterproof too, just in case.”

“Makes sense,” she nodded, “You coming too?”

I was surprised she had asked, to be honest. I was not going to join her, give her a chance to enjoy herself, and get used to playing with my stuff, without her boss hanging around. Probably perving on her very nice, very wet, bum.

Still, she offered and the surprise was not unpleasant.

“Yeah,” I affirmed, “Just give me ten minutes, got a couple of bits to do.”

Jenny turned and headed out the door, her heels clicking away as she happily went to see what she had been missing out on for so long.

The first thing I had to do was order myself one of those chairs. Jenny’s review had swayed me to a final decision; I had to have one.

I also remembered that I had promised Jenny a raise during the events of yesterday. She hadn’t mentioned it, either because she didn’t remember herself, understandable given the day she had, or she thought it was all part of the act.

Either way, I thought it would be a bit mean to not give her one now, especially after how it had all played out, and today was the last day for changes to take effect before payday on the coming Thursday. It will be a nice surprise for her, I figured.

The final task I had was to remove the front panel of my desk. I still found it strange that Jenny wanted to watch me piss myself but, fairs fair, I decided.

I grabbed a screwdriver from my drawer and headed under the desk. I hated doing DIY but even I could manage four screws, and it was done in under two minutes, I was undeservedly proud of myself! I wonder if Jenny would notice when she came back to grab her stuff.

Everything done, I decided it must be time to join Jenny. It was also time for a pee. My bladder was getting very full.

I contemplated going right there in the office but, given that Jenny appeared to enjoy watching me pee as much as I did her, I thought I’d hold in a few minutes more and headed to the arcade room.

I was very proud of my arcade. I had spared no expense obtaining quite a few machines that I had loved in my distant youth and also some modified ones, to bring some more current games into the mix.

I had the classic two player, full-size, cabinets for Time Crisis 1 and 2, the awesome Sega Rally, which I had modified to play several other racing games on too, including Mario Kart, complete with plastic bucket seats, massively uncomfortable for long gaming sessions but absolutely top-drawer for peeing in, and the Manx TT bike racing game, complete with two plastic bikes.

As well as those, I had several standing cabinets with some classic games such as Mortal Kombat, Street Fighter, Virtua Cop and even Donkey Kong plus a couple of custom jobs, loaded with hundreds of random games.

As I entered, I was pleasantly surprised to find Jenny engaged in a game of Time Crisis, one of my personal favourites.

Seeing Jenny, the woman who, until today, I never thought would say boo to a goose, playing an arcade game about shooting people was surprising in itself. Seeing Jenny playing that game, while wearing a soaking wet skirt and tights, was something I would only have expected in a dream.

She glanced round as I entered.

“Winning?” I asked, just as the screen turned red with a large bullet hole and the Game Over flashed up.

“Apparently not,” she answered with a chuckle.

“Good thing you have infinite credits,” I reminded her.

“Yeah, I know, but I want to try all of them,” she replied excitedly.

I laughed, she seemed like a kid in a candy store, which surprised me, I didn’t have her pegged as a big gamer. I mean, I didn’t really know a lot about Jenny outside of her work.

She went towards the bikes of the Manx TT machine and tried to swing her leg up but was stopped by her skirt.

“Ah stupid skirt,” she grumbled. I wanted to suggest she could take it off but immediately thought better of it, early days, baby steps and all that.

“Yeah, there is a reason you don’t see many bikers in skirts Jenny,” I commented instead, “You will have to invest in some trousers for that one.”

She looked at me, “I own trousers,” she declared.

“Really?” I pressed, “I wouldn’t have guessed that.”

“I was always told they are not really appropriate for women in the office, a good businesswoman will always wear a skirt and tights,” she replied, almost like a programmed response.

“Parents again?” I quipped.

She nodded sadly, “Yeah, they were…” she started, looking for a word.

“Conservative?” I offered.

“Dicks,” she finally settled on with a laugh, “They were dicks.”

I laughed with her; I wanted to say something similar but didn’t want to offend her.

“Fair,” I agreed, “But this is the 21st century, people can wear what they want, for the most part,”

She nodded, already heading towards another machine.

“Street Fighter two,” she exclaimed, “Wow, that’s old-school.”

“Not that old,” I commented, trying to sound offended.

“Sorry boss, but it’s older than me,” she defended her statement, sadly, very truthfully.

“Come on, I’ll show you how we used to play, back in the olden days,” I offered.

“You’re on,” she agreed with a grin.

We set up a game and fought three rounds. Unsurprisingly, I won, after all I did know all the moves!

“Hmm,” she grumbled, “I don’t think that was fair, I’m going to have to practice this one and then I want a rematch.”

“Just name the time,” I accepted her challenge.

“Let’s try the other Time Crisis,” she decided, “I liked shooting things and you can’t just kick my ass at that.”

This was a side of Jenny I had never seen before. I liked it.

We set up the game and got underway. Jenny removed her high heels and kicked them behind her, “Nearly fell over before, wearing them,” she remarked.

Her tights had mostly dried by now but the toes and heels that had been trapped in the damp shoes still showed the evidence of her previous wetting, a darker grey than the rest.

Time Crisis is a light gun game, you get a plastic replica of a gun to shoot things on the screen, but it also requires you to press a pedal on the floor to take cover and reload. Within a couple of minutes, this action reminded me that I was quite desperate for a pee.

By the time we were halfway through the first level, I was struggling. As I pressed on the peddle, I felt a little leak and immediately pulled my foot back, causing my character to step out from cover and get shot in the face, losing a bit of health.

“What are you doing,” Jenny snapped, “I thought you were good at these games!”.

She clearly had a competitive side!

“Sorry,” I told her, “I need a pee.”

“Really!” she exclaimed, “Just go then.”

“No pause button,” I quipped back.

I glanced over to see the scowl I knew she was going to give me.

“You know that’s not what I meant,” she confirmed.

“What did you mean then?” I played dumb.

She gave me another look, with a smile on her face. I was trying to keep a serious face but was not doing very well.

“I mean,” she started, “I want us to win this game and if that means you have to piss your pants to do it, that’s what happens.”

I laughed. I also sighed as I released my bladder, nothing hard, just a steady stream as I carried on playing the game.

“Now who’s the mean boss,” I pointed out, earning me another scowl from Jenny.

Something that I had not considered, was the layout of the room and the position of the drains.

The room was about six metres wide and about twelve meters long, with a single, long drain running the length of it.

The machine we were playing on was against an end wall, to the right of said drain.

Jenny, playing on the left side of the machine, was directly next to the drain on her left.

As I let my stream continue at its leisurely pace, running down my thighs, resoaking my trousers, and refilling my shoes, Jenny stole a look down as it trickled on the floor.

As she did so, she missed an enemy on the screen and took hit in the process.

“What are you doing?” I parroted her earlier anger with a smile.

“Sorry,” she replied, “Got distracted.”

I continued to slowly release my pent-up pee over the next minute of so. Jenny made no further comment, focussed on the game.

We carried on for another ten minutes or so, defeating the first boss and making it to the second level when we both missed a nasty enemy with a big gun who ended our run.

“Ah damn,” she exclaimed as the Game Over screen appeared.

“Bummer,” I agreed, “But there is always next time. Just try not to get distracted as much,” I joked.

“It’s your fault,” she offered in defence.

“You didn’t have to watch,” I retorted.

“It wasn’t that, well, it wasn’t entirely that,” she admitted, “It was more that I was not expecting you to pee on my feet.”

I was suddenly confused until I looked down and realised what had happened. My pee had run toward the drain. The drain directly to the left of Jenny, who was between me and the drain.

For over a minute, while releasing my bladder freely into my suit trousers, I had also been creating a river for Jenny to stand in, with no shoes on.

The bottoms of her nylon covered feet were clearly very wet again.

“Oh god,” I started, “Why didn’t you say anything?”

She just laughed. “I told you; I wanted us to win the game. It’s not like they weren’t already wet anyway and,” she hesitated slightly, “It warmed them up, these floors are cold,” she added in a whisper.

I tired to form words but, before I had a chance, she changed the subject, as she stepped back and manoeuvred her wet feet back into her waiting heels.

“This has been great boss, thanks, I really wish I had listened to you sooner.” She sighed, “I need to go and get food now though.”

I glanced at the clock, it 6:15pm.

I decide to ignore the previous whispered statement.

“Better late than never, as they say,” I replied, “Goodnight Jenny, see you in the morning.”

“Night boss,” she returned as she made her way back to the office.

As the door closed behind her, I moved to the sofa and flopped down, still enjoying the cooling pee on my suit trousers, and reflected on the rollercoaster of a day this had been.

It had started with a sleepless night, twelve hours of worry about if I had lost Jenny, if I was going to get slaughtered at a tribunal for my ill-conceived actions.

It had progressed to a confession that I never thought I would be making at work, or anywhere else for that matter, and hearing that Jenny shared the same secret.

I had seen Jenny go to the toilet in her knickers four times. I had also used my trousers as a toilet three times, in front of her.

We had also apparently agreed that we can freely indulge in our fetish at work.

It had ended with Jenny finally enjoying at least one of the amenities on offer, after six months of trying to convince her. Finding out that she did have a less professional side and even a bit of a competitive streak!

Oh, and of course, me accidently peeing on her feet and not getting punched in the face for it! That was unexpected, in all aspects.

Jesus, if I told anyone about this day, they would think I was dreaming! In fact, I was still not convinced I wasn’t!

Tomorrow will tell, I guess!

