Jenny the Secretary - The Work Comes First

Author: cw987uk

*017*2025-12-05 13:03

This is the first of 2 brief interlude stories, covering the aftermath of the Next Day story.

This is one from Chris's perspective, it contains sexual content, if you don't like that, feel free to skip it, it won't really impact any future chapters.

###

Jenny the Secretary – The Next Day – Interlude Part 1 - Chris

CHRIS

The next hour was pretty surreal.

I was sitting in the office, like I did every day. Jenny was sitting across from me, busily getting on with the latest job, like she did every day.

The difference then? We were both wet. With pee.

We had both fully pissed ourselves, in the office, in front of each other.

We had both admitted to having a love of wetting ourselves and watching others do the same.

This did not happen every day.

I was also trying to get my head around our new office dynamic. We could do anything we wanted, as long as it didn’t make the other person uncomfortable.

Now, Jenny could do anything she wanted, she was never going to make me uncomfortable.

I was a lot more concerned about making her uncomfortable. I had to be cool, let her lead.

She had already made it clear that my boner, clearly displayed when we had both pissed ourselves, only a few feet apart, was not an issue for her. This was a relief because, if she was going to be wetting herself regularly, I was going to have a boner regularly too!

Right now though, my boner was pretty distracting. It had been for the last hour. Between pissing myself and watching Jenny wet herself for the second time that morning, I was pretty much ready to explode.

I had hoped to keep it under control until after work, but I realised that was not going to happen, my poor cock needed release.

I decided pretty quickly that, despite our new dynamic, having a crafty wank in the office was probably pushing it, especially on day one!

I waited patiently for Jenny to announce that it was lunch time, always 1pm.

Like clockwork, she followed her routine, and I seized my chance.

“I just need to go sort something out,” I told her, “Be about half hour, you good?”. Half an hour was probably a tad optimistic, the way I was feeling I would be done and back in a few minutes!

“Sure thing boss,” she confirmed.

As I headed for the door, she looked up from her desk briefly, “Have fun,” she said, with a grin.

Did she know? No, she couldn’t, could she? I panicked slightly. Do I abandon the mission?

No, why would I, she can’t know and, besides, I was not going to be doing it near her.

I headed across the annex to the cinema room. I have a nice setup in there, a luscious sofa and some comfy chairs with a projector for big screen entertainment.

I unbuckled my belt. My trousers were almost dry by now, slightly damp at best. I considered keeping them up for a rewetting but decided to save that for the office after lunch.

I slipped the trousers down to my ankles, just leaving my damp boxers in place and sat on the sofa. As with everything in my annex, it was waterproofed.

I stroked my cock lightly through the damp material. It was not wet enough, I decided.

While I was planning to have a proper wetting back in the office, I released a little now, just a short spurt, to re-soak the boxers. It flowed over my right thigh slightly and down the inside to my balls, feeling it run under my ass too.

I slowly stoked my cock through the now-wet material. I let my thoughts drift over the last couple of days.

Jenny liked wetting herself.

Jenny had wet herself twice today, deliberately.

It felt good. Very good. Too good.

I had to let go of my cock for a moment, let the feeling die down, I didn’t want it to be over this fast.

I started slowly stroking it again.

Jenny has been wearing wet knickers for the last three hours.

Sitting at her desk, wearing wet knickers.

It was building quickly again. I had to carry on this time; it was too much.

She had chosen to wee in her knickers because she likes it.

She is wearing wet knickers because she likes it.

That was it. I exploded at that final thought, spurting my hot cum into my already soaked boxers.

I collapsed into the sofa.

That took all of four minutes from sitting down to exploding. Christ, I can’t believe how horny she had made me!

I spent the next five recovering. It might not have been long, but it was probably one of the most powerful orgasms I had had in the last decade!

I pulled my trousers up, buckled the belt and headed next door for a quick game in the arcade, I didn’t want to head back to the office yet. Given Jenny had clearly thought, correctly, that I was going for a crafty wank, getting back so soon might not paint me in the best light!

About 1:25pm I returned to the office feeling much more relaxed, Jenny was just packing up her lunch stuff.

“Good lunch?” she enquired with a grin.

“Yeah, it was,” I replied, returning the grin. She knew. She didn’t seem to be bothered by it though. I’ll take that as a win!

*018*2025-12-05 13:09

This is the second of 2 brief interlude stories, covering the aftermath of the Next Day story.

This is one from Jenny's perspective, it contains sexual content, if you don't like that, feel free to skip it, it won't really impact any future chapters.

Also, this is the first time I have ever tried to write from a female persepective. I am not female, so I have no idea if this will be any good. I apologise in advance if this is terrible. Please do tell me though!

###

Jenny the Secretary – The Next Day – Interlude Part 2 - Jenny

JENNY’S PERSPECTIVE

Well, this week has not gone how I thought it would go, I mused.

If you had told me three days ago that, on Monday, I would end the day sitting in a puddle of my own piss I would have thought you were a bit mad.

If you had told me that, by Tuesday lunchtime, I would have pissed myself four times while at work, three of them deliberately, and seen my middle-aged boss piss his suit trousers, also deliberately, while standing in front of me, I would have tried to get you committed.

Yet here we are.

It is 12:45 on Tuesday and I am sitting at my desk in wet knickers, typing away on a report like it is perfectly normal.

I am also still trying to get my head around the conversations I’ve had with my boss today.

After he made me wet myself yesterday, while being an absolute bastard, and I realised that he had read my personal stories, my own stupid fault really, I started to wonder why he had done what he did.

The only conclusion I could come to was that he wanted to see me wet myself and the only conclusion I could draw for him wanting to see that is that he liked seeing women wet themselves.

I liked to wet myself. Until now though, nobody who knew me in real life actually knew that.

Now my boss knew that. I told him. I can’t believe I actually told him, even after he admitted that he liked it too. It felt liberating though, having someone know.

Better yet, we have apparently agreed that we can wet ourselves at the office with impunity. I hope he realises how often that is going to happen!

Still, from his boner earlier, I don’t think he will mind too much. I am surprised he didn’t want to take care of that; most men I have met would need to do something about it. I half expected him to take advantage of our new, unprofessional dynamic and do it at his desk. I don’t think I would have minded.

It would have given me the chance to take care of myself. I am so horny right now.

I don’t want to scare him though. We are only an hour into our new rules, pretty sure that playing with myself at my desk might be pushing it. I don’t want to risk it yet, let’s get used to it all first, see how it plays out.

I check the clock again, five minutes to lunch.

I’m trying to work out how to deal with this.

“I just need to go sort something out,” my boss suddenly declared, as I reached for the bag containing my lunch, “Be about half hour, you good?”.

“Sure thing boss,” I replied, beyond happy that he has solved my problem for me.

I bet I know what he’s going to do too!

“Have fun,” I grinned at him as he left. He hesitated slightly. Had I made a mistake, should I have just kept quiet?

He carried on. Phew.

As the door clicked shut, my hand was already reaching down the waistband of my skirt and tights.

The tights had dried now, we would sort that out shortly, but first there is a more pressing, time-sensitive matter to contend with!

I slid my hand down, over the top of my knickers, they felt damp at the top, by the time my fingers reached my pussy, they were still soaked, and not entirely from pee.

I slowly ran my finger back up the length of my pussy and, as I bushed my clit, a wave of pleasure coursed through my body, I lingered, gently stroking her.

I’ve wet myself. At work.

The waves intensified as I stroked, the thought of what I had done, normally enjoyable enough, had been amplified by the sheer naughtiness of where I had done it.

I laid off my clit, it was too much, I didn’t want this to be over too quickly.

I ran my fingers down my pussy again, pushing my knickers into my wetness, causing me to moan out loud.

I slid a finger in the side of my soaking underwear, slowly pushing it into my wet pussy.

I wet myself in front of my boss.

As I slowly fingered myself, I let my thumb drift back to my clit. The waves of ecstasy returned.

I wet myself in front of my boss and it made him horny.

Oh god, the waves were intense. I was so close.

My boss pissed his trousers. He flooded his pants.

The final wave hit, my pussy contracted, I arched my back as I felt a gush over my finger, my body felt electrified.

I gasped. It seemed to last forever.

As it gradually subsided, I could feel a trickle running towards my bum. I had squirted. I rarely squirt.

I slowly withdrew my hand, my knickers slipping back into place, wetter now.

I was breathing heavily. I can’t believe how horny today had made me.

I glanced at the clock, that had taken six minutes. Only six minutes to reach one the most intense orgasms I had ever had.

As I recovered from my play time, I realised that I had just added another thing to the list of new experiences this week, I had just come, at work, at my desk. Another thing I would never have considered possible three days ago.

I realised something else as well. I was hungry!

As I finished my lunch and was packing away the boss wandered back in, looking a lot more relaxed.

Yeah, he definitely went to take care of himself! I wonder if he realised I was doing the same?

“Good lunch?” I asked, casually, unable to suppress a grin.

“Yeah, it was,” he grinned back. I’m sure that he knew that I knew what he was doing. He didn’t seem embarrassed about it.

Now, it was my regular bathroom break time. Time to see how this chair holds up!

*024*2025-12-11 14:17

The next part of the story!

This follows on from the previous part and covers the rest of Tuesday.

I have plans for at least 2 more parts, after that, we will see how it is going and how people are enjoying it.

Honestly, I am surprised that I have been able to write these so fast, I think I have written more in the last few weeks than I have in the preceeding few years!

As always, feedback, or suggestions, greatly appreciated, good or bad.

###

Jenny the Secretary – The Next Day – Part 2

Tuesday Afternoon

As we both returned to work following our lunch breaks, the only sound in the office was the clacking of keyboards and the sound of dripping water.

The dripping water was my doing, I was busy finishing a report on one of our shipments while simultaneously relieving my bladder into my suit trousers, rewetting them after my earlier soaking.

Jenny paused her work and looked over at me, a smile appearing on her face as she worked out where the sound was coming from.

I saw her looking out of the corner of my eye and pushed harder, increasing my steady flow into a hissing torrent, only for a second though, before slowing back to a steady, inaudible stream.

I saw her smile broaden. I repeated the process a couple more times, relishing the feeling of warmth that enveloped my bum and the fact that Jenny seemed to find it amusing.

I wiggled in my chair, causing a bit of a deluge to escape my overflowing seat.

I had tucked my legs under my chair, ensuring that they, and my feet, got thoroughly soaked too.

As I pushed the last of my bladder into my now-soaked pants Jenny finally spoke.

“Your desk sucks,” she said, pouting slightly.

I looked at her, confused. “What do you mean?”

“Well, that sounded great, but I bet it looked better and all I can see is a piece of wood,” she gestured at my desk, the front covered with a panel.

“Yeah, not a lot I can do about that, sorry,” I shrugged, dismissively.

Jenny pouted again but didn’t press the matter further.

She had a point I thought. I guess she deserved to see what was going on if she wanted.

What a strange thing to be contemplating, my secretary hates my desk because it blocks her view of me, her boss, pissing his pants at his desk. This new office dynamic is going to take some getting used to.

I made a mental note to remove the panel later; it was only four screws after all.

We both continued working until around 2:30pm, an hour after lunch finished, when the printer sprang to life. We print hard copies of all our customs paperwork and reports, just in case we need them.

I had noted at the end of lunch that Jenny had not made her usual bathroom trip after she finished, I wondered if that meant what I hoped it meant!

As Jenny pushed her chair back and stood, heading toward the printer, against the wall to the right of her desk, I was rewarded with my answer. Her bum was soaked, the charcoal grey of her skirt almost black and glistening.

I noticed a few small drips escaping from the hem of her skirt as she stood at the printer. She had either been sitting in a puddle or had only very recently finished her pee, or both.

I was sad to note that there was no evidence of her activities on the floor, had she remained seated, I would not even have known she had gone again.

Was this the first downside to her new chair? Was it too absorbent? That would be sad.

She took the documents from the printer and turned toward the filing cabinets next to it, directly to the left of my desk, glancing at me as she did so.

“Is it appropriate to stare at employees’ bums?” she asked casually, as she walked the few steps to the cabinets, her heels clicking on the tiles. The grin on her face told me that she was not really offended.

Still, busted!

“About as appropriate as it is too wet yourself at work,” I countered, with my own grin.

She laughed as she turned towards the drawers, “Touché,” she replied.

Jenny bent over, opening the middle of three drawers, giving me a great view of her soaking wet behind as she did so, the outline of her knickers, bikini cut by the look of it, showing through the tight material of her skirt, and depositing the paperwork in the file.

I tried to distract myself. “So, chair holding up well?” I asked.

She closed the drawer and stood up, turning to face me. From the front, you would have no idea at this point that she had wet herself twice earlier or that she was currently soaked.

“So far, so good,” she confirmed, “Not given it a proper test yet though,” she added with a smirk.

I raised my eyebrows slightly, moving my head, as if to see behind her.

“Really?” I commented, “The evidence suggests otherwise.”

She swivelled round, revealing the dark patch again, “This?”, she remarked, nonchalantly, “Just a few little leaks.”

She turned and headed back to her desk, dropping heavily into her seat as she reached her desk. It made a squelch as she did so. She gasped. “Oh, that’s cold,” she exclaimed with a giggle. Wriggling her bum a couple of times.

“Why the interest in my chair, anyway?” She enquired.

“It’s made me jealous, I might have to order one for me,” I truthfully responded, “Do you recommend it?”

“Well, I like it so far, but we’ll have to wait and see once I test it more… thoroughly,” she replied, with another wiggle of her bum and a smile on her face.

I nodded, “Fair enough.”

“It might speed up the process if you stick the kettle on,” she stated, looking innocent.

“Fair enough,” I agreed with a smile, realising I had been tricked into making the next round.

As I stood up, I felt the wetness on my bum still, the front had almost dried in the preceding hour, now more damp than wet, but my rear was still soaking, my chair was still drenched, holding a puddle in the old, worn padding and seat, one of the reasons I loved it. Still, I was hoping that the new one would be equally good, if Jenny’s shapely rear was anything to go by.

As I finished the teas and turned to deliver Jenny’s, I saw her avert her gaze, looks like I was not the only one doing some inappropriate staring, although I struggled to understand why she liked my bum, it certainly was not as appealing to the eyes as hers!

The afternoon continued the same as every day. If an outside observer saw us, it would be no different to any other day in the office.

Jenny had made another round of teas, her bum still wet, but not glistening this time, I hoped she was saving up for the promised test.

Around 4pm, I was feeling the pressure again, I guessed Jenny must be too, she always went more than I did.

By 4:30 I was wondering if she was going to leave me hanging. My bladder was definitely telling me it wanted attention, I guessed Jenny must be bursting, unless she had been being sneaky, like after lunch.

Jenny finished at 5pm, I assumed she would want to do anything well before that, so she didn’t have to leave totally soaked.

At 4:45pm, she stopped typing. “Phew, those teas have gone right through me,” she declared, leaning back in her chair and rubbing a hand over her bladder.

She repositioned herself in the chair, scooting her bum back slightly and returning to a leaning position on the back of the chair. She placed her arms on the armrests and her feet slightly apart in front of herself.

She looked totally relaxed in the comforting embrace of the executive chair, a professional businesswoman, chilling after a long day at the office.

As she closed her eyes and leaned her head back into the headrest around the top of the seat, I heard it. Almost immediately a loud hiss, no build up, just right into a full-force release.

Jenny let out a low moan as it continued. She must have been bursting.

The hiss went on for a good five or six seconds before I finally saw the first visual evidence of what was happening. The chair made a valiant effort to contain the flood, but I don’t think there was a chair alive that would have lasted much longer.

Jenny was still going, full power, a wide smile on her face as the first streams started splashing onto the tiled floor below.

The first streams quickly became a waterfall, far more so than her accident yesterday. She moved her legs back slightly, immediately soaking the back of her tights and her shoes. She arched her back slightly as she did so, clearly lost in the moment.

I was enthralled; there seemed to be no end to her release. There was a river of pee flowing across the floor and still it was hissing into her knickers and tights.

It seemed like an eternity, in reality maybe 20 seconds, until the hiss started to die down. An achievement in itself, to keep it going for that long, at that power, she must have been right on the edge.

As it began to come to an end, the sheet of pee that had been falling from her chair gradually slowed until she moved her legs from under the chair, squeezing her thighs together, causing a fresh deluge to continue it for a couple of seconds more.

As she did so, her head rocked forward slightly, she was biting her lower lip and a fresh moan escaped as she squeezed her thighs two more times, each forcing more pee from her abused chair.

Finally, her head rocked forward toward to her chest, her body slumped forward from the back of the chair, causing a final escape of pee from the lake she must have been sitting it.

She was breathing heavily.

It took her a good ten seconds to recover, which was good for me, as I needed it too. I had never, in my 42 years, seen anything like that.

As Jenny finally recovered, her breathing slowed and she straightened her back, raising her head, looking over at me, she had the biggest smile I had ever seen on her face.

“Oops,” she said casually, looking down at the mess she had created, like she had spilled some tea or something.

I burst out laughing, “Oops?” I commented, “I’m not sure oops covers that.”

“Well, you did say you wanted a recommendation on the chair, and I told you I can’t give that unless it has been thoroughly tested,” she reminded me.

I nodded slightly, “I don’t think anyone can argue that was not a thorough test. So, what’s the verdict?”

“After careful consideration, and thorough testing,” she giggled, “I would highly recommend this chair. It is very comfortable, easy to use and,” she added, with a wiggle of her bum, “Quite absorbent but also leaves a nice pool. I think you would enjoy this chair.”

“High praise indeed, thank you for such a dedicated approach to the review. I will get one ordered immediately,” I laughed.

“I’ll even build it for you if you want, boss,” she joked.

I checked the clock, it was 5pm, the end of Jenny’s day.

“Looks like home time,” I pointed out, “I think you might need another bag.”

Jenny smiled as she stood up to survey her condition. As she did so, several small trickles exited the bottom of her hem on her soaking skirt.

Amazingly, the front of her skirt had remained dry during the flood, but you could just make out the wetness creeping around the sides. The front of her tights were mostly dry too, until you reached the calves, where the deluge had flowed all around, completely engulfing them and her shoes, which were definitely full of pee.

Still, from the front, at a glance, you would struggle to immediately realise her condition if you didn’t look at her feet.

As she turned round to check the chair though, it was very obvious. The entire back of her skirt was, again, almost black and the rear of her tights was soaked from top to bottom.

“What should I do with this?” she asked, gesturing to the drowned chair.

“You can leave it there, stick it in the sauna room, or strip it off and stick it in the washing machine,” I listed the options, “Although it might not dry if you leave it there, given how wet it is,” I added with a chuckle.

“It might smell if I don’t wash it,” she replied.

“It might,” I confirmed, “But I’m not sure if that’s a problem really, unless it bothers you.”

“Are you sure?” she replied.

“Jenny, I get the feeling that this office is going to smell a fair bit in the future, don’t you?” I offered in response.

“I guess,” she nodded, accepting my evaluation, “I’ll stick in the sauna room.”

As she walked the chair toward the door, the noise of the wheels on the tiles drowned out the sound of her shoes, which I imagined were still quite full.

She returned a minute or so later, and my suspicions were confirmed as she made her way back to her desk, her shoes clicking onto the tiles followed by an audible squelch as her foot landed.

She stopped in the middle of the room and leaned onto her desk, lifting her right leg and removing the heel.

As she did so, slightly tipping it, a long trickle emerged from its prison and splashed onto the floor.

She slipped it back on and repeated the process with the left one.

“Boss,” she began as she slipped the second damp shoe back on, “Would you mind if I stayed a bit tonight?”

“Of course not,” I immediately replied, “Got to finish something?” I added, wishing the answer was no.

I was to be rewarded with my wish.

“I just wondered,” she continued, seeming hesitant again, “Could I have a game in the arcade?”

I was overjoyed with her question. I had been trying to get her to chill out and enjoy the perks of working for me for months and, apparently, all it took was a gross invasion of her privacy, meanness and a fair amount of piss, if only I had known that earlier!

“Yes,” I told her, trying to sound exasperated, which was actually not hard, since I was, “I have been telling you that for six months!”

She looked slightly defeated. “Yeah, I know,” she agreed.

“Well, at least we got there in the end,” I followed up, not wanting to deter her, “You know where it is, all the machines are on free play, knock yourself out.”

“Thanks, boss,” she said with a grin.

“Oh,” I added, “All the machines are waterproof too, just in case.”

“Makes sense,” she nodded, “You coming too?”

I was surprised she had asked, to be honest. I was not going to join her, give her a chance to enjoy herself, and get used to playing with my stuff, without her boss hanging around. Probably perving on her very nice, very wet, bum.

Still, she offered and the surprise was not unpleasant.

“Yeah,” I affirmed, “Just give me ten minutes, got a couple of bits to do.”

Jenny turned and headed out the door, her heels clicking away as she happily went to see what she had been missing out on for so long.

The first thing I had to do was order myself one of those chairs. Jenny’s review had swayed me to a final decision; I had to have one.

I also remembered that I had promised Jenny a raise during the events of yesterday. She hadn’t mentioned it, either because she didn’t remember herself, understandable given the day she had, or she thought it was all part of the act.

Either way, I thought it would be a bit mean to not give her one now, especially after how it had all played out, and today was the last day for changes to take effect before payday on the coming Thursday. It will be a nice surprise for her, I figured.

The final task I had was to remove the front panel of my desk. I still found it strange that Jenny wanted to watch me piss myself but, fairs fair, I decided.

I grabbed a screwdriver from my drawer and headed under the desk. I hated doing DIY but even I could manage four screws, and it was done in under two minutes, I was undeservedly proud of myself! I wonder if Jenny would notice when she came back to grab her stuff.

Everything done, I decided it must be time to join Jenny. It was also time for a pee. My bladder was getting very full.

I contemplated going right there in the office but, given that Jenny appeared to enjoy watching me pee as much as I did her, I thought I’d hold in a few minutes more and headed to the arcade room.

I was very proud of my arcade. I had spared no expense obtaining quite a few machines that I had loved in my distant youth and also some modified ones, to bring some more current games into the mix.

I had the classic two player, full-size, cabinets for Time Crisis 1 and 2, the awesome Sega Rally, which I had modified to play several other racing games on too, including Mario Kart, complete with plastic bucket seats, massively uncomfortable for long gaming sessions but absolutely top-drawer for peeing in, and the Manx TT bike racing game, complete with two plastic bikes.

As well as those, I had several standing cabinets with some classic games such as Mortal Kombat, Street Fighter, Virtua Cop and even Donkey Kong plus a couple of custom jobs, loaded with hundreds of random games.

As I entered, I was pleasantly surprised to find Jenny engaged in a game of Time Crisis, one of my personal favourites.

Seeing Jenny, the woman who, until today, I never thought would say boo to a goose, playing an arcade game about shooting people was surprising in itself. Seeing Jenny playing that game, while wearing a soaking wet skirt and tights, was something I would only have expected in a dream.

She glanced round as I entered.

“Winning?” I asked, just as the screen turned red with a large bullet hole and the Game Over flashed up.

“Apparently not,” she answered with a chuckle.

“Good thing you have infinite credits,” I reminded her.

“Yeah, I know, but I want to try all of them,” she replied excitedly.

I laughed, she seemed like a kid in a candy store, which surprised me, I didn’t have her pegged as a big gamer. I mean, I didn’t really know a lot about Jenny outside of her work.

She went towards the bikes of the Manx TT machine and tried to swing her leg up but was stopped by her skirt.

“Ah stupid skirt,” she grumbled. I wanted to suggest she could take it off but immediately thought better of it, early days, baby steps and all that.

“Yeah, there is a reason you don’t see many bikers in skirts Jenny,” I commented instead, “You will have to invest in some trousers for that one.”

She looked at me, “I own trousers,” she declared.

“Really?” I pressed, “I wouldn’t have guessed that.”

“I was always told they are not really appropriate for women in the office, a good businesswoman will always wear a skirt and tights,” she replied, almost like a programmed response.

“Parents again?” I quipped.

She nodded sadly, “Yeah, they were…” she started, looking for a word.

“Conservative?” I offered.

“Dicks,” she finally settled on with a laugh, “They were dicks.”

I laughed with her; I wanted to say something similar but didn’t want to offend her.

“Fair,” I agreed, “But this is the 21st century, people can wear what they want, for the most part,”

She nodded, already heading towards another machine.

“Street Fighter two,” she exclaimed, “Wow, that’s old-school.”

“Not that old,” I commented, trying to sound offended.

“Sorry boss, but it’s older than me,” she defended her statement, sadly, very truthfully.

“Come on, I’ll show you how we used to play, back in the olden days,” I offered.

“You’re on,” she agreed with a grin.

We set up a game and fought three rounds. Unsurprisingly, I won, after all I did know all the moves!

“Hmm,” she grumbled, “I don’t think that was fair, I’m going to have to practice this one and then I want a rematch.”

“Just name the time,” I accepted her challenge.

“Let’s try the other Time Crisis,” she decided, “I liked shooting things and you can’t just kick my ass at that.”

This was a side of Jenny I had never seen before. I liked it.

We set up the game and got underway. Jenny removed her high heels and kicked them behind her, “Nearly fell over before, wearing them,” she remarked.

Her tights had mostly dried by now but the toes and heels that had been trapped in the damp shoes still showed the evidence of her previous wetting, a darker grey than the rest.

Time Crisis is a light gun game, you get a plastic replica of a gun to shoot things on the screen, but it also requires you to press a pedal on the floor to take cover and reload. Within a couple of minutes, this action reminded me that I was quite desperate for a pee.

By the time we were halfway through the first level, I was struggling. As I pressed on the peddle, I felt a little leak and immediately pulled my foot back, causing my character to step out from cover and get shot in the face, losing a bit of health.

“What are you doing,” Jenny snapped, “I thought you were good at these games!”.

She clearly had a competitive side!

“Sorry,” I told her, “I need a pee.”

“Really!” she exclaimed, “Just go then.”

“No pause button,” I quipped back.

I glanced over to see the scowl I knew she was going to give me.

“You know that’s not what I meant,” she confirmed.

“What did you mean then?” I played dumb.

She gave me another look, with a smile on her face. I was trying to keep a serious face but was not doing very well.

“I mean,” she started, “I want us to win this game and if that means you have to piss your pants to do it, that’s what happens.”

I laughed. I also sighed as I released my bladder, nothing hard, just a steady stream as I carried on playing the game.

“Now who’s the mean boss,” I pointed out, earning me another scowl from Jenny.

Something that I had not considered, was the layout of the room and the position of the drains.

The room was about six metres wide and about twelve meters long, with a single, long drain running the length of it.

The machine we were playing on was against an end wall, to the right of said drain.

Jenny, playing on the left side of the machine, was directly next to the drain on her left.

As I let my stream continue at its leisurely pace, running down my thighs, resoaking my trousers, and refilling my shoes, Jenny stole a look down as it trickled on the floor.

As she did so, she missed an enemy on the screen and took hit in the process.

“What are you doing?” I parroted her earlier anger with a smile.

“Sorry,” she replied, “Got distracted.”

I continued to slowly release my pent-up pee over the next minute of so. Jenny made no further comment, focussed on the game.

We carried on for another ten minutes or so, defeating the first boss and making it to the second level when we both missed a nasty enemy with a big gun who ended our run.

“Ah damn,” she exclaimed as the Game Over screen appeared.

“Bummer,” I agreed, “But there is always next time. Just try not to get distracted as much,” I joked.

“It’s your fault,” she offered in defence.

“You didn’t have to watch,” I retorted.

“It wasn’t that, well, it wasn’t entirely that,” she admitted, “It was more that I was not expecting you to pee on my feet.”

I was suddenly confused until I looked down and realised what had happened. My pee had run toward the drain. The drain directly to the left of Jenny, who was between me and the drain.

For over a minute, while releasing my bladder freely into my suit trousers, I had also been creating a river for Jenny to stand in, with no shoes on.

The bottoms of her nylon covered feet were clearly very wet again.

“Oh god,” I started, “Why didn’t you say anything?”

She just laughed. “I told you; I wanted us to win the game. It’s not like they weren’t already wet anyway and,” she hesitated slightly, “It warmed them up, these floors are cold,” she added in a whisper.

I tired to form words but, before I had a chance, she changed the subject, as she stepped back and manoeuvred her wet feet back into her waiting heels.

“This has been great boss, thanks, I really wish I had listened to you sooner.” She sighed, “I need to go and get food now though.”

I glanced at the clock, it 6:15pm.

I decide to ignore the previous whispered statement.

“Better late than never, as they say,” I replied, “Goodnight Jenny, see you in the morning.”

“Night boss,” she returned as she made her way back to the office.

As the door closed behind her, I moved to the sofa and flopped down, still enjoying the cooling pee on my suit trousers, and reflected on the rollercoaster of a day this had been.

It had started with a sleepless night, twelve hours of worry about if I had lost Jenny, if I was going to get slaughtered at a tribunal for my ill-conceived actions.

It had progressed to a confession that I never thought I would be making at work, or anywhere else for that matter, and hearing that Jenny shared the same secret.

I had seen Jenny go to the toilet in her knickers four times. I had also used my trousers as a toilet three times, in front of her.

We had also apparently agreed that we can freely indulge in our fetish at work.

It had ended with Jenny finally enjoying at least one of the amenities on offer, after six months of trying to convince her. Finding out that she did have a less professional side and even a bit of a competitive streak!

Oh, and of course, me accidently peeing on her feet and not getting punched in the face for it! That was unexpected, in all aspects.

Jesus, if I told anyone about this day, they would think I was dreaming! In fact, I was still not convinced I wasn’t!

Tomorrow will tell, I guess!

