The Last Year Before They Grew Up

Author: Caraxes

*007*2022-09-11 15:08

This chapter follows a few new characters within the friend group and contains a bit of messing content.

Chapter 2: Frosh Week

“Alright everyone, listen up!” yelled Veronica, her blonde hair tied back in a long ponytail, her black eye slightly obscuring her otherwise gorgeous face and long shapely legs concealed beneath the large purple overalls worn by all frosh leaders in the Faculty of Business. “I know you’re all excited to be here and want to get on the busses, but I recommend that you all take a moment to go to the bathroom and drink some water now before we leave. There are no facilities where we are going and anyone who needs to go will have to go in the woods.”

Standing in the line of Frosh leaders next to the school buses, Jules Shahir couldn’t help but admire her housemate’s commanding beauty. She had a way of controlling a crowd that Jules could only dream of. At 5 ft 6, Jules was half French and half Armenian, leaving her with a caramel skin tone and brown hair, which she had tied back in a ponytail. Like Veronica, she too was wearing purple overalls and a tie dye t-shirt. She definitely did not feel as hot in that outfit as Ronnie looked, despite the fact that boys considered Jules to be gorgeous as well.

Leaning over from her right, Jules’ other housemate, Sarah Dalton, whispered in her ear, “Remember when you almost wet yourself at this thing in first year?”

Jules rolled her eyes. It was actually how she had met Sarah in their first year of university. On the second night of Frosh week every year, the Frosh leaders took all the new business students to a lake in the woods for Faculty Initiation. The night consisted of making the students do a scavenger hunt that culminated in stripping into underwear and swimming across the cold lake in the dark. Although the school definitely would not approve, the initiation was a well kept secret that all Frosh were proud to complete. Unfortunately for Jules, she had not heeded the bathroom warning in her first year and she had had to hold her pee all night through the scavenger hunt until Sarah had noticed, taken her aside and taught her how to squat in the woods. Having grown up in the city, Jules had never peed outside before and she planned to never do it again after that night. However, she was eternally grateful to Sarah and the incident led to them becoming fast friends.

“You’re one to talk, Piddle Pants,” Jules retorted, referencing her friends new Frosh Leader name that she had acquired a few nights before after a mishap at the club. Every Frosh Leader had a nickname based off of an embarrassing moment from at some point in their lives. Jules’ nickname was Jaws, from the time she had accidentally bit a guy while giving him head.

Sarah blushed profusely and punched Jules in the arm. Jules felt a bit badly for teasing her friend but Sarah had taken the mishap in stride. She had confided in Jules though that she had just been glad Jackson, her crush, hadn’t seen it and wasn’t a Frosh Leader to hear the nickname.

After a ten minute wait for everyone to use the washroom, all the first years began lining up to board the bus. Jules began looking around for her mentee, a girl named Victoria that Jules had been paired with the day before. Jules was expected to take Victoria under her wing for the evening. When they had met, Jules had found Victoria slightly prissy, like she was still stuck in the mindset of a popular girl from high school.

Eventually Jules spotted the blonde, average height Victoria making her way through the crowd towards her. The eighteen year old was wearing purple leggings that accentuated her ass, as well as a revealing white top that showed a lot of cleavage. Jules even noticed that she was wearing makeup, unlike most of the other first years.

“Hey Victoria, excited for initiation?!” Jules asked.

She received only an exasperated sigh from her mentee, as they found spots near the back of the bus. Victoria began taking snapchats of herself and ignored Jules attempts at small talk. Instead, Jules leaned over the front of her seat to chat with another Frosh Leader, Reese, and his mentee Josh. Reese was an asshole who was known for being a player, but Jules wanted to try to get Josh and Victoria to be friends, since Josh seemed nervous to be there.

After 30 minutes of driving, Jules was starting to get thirsty. When she announced that she wished she’d brought a water bottle, Victoria spoke up for the first time all ride and offered a bottle of her cranberry juice since she didn’t want it. Jules accepted gratefully and downed the whole bottle.

“Be careful, I put a diuretic in it to held with my fitness journey,” she told Jules after Jules had finished the bottle.

Jules have her an annoyed look and taking a smarmy tone replied “you couldn’t have told me that BEFOREHAND.”

“Sorry,” Victoria replied, with no meaning behind the words and with her never lifting from her phone screen.

Jules was annoyed. No way was she going to pee in the bushes again this year. She felt the beginnings of an urge from her bladder and preemptively crossed her legs. She knew she could hold it until they got back from the trip, if she didn’t drink anything more.

“Do they really not have a bathroom at this stupid initiation?” Victoria asked, breaking Jules out of her thoughts.

“No, they don’t. We leaders told you that. It’s a forest, Victoria. If you have to go, you can go in the woods.” Jules said gently.

“Ew,” the girl said without looking up.

“Do you need to go?” Jules asked, her own need now making itself slightly known. Talking about pee was probably a bad idea, she thought to herself.

“No,” Victoria replied without looking up still.

“Did you go before we left?” Jules asked, out of concern.

“Ew, what are you? My mom! No I didn’t, the bathroom was nasty. But I’m fine.” Victoria snapped. She turned away from from Jules, facing out the window and didn’t speak for the rest of the ride.

30 minutes later, the busses pulled into a gravel parking lot and the students all dismounted. Jules was feeling a noticeable urge to pee now that wasn’t going away and she cursed herself for drinking a diuretic. But she was still determined not to pop a squat.

The leaders divided everyone into teams of 8. Jules and 7 other leaders, one of which was Sarah and another being Reese, took their 8 kids to the first clue. After solving it, the Frosh Leaders were escorting their 8 to the first station when Jules noticed Victoria dawdling behind. Jules dropped back to ask if everything was okay.

“This is stupid,” Victoria replied. “And everyone on my team is a nerd. I bet none of them have even had a drop of alcohol in their lives.”

Jules chuckled and said “You’d be surprised about how the most innocent seeming people can actually party the hardest.”

Victoria rolled her eyes. “What would you know about partying?”

“I’ll invite you to a party with me this year if you do well in this scavenger hunt,” Jules offered and the girl’s eyes lit up.

For the next hour, for the second to fifth stations, Victoria participated to her best abilities. Jules was proud of herself for getting the difficult girl involved. She watched as Victoria helped her team build a bridge over a streak using fallen trees. Unfortunately, the running water was making it really hard for Jules to stand still as her bladder began asking to be released. She began marching in a circle, drawing strange looks from her fellow leaders. She realized that she would likely have to pop a squat in the woods within the next hour. This did not make her happy, and she kept squirming on in silence, as discretely as possible.

“Fuck Victoria and her diuretic!” Jules muttered under her breath.

Just then, Victoria dropped back to the back of the group with Jules as they moved to the sixth station. She seemed antsy and her face was red, whether from the exertion of the activity or the heat Jules was unsure.

“Are you okay?” Jules asked her.

The girl blushed bright red. “Um actually… it’s super embarrassing… but I really need the bathroom.”

Jules smiled at her. “Don’t worry. I need to go too. Want to cover for each other and sneak off to find a spot?”

Victoria looked surprised at the offer but then blushed even brighter. “I… I can’t,” she replied. “I have to go number 2…”

Jules looked at her mentee in shock. She was at a loss of how to help. Finally, she opened her mouth with a suggestion. “Why don’t we sneak off and find a spot. Pooping in the woods isn’t so different from peeing. I have tissues we can use to wipe up.”

“I… I’ve never even peed in the woods,” Victoria replied shyly.

“Don’t worry,” Jules reassured her, “Neither had I until this initiation in my first year. And I haven’t done it since. We can figure it out together.”

As they walked through the woods alone, Victoria finally began to open up to Jules. She began telling her about how she and her boyfriend were trying a long distance relationship and how she was scared about balancing it with making new friends and fitting in. Jules, who had tried a long distance relationship in first year, reassured her that both were possible. Finally, Victoria started to smile and before long the two girls were laughing.

And then it happened. Jules froze as a spurt of pee escaped her moist lips and hit the gusset of her panties, her mouth open in surprise.

“We have to stop here, or I’ll have a full blown accident!” Jules yelped, quickly attempting to unhook her overall straps.

“It’s too open,” exclaimed Victoria. “Someone might see!”

Jules knew Victoria was right but she didn’t care. She shimmied her overalls down to her ankles until she was standing in her white thong. Then she stepped out of the overalls and walked a few paces away to avoid spraying them. She unhooked her underwear, which had a dime sized wet spot on it. And slid them to her knees. Victoria was doing a full on bathroom dance as she kept watch, bobbing up and down and crossing her legs.

“Wow, is that a Brazilian wax?” Victoria asked as she openly checked out Jules’s crotch.

Jules blushed and yanked up her undies. “Don’t look,” she told her mentee, and Victoria rolled her eyes before turning around.

Jules dropped her underwear again, squatted down and tried her best to relax. Immediately, pee started gushing out of her.

“Stop!” Jules shouted suddenly.

Jules stopped being and yanked up her panties as fast as she could. “What?” She called out, annoyed.

“I saw something nice,” said Victoria.

“It’s probably noth-“

“BEAR!” Victoria screamed and grabbed Jules’ arm. She began pulling the girl as fast as she could in the other direction. Jules started to pee in fear, and drops splattered out of her thong, coating the interior of her legs in droplets. After running for a few minutes, and looking back to see nothing behind them, the two girls dove behind a bush and sat down. Jules was now trapped in nothing but her tie dye t shirt and damp thong, her overalls left at the site of the bear encounter.

Victoria was not doing well either, as the smell of farts hit Jules’ nose. Victoria was leaning backwards, with her eyes closed and her hands in the crotch of her purple leggings. She let out a gasp and Jules realized she was shaking slightly.

“Are you okay?” Jules asked her mentee, still panting from the run.

“No…” Victoria said with a whimper. “I’m prairie dogging! It’s… it’s starting to come out!”

Jules hugged Victoria as the girl began to weep softly.

“Just pull down your pants and go here,” Jules told her. “I’ll keep watch.”

Jules’ bladder was pulsing but she knew the damage was done. With her overalls gone and her thong already soaked, she knew she should let Victoria try to save herself first.

Ever so slowly, Victoria began to shift into a standing position. She locked eyes with Jules, then stood perfectly still. She was tensing every muscle in her body and her mouth was hanging open in exhaustion.

“What are you waiting for? Go!” Jules said, scared for her mentee.

Victoria burst into tears. “I am!” she said, completely defeated.

Jules heard a crackling sound emanate from Victoria’s ass as the girl remained completely stationary. Her leggings tented outwards as they filled with warm poop. The first log broke off and continued tenting outwards. As she pooped, rivulets of pee winded down her legs turning the light purple into a much darker one. Finally the girl collapsed into a heap on the ground shaking with sobs.

“How will I ever fit in now?” Victoria wailed as Jules wrapped her in an embrace.

“Don’t worry sweetie, we’ll get you cleaned up,” Jules promised. “We’ll make sure no one knows. If we time it right, we can get back for the underwear swim and no one will be any wiser.”

As Jules held the sobbing girl’s head in her lap, Jules felt her bladder giving out. The pressure from Victoria’s head on her bladder had caused her muscles to give out and the pee streamed out of her, through her saturated white panties, until she was sitting in a puddle in the dirt. Victoria yanked her head back quickly.

“Ew, you got pee in my hair,” she said, sending them both into a fit of laughter at their situation.

Victoria stripped off her leggings and purple panties and dumped the poop out of them. Jules noticed Victoria’s shaved pussy and blushed out of embarrassment for looking. Then she removed her own wet panties as well.

Bottomless, the two girls made their way back to Jules’ overalls, keeping an eye out for a bear. Jules slipped the overalls on without any panties and then gave her now drying thong to Victoria, put them on.

"Ew, it’s still damp", she complained.

"Better than full of shit", Jules retorted.

Victoria then slipped her leggings back on over her mentor’s panties, and gave her a massive hug.

“Thanks for being the best mentor ever, Jaws,” Victoria said gratefully. “You saved me today”

Arm in arm, the two new friends made their way back to the underwear swim.

*008*2022-09-16 21:12

[Accidental Repost - edited]

