Raining in hot Mediterranean

Author: Calb

*000*2019-08-08 10:28

Ferry’s open loading bay looked like a gigantic cigarette pack, dropped onto the dock, Nadia thought in between other, less amusing thoughts.

Panting, the beautiful brown-haired girl was quickly walking up the ramp to the huge ferry garage as her suitcase was bouncing up and down on the surface, clearly designed for cars, not humans.

That was precisely her opinion on the whole port of Naples. Because they clearly did not understand that some people who only want to get from the train station to the port don’t have time to change money to Euros and therefore don’t have 50 cents for the bathroom, or any Euros, for that matter. They also weren’t aware that some of those people could be on the verge of peeing themselves in such a situation.

To say that the pretty Polish girl was on the verge of peeing herself would be an understatement, though. She was already on the verge of urinating on the bus, now her bladder – hard as a stone and stretched like a hot-water bottle, according to her sensations - was threatening to explode in her pants.

Moaning and twitching, but having no time for the bathroom, she aggravated her toilet situation to the extreme now, running into the yawning mouth of the garage, while a cool breeze – finally some air conditioning in this heat! – was playing with her ponytail, caressing her bare shoulders.

What choice did she have now, except jumping in the water? Her train was late, then her bus was late, she barely made it on time for check-in and instead of looking for a toilet around this giant parking lot of a port, she decided to take her chances and go straight to the ferry.

But having entered the garage, she wondered if jumping to the water was such a bad idea. She didn’t want to miss her trip to Sicily, her friends were already waiting on her on board. At the same time her bladder was throbbing ferociously, making her whole body suffer and endure its treacherous surges. She didn’t pee for a very long time and with each hurried step she thought she would pee her jeans, but somehow that wasn’t happening.

Some port workers were turning their heads at the sight of Nadia’s athletic figure, especially her rear, hugged tightly by a pair of blue jeans. Sweat was pouring from her forehead, her gait became jerky because of her bladder, and by the look on her face you could say that she was rushing from Pompeii and Vesuvius had begun to erupt.

But she didn’t mind them staring at her, this was the least of her problems. The pretty 23-year-old had her private Vesuvius to worry about, filled with water, torturing her and threatening her with the most embarrassing situation she could imagine.

4 hours, no less. From morning till noon, her pee reservoir filled and filled. She was clenching her legs on the train, she was twisting herself in knots on the bus, she was bobbing up and down in the line to check-in, now – if not for the adrenaline – she would have fainted from heat and pressure, but was conscious enough to get racked with surging discomfort, almost staining her panties at this point.

Running up to the lift, the lines of her panties clearly visible through her jeans, Nadia knew that if she were to start weeing, not only her underwear would be soaked – her jeans would be absolutely drenched, it would be an eruption alright.

She pushed the button and stood there waiting, losing her mind from her convulsing bladder. Tears started to well in Nadia’s eyes. Her grey tank-top has become sweaty and clung to her skin, as did her panties. She couldn’t possibly know for sure, but she thought she could feel her private parts swell under the terrible strain from her ballooning bladder.

Knowing that she’s almost peeing, Nadia’s head was spinning, looking for a make-shift toilet in the garage, trying to ignore the stares of the passers-by, some of whom found her problems amusing, staring at the girl as if she was a form of on-board entertainment…

Nadia didn’t find anything, except more reasons to feel awkward. Cars. Cargo. People walking around constantly – some of them grinning or chuckling, others looking at her with unexpected concern.

Shaking and almost crying from severe pressure, she managed not to wet herself before the elevator came, and then stepped in, dragging her luggage across her foot inattentively.

“Ouch!”

Feeling her sphincter getting numb, Nadia pushed the 8th floor, but then briskly stuck her hand back to her crotch, moaning softly from a merciless surge, clutching her pee hole as strongly as she could.

Nadia’s face flinched hard, her green eyes pooled with tears and she couldn’t hold it this time, and a 3 second spurt wet her panties, already humid from sweat.

- No, I’m not pissing, no! – she said under her breath, not wanting to admit the strength was leaving her.

She forced her body to endure, but she was definitely losing it now.

Nadia didn’t even notice at first that the elevator closed and started moving. Well, at least she’s not wetting herself in front of all these Italians down there. But she had a decent chance of doing so in front of the tourists up top, maybe even her friends, and that thought – along with another warm spurt – suddenly made her cry.

She was trapped there. She had already started peeing herself, and the pain almost made her black out there and then. Her bladder was too taut, her muscles too weak, her underwear too wet.

Clutching herself vigorously, Nadia bent over and felt tears flowing down her hot cheeks. She gathered all her might to fight off another wave, but all that achieved was cutting off a 4 second stream that has been absorbed in her jeans this time.

- God, no, no God, please, no!

Another stream came out and made Nadia’s fingers wet with glistening yellow water. Her legs shaking, she screamed in anguish and started to sob hysterically. She lost. Her jeans are wet. She couldn’t feel or control her pee-hole, her urethra was pumping urine into her underwear at will. Nadia was never so close to an absolute disaster.

Tears streaming down her cheeks, sweat dripping on her breasts, she was twitching, on the verge of letting her river out in full force. Just as the elevator was opening, the young Polish girl felt her dam burst once again, but this time she lost the ability to stop the trickle, and the stain in her crotch began to grow steadily.

Crying uncontrollably, she bolted out of the elevator, almost knocking over two Italian girls with her suitcase. They started to grumble at her, but then, looking at her butt, gasped and dropped their jaws, seeing a big wet patch on her jeans.

Her screaming bladder kept soaking her jeans: she left a distinct trail of droplets on the floor. Luckily for her, the majority of the passengers seemed to be in the bar or chilling out on their seats, and aside from two Italians, nobody has seen her shame yet.

She was also happy to see that the ladies room was really close to the elevator. Frenzied, she dropped her bag near the door and dashed into the empty bathroom. Her jeans were already warm and soaked down her knees, but she soon learnt that it was nothing yet.

Unzipping her jeans on the way to the cubicle, she finally burst and began flooding her panties with a river of piss. Her yellow water wasn’t trickling anymore, it was splashing everywhere. Shocked, Nadia felt hot urine seep into her sneakers. With a pale yellow torrent hitting her palms, she managed to wobble into the cubicle and suddenly froze.

Seemingly in a trance, she hallucinated it was not happening to her. For a moment she felt a tremendous relief and was just standing in front of the toilet bowl spraying urine down her legs and onto the floor. Her bladder was hurting for a reason; it was an ocean of piss gushing out of her sopping-wet panties. Her jeans were all shiny and drenched, too. A puddle was quickly forming under her feet right in front of the toilet.

All of a sudden Nadia understood it was real, turned around and plopped down on the toilet, not bothering with her panties. The realization of what she had done made her sit there speechless and aghast of what happened. With a long sigh, she released what was left of her bladder contents without struggling.

*005*2019-08-20 09:13

{{On 8/14/2019 at 7:14 AM, wether said:

Do you know any Polish girl named Nadia? It's not a common name in Poland. I think it's a Russian name. Nevertheless, great story.

}}

Yeah, I guess it is, just consulted some list of typical Polish names.

Nonetheless, thank you for your feedback guys, glad you liked it!

