Piss Poor Timing

Author: Caruso33

*000*2019-08-18 19:19

Before I start off with the story, I just want to mention that this is the first time that I've written something like this. Also, I am planning on making this into a multi-part story, just so that I don't overwhelm myself with writing a lot of text in one sitting, so to speak. So please, as a total novice at writing all things omorashi, if any of you have any constructive criticism, I'd really like to hear it. Now with that said, it's time for the show!!

~~Part 1~~

"Come on, Becca, I don't want to be waiting around here forever!", called out Lynn as she walked away from the door that led into the other girl's bedroom, striding into the small kitchen of the equally as small apartment that the two women have decided to share. Lynn's a boisterous and anxious girl who finds it difficult to stay calm when it comes to situations like these, situations where her importance for leaving at a time she prepared for is not met. Glancing at the clock, hanging on the wall to her left, she sees how the long hand has hit eleven and how the short hand is creeping up right behind it. Ugh, damn it, it's already 10:55... She wanted to get out of here ten minutes ago, so they could get to the park as close to 11 as possible, but even with driving, it takes about ten minutes to get there. Not just that, but she's still waiting for Rebecca to get dressed!

"Okay, I'm ready!", shouted the other girl, opening her bedroom door only moments after Lynn walked away. Stepping out, she adjusted the straps to her teal sports bra with yellow stripes running up the sides, the tightness of the fabric accentuating the curves of her sizable bosom. Along with the bra, she was sporting slim, black jogging pants that were baggy enough to hide the curves of her hips and behind, as well as black and white running shoes. "Sorry for taking so long, but I couldn't find a sports bra that fit any better, so I had to just deal with this old one I still have," Rebecca explains as she looks over at Lynn with a apologetic smile and anxiously rubbing her hand against the back of her head.

Uhhh, yeah, I can see that," murmurs Lynn as, directed by the words said by her friend, her chestnut brown eyes gradually lowering to Rebecca's ample breasts and briefly lingering there, silently appreciating how the tight sports bra outlines their size and form. Despite not totally considering herself homosexual or even bisexual, when it comes to Rebecca's figure in clothing like this, it always gets her a little flustered. It doesn't help that she's quite shy when it comes to subjects and other things that some might consider sexual. When she finally feels how the heat of a semi-faint blush has risen to her cheeks, Lynn suddenly swivels her head around to look at the wall clock, only to be a bit alarmed by the time. 11:05... "Oh, for the love of... We should've left ten minutes ago!"

"Oh, come on, Lynn, stop being so strict~ You'll end up getting grey hairs earlier than you should, if you keep being like this," Rebecca teases as she walks past her friend, a hand reaching down to give Lynn's behind a playful swat as she makes her way to the refrigerator. Becca's always been Lynn's opposite in a lot of ways, but she's always found fun in teasing and hanging out with the short, nervous girl, mostly in hopes that maybe one day, a bit of her personality will rub off her, leading her to be a bit more relaxed. "Anyway, it should be absolutely fine if we're a bit late. It's not like it's going to rain or anything," she mentions, motioning to the sunlight that filters through the garden window that hangs above the ceramic sink.

As Rebecca predicted, Lynn lets out a little, shocked gasp when she feels her roommate's hand slap against her athletic shorts clothed rear end, that heat from only a moment ago quickly rising to her cheeks, once again. Gah, she always knows how to get to me! "O-Okay, yes, I understand where you are coming from. I... I am trying, okay?" This is said with her eyes following Becca to the fridge, a determined expression on her face. A expression that briefly wavers when she's tossed a ice cold water bottle, but returns when Rebecca turns back to face the shorter woman. Yes, she is quite determined to change her ways.

"Hehe, hon, I know you are~ And I appreciate how hard you have been trying, but you need to keep it up, okay?" Rebecca tells her as she backs away from the refrigerator with a cold bottle of water in her possession, as well, before closing the door with her foot. Lynn understands completely, but it doesn't mean it's as easy to put that into action. She's always been that one person who always wanted to be punctual, starting back in her first year of middle school, where she began getting involved in after school clubs. Her head bobs in a soft nod, silently agreeing with her friend, knowing she still has a lot of progress ahead of her, that needs to be made. Rebecca smiles contentedly in response, glad that Lynn is still wanting to try. "Okay. Now, come on, let's finally get out of here."

"Y-Yeah, let's just hope that we're leaving in enough time to not hit any traffic." In saying those words, the determined brunette gives a brief glance over her left shoulder to the bathroom that lies behind her, wondering if she take a quick piss before they leave. However, she ultimately decides against it, despite feeling a faint nagging pressure in her bladder. I should be fine. I hardly feel anything down there, so it should be all fine. When she looks back, the taller, raven-haired girl is already in the process of heading out the front door, a sight that makes the shorter girl quickly chase after her. Well, here's hoping for a nice jogging day, Lynn thinks as they head on out, ready to start their day off together.

