Marking Her Territory (Animal Crossing)

Author: Captain L

*000*2018-04-02 12:01

Author's note: Yes, this is hinting at a Digby story, one I already wrote. You can find it here if you prefer male omorashi.

###

The town of Waifus, a small, peaceful village, only accessible by train or boat. It was calm and soothing to look at, but the residents were still unknown. After all, Isabelle had only just moved to this town with her brother Digby, she didn't have the chance to meet the citizens, especially with her new job keeping her busy. As soon as she got off the train, the elderly mayor Tortimer offered her the position of his secretary, while seemingly thinking she was someone else. Still, it made the employment hunt a lot easier, and it was work she was suited for.

Unfortunately, it was very much busy work, in both senses of the term. It was a lot of tedious small projects, things like reading through citizen comments, keeping the flyers on the announcement board current, organizing all the zoning regulations and ordinances, very dull tasks. And very prolonged ones as well, ones that kept her at her post at town hall, oblivious to the passing of time.

However, she was still canine, which meant she had one nagging feeling always ready to bring her to her senses. “Mmgh,” she quietly groaned as she shuffled through the papers on her desk. “Perhaps I had a little too much to drink this morning.” She scraped her paws over the wood-paneled floor, pressing her legs together and rubbing them against each other, the friction of the opposing fur heating her thighs.

There was no doubt in her mind, Isabelle needed to pee, and one quick glance at the clock hanging on the wall behind her told exactly why. “Wow, it's already 2 in the afternoon?” Last time she had seen the time, it was 11 in the morning, which meant she had worked through her usual lunch break, when she would usually take the time to use the restroom. “Well, I suppose now's the time.” She stood up from her chair, stretching her body with arms in the air. Her stomach growled, reminding her of her hunger, but that was a second priority at the moment. She faced a small door on the left side of the room, housing the toilet, eagerly walking over to relieve herself.

About halfway to her destination, the main door into town hall opened, drawing Isabelle's attention and halting her movement. She couldn't just leave one of the town's residents waiting while she did her business, so it would have to wait for now. And she'd need to wait for a while, as the arrival was a slow one. The mayor Tortimer hobbled in, his cane clicking as it hit the floor with each step, incredibly sluggish due to his species and age. Isabelle breathed a sigh of relief, he didn't require her attention, and wouldn't be an obstacle.

At least, that's what she thought. “Oh, Isabelle! Good timing, I have a task for you!”

“What is it, Mayor?” Already, Isabelle's pee break was forgotten, a request from the mayor was much more important.

“See, I got a letter from the safety bureau, claiming that we need a fire hydrant in our town. So I'll need you to scout around and find the best place to have it constructed.”

“A letter? I don't remember seeing a letter like that.”

“Yes, I received it last year. The inspector will be coming next week, and it'll need to be built by then. I may have been expected to act sooner, but this old brain forgets a lot! Heh heh horf,” Tortimer chortled, descending into a cough. “We could be facing a large fine if we don't have that hydrant, so you ought to skedaddle.”

Isabelle looked between the mayor and the toilet door multiple times, her mouth shifting into a teeth-clenching grimace. She really needed to pee, and visiting the bathroom now would eliminate that specific worry. But the mayor had specifically said she needed to make haste, taking her break would be a blatant act of disobedience. And if the little doggy was anything, it was obedient. With that realization, the doubt washed from her mind, and she steeled herself for the task at paw. “You can count on me, Mayor!” She ran out the town hall door, eager to get her job done, and fast.

###

“Uhn,” Isabelle complained, gripping her clipboard in one paw as the other pressed down on the front of her skirt. She was quickly beginning to realize that neglecting that bathroom visit was unwise, and the desire was only growing more and more painful as time passed. And she was still scouring the town, looking for a suitable place for the public works project. The possibility that she might not last long enough was large enough to be worrying now.

Of course, the thought had long occurred to her to go back to town hall for a quick minute, but what would that mean for her? It would mean she wasn't competent enough to do her job without having to run for the toilet with her tail between her legs. She had just started this position, now was not the time to admit defeat.

It wasn't an aversion to using any bathroom, but if she wouldn't use town hall's, what other options did she have? Her and Digby's house wasn't actually in Waifus, hence her habit of curling up in the corner and sleeping under her desk, so that absolutely wasn't an option. And all that isolation left her no time to become friendly with the residents of all the houses she could see around her, she wasn't about to introduce herself dancing at their doorstep.

As Isabelle carefully looked around, something beyond all the houses suddenly caught her eye: the abundance of trees. While she had never done it herself, she had heard the stories of using trees as a spot for an emergency pee, stories that were resurfacing and prodding in the face of her current need. She was ashamed to admit, she gave more thought to the idea of using a tree than anything before. If only she could do it without being seen, no one would have to think any less of her.

Problem was, it all hinged on that condition of being unseen. Waifus was small, with over a dozen homes in close proximity, and all but four were occupied. And, from her current vantage point, none of the houses had their lights on, meaning their owners were out and about. Chances were high she'd get caught doing that gross, immoral, and illegal act. She'd never hear the end of it, and that was the best case scenario. It wasn't worth the risk.

“Hm? Hey, that's a face I haven't seen much of!” Hearing that shout, Isabelle froze, the only motion she could make was moving her paws off her crotch, to not appear desperate to whoever had placed their attention on her. She couldn't even immediately turn her head to face them, needing to wait for a couple more seconds to pass before she could loosen up enough to do so.

She finally got the source of the yell in sight, but even then, she didn't know who she was talking to right away. He was an eagle, a blue hue to his feathers, she knew she had seen him before, but she just couldn't place his identity yet. Being distracted was certainly not helping matters. Thankfully, he spoke before she was put on the spot, closing the distance between them. “I know I was at your welcoming party, but I haven't introduced myself yet! My name's Pierce,” he introduced, full of confident energy.

Just from the way Pierce opened the dialogue, Isabelle already had that awful feeling in the pit of her stomach, overlapping with the existing stress of her bladder; he was the type to ramble about himself. And as the minutes passed, her fears were confirmed over and over, as Pierce began going on about himself in a misguided attempt at introduction. She couldn't even hear what he was saying over her mental cloud, all she could gather was something about exercise, something that wouldn't be interesting at her best. But now, it was agony on top of agony, begging him to please be quiet so she could move on with whatever she was planning to do.

Of course, she wasn't saying anything, she was too polite for that, but she was thinking it, begging for it, quite violently. But what good would it do? Even if she was left alone, that didn't magically gift her a bathroom. At best, it meant she could have her accident in private, an outcome that still meant she would be caught. After all, she'd have to return to town hall, where her shame would absolutely be witnessed. There was no way out.

“Hello? Earth to Isabelle?” Scared for her hygiene's sake, Isabelle forgot that she was talking to someone else. Who had apparently not asked a question of her until now.

“O-oh, I'm sorry.” While it was difficult, she brought herself back to the external world, to hold a conversation the same way she hoped she could hold her urine. “What were you asking about?”

“I was asking, what are you doing outside town hall for the first time? Decided you needed some fresh air?”

“No, I'm actually out on work. The mayor wants a fire hydrant built, so I'm scouting out a proper location for one.” Just as she could somewhat convince herself that she could make it through okay, she had to talk about fire hydrants, and all the unfortunate, water-based implications that naturally came with it.

“Oh, no rest in the mayor's office, eh? Have you talked to Lyle yet?”

“Lyle?” Maybe she had heard the name mentioned in her time in Waifus, but what it signified currently rang no bells. It could also have been that feeling that her bladder was about to explode under her skirt distracting her.

“Yeah, the guy who runs the Happy Home Academy with Tom Nook. They're the guys you need to talk to about land stuff. Lyle gets incredibly particular about the aesthetics of the houses, and he'll get mad if you disturb the delicate balance he's worked to create.”

Suddenly, it hit Isabelle. Or rather, two things did. The first was another pounding from her bladder, incredibly painful and forceful, twice as hard as anything she had felt up to now. And, standing directly in front of Pierce, with his attention squarely on her, she couldn't do anything to hold. Not being able to press down on her crotch or cross her legs to keep a solid grip turned out to be a mistake, as it allowed her pee to overpower her for a brief moment. A small, warm spurt finally escaped her body, dripping in and dampening her underwear, thankfully out of sight. Somehow, she found the will to resist going all-in on holding herself as soon as she felt the wetness, but it was physically impossible to stop her irises in her eyes widening in response. She was grateful for the miracle of that tiny dribble being all that trickled out, even if it came with the knowledge that the rest was sure to follow if she didn't find a toilet or acceptable substitute.

However, the tension was eased by the second realization. Of course she had heard the name Lyle! Happy Home Academy, that's where Digby worked, Lyle was his boss! It wasn't all good, it meant her next trip involved the walk up to Main Street, but she couldn't care about any of those tiny negatives. After all, it gave her perfect justification to visit that strip of stores, ones that were sure to have public restrooms. She just needed to make it up there. “Okay, well, I should be on my way then,” she exclaimed, blatantly trying to leave right now.

Thankfully, Pierce didn't seem to mind. “Alright, I should get going too. I promised Yuka I'd come visit her today. Hope to see more of you in the future!” The bird waved goodbye, running out of sight, presumably towards Yuka's house, where exactly didn't matter in the slightest to Isabelle. The point was, he was gone, and she was alone. The logical next step would be making a beeline up to Main Street, either to finish her duties or, much more likely, use one of the store's bathrooms.

Instead, Isabelle doubled over, dropping her clipboard, paws buried between her legs, forcing her denim skirt into her crotch with painful force. The small wet patch on her panties wasn't enough to transfer into the outer layer, but her body seemed intent on eliminating that tiny comfort. The mere act of physically acknowledging her desperation was enough to cue another spasm from her bladder, trickling into her clothes, barely breaching the outwardly visible garment, creating a dark speck of a tiny stain, invisible to the naked eye unless one was really looking for it.

“O-oh...no! Please no!” Isabelle begged, on the verge of tears from her bladder about to burst, clutching and scraping with all she had. She steeled herself for what seemed like the impending accident, but it never came. She stayed reasonably dry, still able to hide her leaks. “W-wow...phew...” It was hard to believe, but she had avoided wetting herself for now. That was good news, it gave her...maybe a few more minutes before the floodgates erupted in her pants.

Now, there was no chance of her removing her paws. If she did, that would only hasten the golden river, to a more approximate “immediately”. Instead, unable to move her legs more than a few degrees at a time, she had to settle for hobbling very slowly north. Even that simple act couldn't be free of agony, or rather, not so much the movement itself, though the jittering and wobbling certainly wasn't doing her any favors. The problem was the path she was taking, one that required crossing one of Waifus' stone bridges over a flowing river that cut through the town. “Oooohhhhhhhh,” she moaned, tightening her grip to the point she could slightly feel her claws. She took the risk of waddling away faster, taking those extra squirts, just to avoid having to listen to the stream. “Maybe I really should have used a tree...”

It was too late to turn back now, however. She had already crossed the train tracks that separated the town and Main Street, and the strip of stores was in sight. This was actually her first time up here, despite her brother's place of employment, which meant she had no idea where to start. First off, she had a hard time identifying the businesses present, aside from the convenience store closest on the right. One of the stores on the left didn't even look open. “Now, which one has the best chance of having a toilet?” She bounced on her heels, whimpering and whining as she rubbed her thighs together, feeling that horrible well of desperation edging closer to escape.

“Ungh, I can't!” Isabelle knew she only had minutes before her accident, there just wasn't the time to meticulously ask each store's owner if they had a bathroom, that was a one-way trip to standing before them with pee streaking through her leg fur. She had to pick one and just hope for the best, whatever the safest option would be. Or, that would be the correct course of action, but her chance of even properly considering the choices before her was too much to bear. She'd be going with the easiest store to make it to, which was the convenience store right on the corner.

She stumbled over to the mat laid out in front of the door, leaning her body onto the glass sheet to push it open, a tactic that provided her no progress. Instead, the door slid to the side automatically, almost causing her to fall forward without the support. “Wah,” she cried, moving her balance further towards her tail to avoid a spill that would lead to another spill. It only barely succeeded, slowing her down even further as she limped inside.

She could no longer divert her gaze, firmly staring down as she was hunched over, the only marks she had to indicate movement were the legs of tables passing by. She was making physical progress, even if it was extremely slow, but that wouldn't mean much without one of the store's workers to help her. “Ooh, a new customer!” That was the cue, but Isabelle only saw the assumed storeowner as he approached within a foot of her, a small, large-eyed tanuki stopping by her lower paws. “I'm Tommy! If you're looking for my brother, Timmy, he works at night. What do you want to buy?”

“I...I don't need to buy anything,” Isabelle strained, choking back the tears of strife. “I just...I need to use your bathroom!”

Tommy didn't miss a beat, like this was all rehearsed. “I'm sorry ma'am, but our bathroom...”

“I'll buy something if I need to, just let me use it first!”

“My apologies, but the bathroom isn't open to the public. Store policy.”

“Please, can't you make an exception, just this once? I'm begging you!” Isabelle forced her eyes shut in the strain, now that even looking Tommy in the eyes was too much of a distraction.

“We can't. They're the rules our uncle gave us, and told us the most important thing was to follow them. He'd get mad at us if we started breaking them.”

“Please...please...” She couldn't make a case, all she could do was accept the denial, and move onto the next store down the list. Maybe, just maybe, she could make it next door, where they just might be more accommodating. She just couldn't waste even a second.

“Isabelle? What are you doing up here?” Oh no. She recognized that voice, that tone, how could she not? After all, it was only her brother.

That was the only turn of events that could have shaken her from her funk, if only for a brief moment. “Digby?!” She couldn't stand up, open her eyes, do anything to appear the tiniest bit normal. Not that it mattered, this was hardly the first time she had been so openly desperate around him.

As such, he knew just how to react in this situation. “Are you okay, Isabelle,” he called, concerned, rushing to her side. He placed one of his paws on her back and another above her stomach, though not attempting to forcefully straighten her. “Is there anything I can do to help?”

She wasn't embarrassed about her need, at least not to Digby, she would have appreciated his help. It was just too late now. She was at the end of her rope, there was just no hope left to spare. Isabelle needed to pee, and she needed to pee right now. “I...I...I can't...not anymore...” She didn't have anything more to say, but even if she did, it wouldn't have been heard over the sound that followed.

While the room watched Isabelle, waiting for what happened next, everything was silent, save for the warbly, quiet music over the store speakers. That all changed a second later, and it all started with a light hiss. The first outwardly visible change was the front of her skirt, tucked between her thighs, turn a dark shade of blue, as a gold stream began seeping between her paws' toes. While her fur was already a hue that could be considered yellow, it had nothing on the deep, saturated tone of the urine she released, making its path down her legs very obvious and eye-catching. It all pooled on the tile floor beneath her, spreading rapidly and rippling violently, the stale, pungent stench wafting up into their sensitive noses.

“Ooh...ahhhhh...” She knew she was holding it to her limit, that her bladder was filled to its brim, probably well past it, but she wasn't expecting just how good it would feel to finally let go. That cramping in her abdomen losing pressure, that warmth spreading over her crotch, heating her thighs as it relaxed her muscles, letting her large ears flop down to the sides of her head. She would have collapsed in the relief when her knees gave out, if Digby didn't still have his grip on her, keeping her steady.

Right, Digby. Him being witness wasn't the most awful thing, twins did tend to see some pretty awkward stuff happen to the other, but it served as the perfect reminder to bring her down from her high. It was bad enough that she had an accident as a full-grown dog, but doing so in front of both her brother and someone she had never met before was...awful. She was supposed to be a close aide to the mayor, yet here she was, acting like a puppy that hadn't been properly housebroken.

Well, she was acting like one, but the bladder capacity she was displaying spoke otherwise. It was splattering down loud, in a heavy volume, but it just kept coming, on and on. That was the benefit of always being too distracted in her work to use the bathroom in a reasonable time, but that was hardly a positive right now, when it meant she just wouldn't finish. A blush broke out on her muzzle, visible beneath her fur, as it really sunk in just how badly she was demeaning herself.

Just before it could cross the threshold of being unbelievable, approaching a minute, Isabelle's pee stream diminished. It didn't stop, the downpour continued for another fifteen seconds after that, just at a slower pace. And finally, it was over, leaving the room eerily quiet in its wake. With no relief left washing over her, all the secretary could focus on was the gross after-feeling. Her legs were still hot, the room lukewarm enough to not chill the urine quickly, all the wetness matting her fur together. And it still smelled. That was all she could think about, purposefully ignoring Tommy staring at her like the pathetic mess she was.

She couldn't stay in her own world forever, unfortunately, because she wasn't alone. “Hey, you're going to have to clean this up,” Tommy accused.

“I'll take care of it,” Digby quickly assured, guiding a mentally distant Isabelle out of the store. She stayed unresponsive, only hearing the mechanical sound of the automatic door whirring open as the two exited the building, all the while refusing to adjust her gaze from her soaked legs. At least out here, it was just the two of them. “Are you alright, Isabelle?”

Several seconds passed with no sound besides heavy breathing and the light wind, chilling her drenched fur, her legs shivering in the cold. Digby waited patiently for a response, until Isabelle finally replied. “Was it...was it bad?”

“Yeah, pretty bad. I guess it's no surprise that you waited to the last minute to use the bathroom,” Digby chuckled. “Are you going to be okay until you get off work?”

“I'll be fine. I can at least use my vest to hide it.” She slipped her green vest off, tying it around her waist, leaving nothing on her top but a white shirt. She looked uncharacteristically stark. “You didn't have to do that much for me. It's my mess, I'll clean it up.”

Digby waved his paw dismissively. “I'll do it. If I take longer at the store, that's longer I don't have to be at work. Not all of us can have such engaging work as you.”

“Oh, my job's nothing special. Just a little embarrassing to use the bathroom there when I was sent out...” Her voice trailed off as she remembered what she was doing prior to her toilet hunt. “That's right! I was sent to talk to Lyle to ask about where we can place a fire hydrant in the town.”

“I don't know how much help he'll be, but that at least sounds close enough to our department. If you're going to hang around up on Main Street, then, do you mind helping me out with the cleanup? I know I offered, but I'm not really looking forward to it.”

“Of course! I can't keep hoisting this cleanup job on you forever.”

“Well, you were always too upset to do it yourself when you were younger. See, you've grown up plenty.”

“But I'm not going to be satisfied until I'm done with accidents entirely, like someone my age should be!”

“Hey, don't feel bad about it. It can happen to anyone.”

“I suppose. But not everyone has a brother to help them out of a tight situation like this.”

“Of course. You'd do the same for me, I'm sure.” Digby gestured back to the store, allowing his sister to go first, so they could erase the evidence of her shame. Until just before they crossed the threshold where the door would open, when he stopped her with another question. “Actually, I've got something I'm curious about. You said you were looking to install a fire hydrant, right? Let's say it was already there. Would you have used it?”

Isabelle had to think that question over. The idea of a fire hydrant was incredibly tempting to her, for whatever reason. “I don't think so. I'm just not cut out to do my business where anyone could see me. I would have used a tree if that was the case.” She didn't quite feel comfortable sharing how close to that line she was, however.

“Yeah, I'd need to be ready to burst before I tried something in plain view like that.”

“Hope for your own sake that you never reach that point. It's uncomfortable, in all sorts of ways,” Isabelle warned, as if it needed to be said, before laughing it off. Digby smiled, seeing that his sister wasn't really affected by the incident. After all, the two had each other's backs, this wasn't the biggest deal with that net of comfort. Isabelle was an adult, she could move past this. Though, she was starting to figure training herself to be a little more bold wouldn't hurt. Probably better to answer nature's call somewhere a bit inappropriate than go through that ordeal again, if it was unavoidable. What else could a little dog do?

