Stuck in the Elevator

Author: Cupcakes85

*006*2021-03-07 20:08

Here's the grand finale!! I'll have to draft more stories to share like this, but I'm also doing commissions so maybe you'll see some of those soon!

Face impossibly close to my panties, she took hold of my thighs without asking, spreading them wide and holding them tight despite the mess. Her expression lit up with almost feral lust as she took a deep inhale to savor the scent.

"And you looked so incredibly satisfied letting it out..."

"S-Scarlett?!" I gasped out in further disbelief, hands dropping to cover my shame in the heat of the moment. The proximity made my body ignite with arousal like I'd never known, my pussy throbbing in renewed heat beneath the thin cotton and begging to have her close the distance, but I knew it couldn't happen. This was all wrong. Scarlett was a respected woman who ran a multibillion dollar company, and I was the employee who'd just had an accident in her elevator, she simply couldn't stoop down to this level; my level. No matter how badly my body wanted it, she couldn't debase herself like this!

"Shhhh..." She purred just loudly enough to be heard, her careful shush sending electric tingles all the way down my spine from how lovingly it was whispered. Lidded eyes looked up to me with a kind of want I'd never seen before, and in total contrast to her previous disappointment. Now she looked delighted in a way I couldn't describe, as if this was something she'd been hoping for and was finally receiving, but of course that was ridiculous! Strong hands massaged their fingertips into my thighs to erase my ability to be concerned. "Consider this your performance review. I want to see how thoroughly you let loose."

It was an offer more tempting than heaven itself. Even without any kind of experience I knew she was taking this somewhere very, very illicit, and my body was ready to receive her. But my mind was still resistant; it's hold on rules and proprietary wouldn't let me submit so easily to anything like this. I'd fought my desperation to the physical limit, and I would have to put up resistance here, for the sake of us both. After all, she was my boss, this couldn't be allowed even under the best and most proper of circumstances. And these certainly weren't those circumstances... "This isn't- you shouldn't see me like this. This isn't professional-"

"Don't pretend you don't like it."

I gulped at the command that, like all her others, had me submitting without struggle.

"You've been pining for me for ages. And now there's finally a window to do something about it." Scarlett said, somehow bringing a renewed blush to my face despite the current circumstances. How could she have known?! I'd always been so careful to keep it secret, but she'd not only known about it, but had for some time? My world spun again at being rocked so thoroughly. Everything that I thought was solid and real simply... wasn't. I was standing panties exposed before a woman I adored and who looked very much like she adored me back, and I had little will to keep fighting as she clucked her tongue and pouted sympathetically. "All these proper outfits and the rigid compliance to rules... It's great for business, but you can't suppress yourself like that, eventually the plug has to be pulled. And when it is, some amazing things can flow out..."

With my preoccupation I hadn't noticed one hand letting go of my thighs, but my everything was forced to pay attention once more when her thumb was pressed purposefully into my panties, the warm tip smothering my clit beneath the soaked fabric.

"But...! I just-I just peed!"

The lame response was a reflexive defense that she quickly drowned out with uncontrollable sighs as she started rubbing, her touch more intense than anything I'd ever been able to do to myself and helped to be that way by how unimaginably sensitive I was at that moment. Somehow holding it for so long and then releasing in a torrent had made me delicate beyond the telling of it. Resistance melted as I twitched into her without hesitation, gasping and moaning as the fabric somehow spread the touch and made it feel so much more delicious. Every part of my pussy throbbed in encouragement for her to do more.

"I know." She responded to my brief hang-up matter of factly. Using the extra wetness as lubrication, she worked her thumb into me with fast circles, drawing forth a new dampness that wasn't pee. "You gushed it for someone so small, I never would have guessed you could hold that much piss. And letting out so much has left you..."

Crimson lips made contact with the front of my panties to pull my clit into the warm heaven of her mouth, where she quickly started to suck. Stars burst across my vision as ecstasy like I'd never known all but buckled my legs and forced my head back in a moan. The relief I'd felt letting go was nothing compared to the raw pleasure of her tongue on my pussy. Endorphins still lingering from the exertion of the hold and the satisfaction of finally getting to empty myself worked to intensify every delicate swirl she lovingly gave through the fabric, the considerable amount of piss still remaining not deterring her in the slightest, and instead seeming to only spur her on. Hungry growls resonated in my slit before she pulled back far too soon.

"So wonderfully sensitive." Scarlett finished, completing the sentence I'd long since forgotten about. Open mouthed and helpless, I could only stare in shock, far too pleased with what she had given me a taste of to ever resist again. Having her in this way, this debaucherous rush of passion so soon after humiliating myself, was everything I could have wanted. The rules and proprietary I'd forced myself to live under were snapped clean beneath the weight of my own lust. I wanted more, however she was willing to give it, and the wilder the better.

Whining as she licked her lips, I spread my legs further and pushed my hips outward, leaving my heated panties open to whatever she wanted to do. They were growing wetter with every passing moment, despite not a drop of pee remaining in me to be lost. My pussy was growing slick and hot in much the same way it had when I'd been holding, and it was throbbing in time with my rapidly beating heart. Every inch of her beautiful face was upturned in satisfaction, telling me she quite enjoyed the submission. Had I the ability to talk I would have happily cried out that I'd do anything for her to start again, but I settled for whimpering.

"Scarlett, please..."

A chuckle passed her lips and sent a hot breath over my desperate pussy. The resulting cry must have pleased her, because she did as I so needed her to, and returned her mouth to my panties. A long and dexterous tongue dug in deep despite the fabric barrier, finding all of the most sensitive spots between every little crevice and lavishing each in turn with affection. My head rolled back to rest against the wall as I moaned out my approval.

"I love what that drink does to the flavor. It makes it so sweet." She said softly, breaking contact to slip a finger beneath the tight fabric. Gasping hard at her direct touch somewhere so incredibly private, I completely missed her statement, as well as all of its implications. Knowing the flavor implied she'd done this before and had likely had some great plan for me in the long run, but I couldn't have cared less. All that existed was the heat in my body as she pulled my panties aside, bunching up the soiled fabric to expose my desperate and sopping pussy. Cold air made me cry out as it hit the incredible heat of my lips, which likely pulsed visibly with the impossible hammering of my heart. Moaning once again and eager beyond words to see how she would proceed without the underwear in the way, I did everything I could to open myself up to her, spreading my lips with one hand to ease her access.

Like a parched traveler at an oasis, she took in as much of my pussy as she could, engulfing the tender pink lips with her hot, wet mouth and sucking like her life depended on it. My legs lost the strength to support me as electric pleasure ran through me from top to bottom, filling every inch of my needy body with an unending current that set every nerve alight with delight. Thankfully her shoulders were there to support me. Either heedless to the pee I transferred to the expensive fabric, or perhaps loving it, she angled my hips to truly bury herself within my depths. A long tongue went as far inside of me as she could reach, then used the position to pump back and forth in a thrusting rhythm.

I tried to gasp out encouragement but formed only moans in the haze. Being ravished by the most beautiful woman I'd ever known, and being so thoroughly dominated by her at the same time, was making this the most incredible experience of my life. Every single moment that I'd spent touching myself combined couldn't compare to even an instant of what Scarlett was making me feel now. I was alive in ways I didn't know I'd been lacking, and my vision was a sea of far off fireworks as she focused back on my clit.

Possessive hands held my thighs tightly and forced them even further apart, something I happily consented to so long as it brought her closer. She actually slid her fingers over my slick skin with the still ample piss as lubrication, and I could tell both by her grip and the passionate digging of her tongue that she was loving how soaked I was.

"You can't imagine… how hard it was to just sit back and watch…" She gasped while taking a much needed breath, her lips grazing over my pussy and her tongue occasionally lapping at the mess of cum and pee. Every bit of her hunger made what she was saying abundantly clear; she was thrilled by my current state. Somehow seeing me like this, and being close enough to smell and taste and feel the results, had turned her on in ways I never could have predicted. Knowing that merely watching my accident did this to her only made me more helpless in her grasp. "I'd known you needed to pee the moment I saw you, and to have to wait and pretend I didn't…"

Further incensed by her own words, she dove back in and sucked hard on my clit, drawing a cry from my lips just as something much firmer pressed against my slit. The tip of a long, graceful finger circled the entrance to test my resistance, leaving me to once more drop my hands and hold myself open in welcome. Wondrous pressure on all the right spots lit up my already excited walls as she slipped in a single finger, delighting me with a thrusting motion that synced perfectly with her mouth. I swallowed her to the base without resistance.

For a moment she removed her mouth to look up at me, but kept her hand pumping hard inside of me as she did so. I was distracted enough by the intense want in her eyes not to beg for the immediate return of her mouth. "Watching you piss yourself was worth every moment I had to wait. I want to see you do it every single day."

It was the most enticing proposal I'd ever heard. I'd happily get my bladder to bursting once more if it meant more of this, and I'd let it out anywhere she chose if it pleased her. Pissing myself in public didn't even seem like a downside, if anything, the very idea of going forward and trying this again made me twitch around her, making my agreement quite obvious.

Spurred on by my eager consent, she enveloped my clit in her mouth once more, sucking on the erect bud every time she buried her now multiple fingers in my depths. The soft plush of my G Spot was absolutely hammered with every thrust, forcing a string of high pitched cries from my open mouth as pleasure burst through me every time. Hot tension in the deepest part of my stomach marked the build-up to a rapidly approaching orgasm. Already it was obvious that I would experience something well beyond what I'd been able to achieve on my own, and my body was submitting entirely to the incoming pleasure. My legs were useless in supporting me where I stood, leaving me almost sitting on her face to remain standing, something I was certain she didn't mind...

"I'm... I think I'm..."

My words faded with a high moan, and I had to reach back to cling to the handrail to avoid collapsing on Scarlett as I rode her to completion. The perfectly timed thrusts and sucking forced me to the edge far faster than I'd ever known was feasible. In moments I went from approaching the edge to dangling over it as the coil of delight prepared to burst. Hard gasps marked the hammering of my heart as I finally felt the finish coming, and I cracked my eyes open just as I found the strength to keen out a warning.

"Scarlett, I'm going to cum!" I cried, immediately earning a response that consisted entirely of an aggressive jerk of her hand into my G Spot to finish her work.

Initially, the burst was centered in my pussy, but before I could even take a breath my entire body was caught in the middle of what felt like endless waves of ecstasy. Every inch of me clamped down around her in throbs so powerful I could feel them hold her in place, and I rode her with uncontrollable hip spasms to get the most of every single pulse. The sensation was pure bliss in every inch of my hot, sweaty body. Moans I couldn't stop marked each wave, and were helped along by her unending stimulation, which came in careful motions of her tongue and fingers to maximize each moment of the glorious peak.

The afterglow settled over me like a warm blanket as pulses finally faded to gentle tingles. Limbs laying wherever they wished, I gasped for much needed air as I returned to earth trembling and without a touch of energy to spare. With a gentle pull, slick fingers were removed from my pussy, and I could only sigh at the empty but satisfied sensation they left behind.

Strong hands on my shoulders kept me from collapsing, and I opened my eyes to see a familiar smile, though the usually pristine lipstick was smudged and a layer of glistening lube was evident from nose to chin.

"I hope you enjoyed yourself." She said with a chuckle, knowing my answer was undoubtedly a resounding yes. Sinking me to the ground so I could gather myself, she guided me down until I sat with my back to the wall, checking twice that I could hold myself up before she let me go. I'd have happily passed out then and there if she'd have let me. As it was I sat without any regard for my dignity, complete with legs spread wide and laying where they fell, leaving my soaked and askew panties available for her to admire. The click of an artificial camera click made me open my eyes, and I looked up to see Scarlett holding her phone aloft to snap another picture.

"Don't worry, I got all your best angles." She assured, getting comfortable on the floor beside me and tilting the screen so I could see. It was a scandalous shot; my spread legs all but framed the flagrant flash of pink pussy that was visible beneath my yellowed panties, but I was far more focused on how impossibly content I looked, far more so than I ever would have guessed I was capable of being. Humming happily, Scarlett flipped to the next file.

I couldn't stop a gasp as a video began to play; a fully recorded capture of my accident just a little bit before. Despite my current satisfaction I tingled at the sight, particularly at how my expression relaxed in absolute relief and the stream surged to the floor between my legs...

"Beautiful sight, isn't it?" My boss asked as she put the phone away. Replacing it with my hand in hers, she pulled me back up to my feet on wobbling legs now that I wasn't on the edge of unconsciousness. Regaining both my balance and my sense of reality, the full weight of everything that had just transpired started to settle, particularly the part where I'd just been thoroughly orally pleasured by the same person that signed my paycheck. Scarlett didn't seem bothered at all as she went back to the elevators control box. "We can watch it together whenever we want…"

"What… what happens next?" I gasped out in uncertainty, only then having the thought to push my skirt back down after fixing my panties. Both were a lost cause, but it was better to have them on than to keep flashing my pussy to the whole world.

"Well, I'd say your performance review went better than I ever could have anticipated. Why don't we discuss a promotion after you clean yourself up in my office?" Scarlett replied eagerly, pulling out the ID card she'd initially used to activate the elevator and scanning it through an entirely different slot. Without delay we began to rise once more, and my jaw dropped as I finally understood. The elevator had been stopped on purpose, she'd mentioned knowing I'd been desperate… the whole thing seemed painfully obvious now.

"You planned this."

My realization was met with the most devilish smile I'd ever seen.

"From the very start. How else was I going to break you out of your little shell?" She said almost teasingly, referring back to my steadfast view on rules and regulations and propriety. There was a lot of truth in that. How else would have I been shaken enough to lower my guard? It had taken the most excruciating desperation of my life, followed by an accident of massive proportions, to be vulnerable enough for her to make this move.

She smiled another devilish smile, with her smudged lipstick adding to the effect. "That Flouron brand water is the strongest diuretic on the market."

We arrived at the top floor with my mouth still hanging open, and the sunlit personal office with it's polished desk and plush chairs suddenly gave me one very considerable hesitation. "But you're my boss-"

I was pulled out before I could protest further, and once more was held in her grip; firm enough to be kept still but gentle enough that it'd never hurt me. Still damp from everything, I felt small and vulnerable in her arms, but as before that hardly dissuaded me. Looking up into her eyes, I was entranced by the conviction there, and the obvious hunger for more. Anxiety melted like a snowflake in the wake of her unyielding determination.

"And I can be other things too. If you want, I can move your office to the extra little meeting room by my own. We could do so much more than what we did today…"

It was an invitation that broke countless rules, but I was helpless to it regardless. The possibilities of the room around me came to life with the experience I'd had today, and I knew I couldn't live without knowing what they all could be, risks be damned. I gave the only sensible answer there was, and in doing so, set my future on a very different but not at all unwanted path.

"Yes."

Scarlett smiled a little more softly as she tenderly brushed back some of my hair, obviously pleased with my answer.

"First we'll get you cleaned up, I've got some towels and spare clothes in the bathroom. But before we do…"

Her lips were on mine and I melted into it. I tasted myself in the kiss; the sweetness of the sugary drinks I'd peed out and the tang of my cum mixed with her own unique flavor, and I loved it. I remembered her mentioning she wanted me to pee myself every day, and if she could make it half as wonderful as this I'd happily comply for the rest of my life. Wrapping my arms around her, I knew she was everything I needed, and that I would happily be hers as long as she'd have me...
