The Wet Adventures Of Two Vampires

Author: Cobalt Blaze

*000*2018-01-06 20:26

Two vampiric twins on an adventure to reach their parents old cabin in the woods. Their parents died and they are sad but they will make it. Well along the way there will be many wettings and relief for the two. (they do drink blood [this is modern]).

*002*2018-06-25 19:31

Reply to:Elbe: Yep, but as I see it it would be some type of taboo in the vampire community to start peeing while feeding. Cause In my mind they gotta keep the human alive 1) for breeding, more humans more vampires 2) why drain them when you can keep them alive to produce more blood.

////////////////////////////////////

As the sun peeked over the horizon Johnathan sat up and looked through the dirty windows of the abandoned building he and his sister, Kelly, were staying in. He leaned over and poked Kelly “kelly, it’s time to wake up.””Nooo! Five more minutes”

“Kelly, get up now before the sun gets too high up. If you don’t we won’t be able to go outside to pee cause we’ll get burnt. So, get up now!” Johnathan said as he quickly pulled the blanket off of her revealing her wet sex underneath. Johnathan’s face turned as red as a fire truck as he asked “Kelly where are your underwear and pajama bottoms?””OH Shit” she yelled as she tried to cover herself up while blushing. “Language!”

“I don’t give a fuck about my language go get my bag and get my skirt and underwear” she yelled “and get my bra and shirt too!”

“Jesus! You may be older by five fuckin minutes but damn i have a stronger bladder, what is this the third fuckin time in two days that you’ve pissed your pants”

“Yeah i pissed myself that’s better than what happened to you when you tried to drain that cow”

“We agreed we’d never fucking mention that again!”

“You shit yourself”

“S..shut the fuck up!”Johnathan said as he started to unzip his jeans, he turned around and sighed as a powerful stream of pee flowed from his member. Little did he know Kelly had snuck up behind him “BOO!” Kelly yelled “OH” he yelped “shit Kelly you gave me a heart attack” Kelly giggled “ now turn around I gotta go too” Kelly turned around and squatted using Johnathan’s leg for support. She sighed as a weak stream poured from her sex “most of it came out last night” A few minutes later she stood up and pulled her panties up over her plump ass and then pulled up her black denim skirt and bucked her belt.

She grabbed her helmet and goggles and scarf. She put the helmet and the goggles on then wrapped the scarf around her neck and cheeks. Johnathan had done the same, but had black jeans and a black long sleeve shirt. Kelly pulled on her black 3/4 length socks and pulled on her shoes. Johnathan pulled on his boots and grabbed the sleeping bags and tossed Kelly her now dry soiled clothes which she packed into a bag and slung it over her shoulder and walked outside to Johnathan’s bike. A ww2 era motorcycle with a sidecar. Kelly sat in the sidecar and Johnathan drove. After Johnathan claimed on he checked a stub nosed .44 revolver and holstered it in between the motorcycle and the side car. He started the engine, reved it and drove off down the road toward the highway.

A/N this is the first part please comment on it constructive criticism only

PS. If you don’t give constructive criticism and jut be an asshole to me I will sick a legion of vampires on yo ass! XD

