Drinks under the sea

Author: Citrus

*000*2019-12-09 10:31

10 am, Friday morning. A loud alarm is blaring in a lone girls bedroom. She reluctantly reaches out from under the covers to silence the alarm, just so she can have a few more minutes of blissful rest. Before long her mom was hollering for her.

"Holly it's 15 past 10, it's time to wake up!!!"

"I'll be down in a bit!!!"

Today was going to be a very long day. Not only did Holly have Uni classes, but she also had plenty of Turf Wars that needed to be waged. She was looking to finally ascend to the fabled X rank for Splat Zones, her worst game mode.

Leaving no time to waste, Holly quickly got out of her bed and went downstairs to grab some morning grub

"Morning sweety! Sleep well?"

"Slept about as well as I could. I'm just too excited to sleep"

"So i've heard. You'll be playing to get into X rank for Zones today?"

"Yep!"

"I'll be rooting for you sweety! I remember my X rank entry game from back in the day. Just keep your head in the game, communicate with your team, and you'll be fine"

"Thanks mom! I'll be sure to make you proud"

Hollys mom was a very accomplished competitor back in her prime. Taking multiple 1st place finishes with her squad. They were at some points in their career considered unbeatable. Holly hoped to one day live up to her moms legacy with her own squad, the Squids Next Door.

After eating some homemade Schwaffles Holly went on about her usual morning routine. Taking a morning shower, brushing her beak, and getting changed into her outfit for the day. White Striped LS, Black & Pink track shorts, and Blue Moto Boots. After taking a moment to make sure her Hair Clip was properly secured she was ready to go. She put on her backpack and left for Uni.

"See you when I get back!"

"Be careful sweety!"

Upon leaving her house Holly broke out into a sprint to meetup with a special friend of hers. On her way to their meeting place she stopped by the Crust Bucket to grab a drink for the two of them. With both drinks in hand, she walked on over to their usual meeting place, a table in the heart of Inkopolis, and waited. Before long Holly could see her friend Caitlyn off in the distance. She got up from her chair to greet her with a big warm hug

"Hey girl"

"Hi Holly. How's your morning been?"

"It's been fine haha. Here, I grabbed you your favorite"

"Awww. Thank you!"

Caitlyn took the drink and the two began walking to Uni together. Caitlyn was the one friend of Hollys that's been with her from the very beginning, all the way back in the lower depths of C rank. Plenty of members have come and gone from Squids Next Door, but Caitlyn was a true OG. As they walked to Uni Caitlyn brought up the matches for the day

"So looks like at 2pm we'll be playing against Chimera in Splat Zones. If we can take a 3 of 5 set off of em we should have X rank guaranteed when the rank postings get posted on Monday"

"Chimera's tough. I'm sure we can take em"

"Only if all 4 of us bring our A game. Please don't use one of your odd secondaries, go with the regular Heavy Splatling. We could use your Splash Walls for Port Mackeral and Walleye Warehouse"

"Are those seriously the maps we're playing on? Oh my cod this is almost free"

"Don't say that Holly. Chimera is easily the most powerful team in S+. We really need to be prepared for this one if we want X rank"

"Alright, alright haha. Heavy Splatling only"

"Good"

Holly and Caitlyn continued to talk about their game plan for the matches as they waled to Uni. Both the girls finished up their drinks as they walked. After walking for a few miles they were at the Shellendorf Institute. They parted ways so they could both go to their respective class for the day. On the way to her class Holly noticed that her drink went through her at a much faster rate than normal.

"This is a bit annoying, there's no bathrooms close to the classroom"

Despite hating the idea, Holly decided to hold it through the lecture. Besides, this lecture was super important, and her professor hated tardy students. She walked into the classroom and took her seat.

Todays lesson was on the history of civil rights for Octolings, a topic that Holly took great interest in. She admired the immense determination of those early leaders that pushed for equality for Octolings. If it wasn't for their efforts, Octolings may have still been segregated from Inklings.

Throughout the lecture Holly kept getting signals from her body that she needed to find a bathroom once she was out of her class. By the time she had gotten out of her class she was starting to get very needy for a bathroom.

"Good cod that took longer than I though. What time is it?"

1:30pm

"Dammit. I barely have enough time to get to my matches"

Holly packed up her things and booked it to her match at Port Mackeral. She ran to the bus stop, got on the bus, and was dropped off at Port Mackeral with about 5 minutes to spare. When she got off the bus she was eagerly looking for the bathroom.

"I'll just go pee real quick, then curb stomp Chimera and get X rank"

As she was walking over to the bathrooms she noticed the fairly long line of Port Mackeral workers waiting to use the facilities. Port Mackeral closes at 2pm for Turf Wars, so some of the workers were taking the time to stop by the bathroom before going home. Holly was going to be late to her match if she waited through this line.

"Forget this!"

Holly walked away and looked for her team. As she was walking away her body sent her a strong warning. Holly was starting to get very full, but nothing was going to stop her from finally getting X rank. After walking a little bit further she met up with the rest of Squids Next Door. Caitlyn, Derrick, and Jenn

"Geez Holly, you really cut it close this time. We thought we were gonna have to be a team of 3 for this first match"

"As if! I aint about to leave you all on your own like that"

The team walked throught he entrance to the port and went to their designated locker room. The team loaded up, and waited to swim up to the spawn kettle. While standing in line Holly shuffled around a bit to herself to shave off her need for the bathroom. This caught Caitlyns attention.

"Holly, you good?"

"Yeah! I'm just super excited, that's all"

"Are you sure? It almost looks like you need to go to the..."

"I'M FINE!"

Before Caitlyn could say anything else the team got the green light to swim on up to the Spawn Kettle. The team changed into human form and awaited for the match to begin. Hollys legs kept shuffling around and crossing a bit while they waited for the match to start. Before long the horns blared and they were off to their positions.

Since Holly was using the Heavy Splatling she was designated as the team lead for the push. She rushed on over to the first point and quickly painted it to capture it. Derrick followed behind her with his Splattershot, while Jenn took to the left side with her Soda Slosher. Caitlyn swam up top on a cargo box and took aim with her Splatterscope. Before long Chimera also took their Zone, and started to push to take their zone. With a little bit of patience, Holly and Jenn went down the right lane and flanked Chimera at their weakest point. After taking out the team they took the second zone and started counting the clock down from 100. While standing in the enemy zone Hollys body decided to let her know about her previous issue with keeping it all in. It sent out a signal strong enough to halt Hollys movement for a moment so she could compose herself. In that exact moment Holly got taken out by Chimeras E Liter 3k user.

The rest of the battle was grueling for Holly. As the match continued on her body kept telling her she needed to find a bathroom and fast! Despite her body being overtaken by this need Holly pressed on. They won Game 1, then Game 2.

"OOOOOOOOH!"

Holly was nearing her limit. As she had taken her position in Port Mackeral for Game 3 her need was too much to ignore. When she wasn't shooting the enemy team she was holding herself to keep it all in. Holly was blushing a bright pink, and Caitlyn had taken notice of this behavior from her perch

"Holly are you sure you're okay? If you need to pee we can halt the match for that. We do still have a timeout available"

"SHUT UP AND WIN THIS MATCH!"

"Holly, i'm serious. I don't want you to pee yourself out there. Derrick and Jenn are concerned"

"I'M FINE!"

The match continued on. After what seemed like an hour Squids Next Door took the set off Chimera 3-0. By the time the team swam back to the locker room Holly was a stumbling mess.

'BATHROOOOOOOOM!"

Holly bolted for the bathroom. She didn't care about shaking Chimeras hands and saying ggs, she needed to pee NOW. She was frantic, in her rush for the bathroom she failed to notice that the one closest bathroom was occupied by a Port worker. As Holly pulled on the handle her body grew weak from holding it in for so long and let a small spurt out. Hollys hand shot down into her to keep the spurt from becoming a full blown stream.

"PLEASE! NOT NOW! I'M SO CLOSE!"

She was frantic, she could only think about where the next closest bathroom would be. The next closest bathroom was a flight of stairs above her. Holly ran for the stairs with her hands still jammed down in between her. Upon reaching the stairs she realized that this was going to be a very daunting task. She took one step at a time, making sure to keep it all in. About halfway up the stairs her body relaxed again and let another spurt out. Holly had reached her limit, and she wasn't having anymore of this. She needed to pee, and she was going to do anything she needed to do to get to a bathroom. She ran up the last bit of stairs and exited out into the hall. She made a frantic run down the hall to get to the bathroom. While running she let out yet another leak, however this one was big and strong enough to let out a little hiss as it soaked into her panties and shorts.

"I...I'm so close...Please...Just a few more steps"

Holly couldn't move. There she was, right in front of the bathroom, but there was so much pee inside of her that if she moved another inch she was going to lose it.

"Please...Please...Please...I'm not a kid, I can make it"

Holly slowly inched her way towards the door. each little bit of movement made a tiny spurt of pee escape into her clothes. She was right in front of the door.

"YES...I MADE IT..."

As she reached up to open the door her body had enough of this. Despite all of her efforts her body had given up. Her lower half relaxed and Holly knew she had lost this battle.

"NO!"

Despite giving it her all, warm pee forced its way out of her and into her clothes. There was no stopping it anymore. Her pee had been begging to escape for hours, and now it was escaping. Holly fell to her knees while gripping the door handle and preceded to full blown wet herself. Pee was getting all over her Blue Moto Boots, and onto the front of her White Stripped LS.

She didn't care. All Holly cared about was this amazing feeling of relief she was feeling. Her breathing had turned into a quiet moan as she continued to pee. Her nether region was burning from the immediate relief, hours of tiresome holding finally ending. Before long Holly was surrounded by a giant puddle of her fluids. After another minute she was finally empty.

Surrounded by a lake of pee the reality of the situation was starting to settle in. Holly, a now X ranking competitor, had wet herself right in front of the bathroom. The reality of the situation was too much for her. Blushing a bright pink, and soaking wet, she began crying to herself. How could she wet herself like this? Here she was a 19 year old Inkling, and she was peeing herself as if she was a little girl. She sat in her puddle and cried for a few more minutes before deciding to get up and do something about this. Fortunately there was a Janitors closet not too far from the accident.

Holly took out a few towels and plopped them into the puddle to start cleaning up. While she waited for the towels to soak up as much as they could she entered the bathroom to look at the damages in the mirror. She was drenched. Thankfully she couldn't see much of a wet patch on her shorts, but there was still a noticeable wet patch in the black color. The front bottom of her shirt was stained a darker color from holding herself as she peed. Her panties were completely soaked. The feeling of the warm panties against her nether regions burned. Looking at all the damages was humiliating.

"Thank god no one saw this. I'm pretty sure I would've died"

Once she was done taking off her boots to empty them from pee Holly quietly exited the bathroom to finish cleaning up her accident. After making sure everything was cleaned up she discarded the used towels and began her stealth mission to get home without anyone seeing her like this. Thankfully by this time the sun had gone down, so it was dark outside. Holly could avoid walking under bright lights, and no one would see that she had wet herself.

After a long and cold walk home Holly finally made it home. Peeking through the back window she saw all the lights were turned off.

"Good, moms asleep"

Holly took off her Blue Motos and socks, and left the boots outside to air dry. She carefully entered the house, tiptoed up the stairs, and locked her bedroom door behind her. Holly placed a towel down on her computer chair and took a moment to sit down and calm down. This entire day was a lot more mentally tasking than it should've been. After a few minutes Holly took off her clothes, started a load of laundry, and took an extra long shower.

10am came around a lot faster than Holly had expected. In her pj's she went downstairs to grab some breakfast.

"Morning sweety! How was your matches yesterday?"

"We got em mom. a swift 3-0 over em"

"Congratz honey! Be sure to eat up, I made your favorite"

"Thanks mom"

As Holly ate her food her mom took out the trash. Upon coming back in her mom noticed her Blue Motos outside

"Holly, why are your Blue Motos outside? And why do they smell really bad?"

Holly dropped her fork and froze. In the heat of the moment she blurted out the first thing that came to mind

"I stepped in some really foul thing at the Port. I left em out to dry"

"Doesn't look like it helped. I'll clean them up for you, don't worry"

Holly exhaled a sigh of relief, and continued to eat her victory breakfast. She deserved it after all she had been through.

Hope you guys enjoyed my first fanfic! I welcome criticism, so if there's anything I can do better please let me know. Thanks for reading!

*004*2019-12-10 20:22

{{17 hours ago, gottagogoblin said:

Great story!! you definitely know your stuff when it comes to writing about the game especially :+)

}}

I would hope so haha. I've played this game competitively for years

{{On 12/9/2019 at 8:05 AM, Melificentfan said:

I loved that story it was so good

}}

Thank you!

{{On 12/9/2019 at 6:52 AM, Red Simpson said:

I overall loved it very nice build up i could feel the relief that Holly felt so well done on an amazing story

}}

Thank you!

