Stream of Kindness (Suikoden)

Author: Captain L

*008*2019-09-16 20:02

The musty, dusty halls of the dilapidated Budehuc Castle were bustling with the busy footsteps of dozens of residents, both Zexen and Grassland in origin, all with plenty of important tasks to attend to. Ever since the new master of the castle, Thomas, opened up the town to commerce from all over, Budehuc had become the headquarters of a rising rebellion against Harmonia, one that had only become more frantic with the appearance of a new Flame Champion. Clearly, the battle against Harmonia and the mysterious Masked Bishop was ramping up.

But that didn't mean every Star of Destiny was mobilizing. Some had jobs to perform within the castle, such as the wielder of the Blinking Rune, Viki. Her magic was invaluable to an army constantly seeking new recruits, teleporting a party anywhere in the countryside, but when no one had need of her services, she had nothing to do but stand idly by in the castle foyer.

"Ah...aah....ACHOO!" She rubbed her nose with the hanging sleeve on her forearm, surprised to find she remained in the same location as before the sneeze. "Oh, I might finally be getting better at controlling this teleportation!" Considering the number of failures she'd had in...however many years she had been doing this, the thought was assuring. "Maybe I'll finally get to enjoy the victory feast this time..."

The excitement didn't last long, however, and Viki soon found herself nodding off, leaning on her Wow Wow Wand, which was actually a staff, to stay upright. Her eyelids grew heavy and her head fell, her jaw fell to gravity's influence, and a drop of drool flowed over her bottom lip. "Oh, Riou, this feast looks delicious," she mumbled.

However, just before she drifted into slumber, a spike from down below shook her back to the waking world. "Eep!" She stayed perfectly still for a second, hoping it was just a one-time surge, but when it continued at the same ferocity, she slowly pressed her legs together, lifting her toes and balancing on her heels. "That snuck up on me. Ooh, this is kinda bad..." While Anne in the castle tavern had, for whatever reason, refused to serve Viki alcohol, she had still drank her fair share of juice. Juice that had trickled its way down south, ready for release.

"Mmph...I really need to go...maybe I could take a small break." After all, it's not like she was being requested at the moment, the chances that her teleportation magic would be needed while she was out relieving herself were low.

Unfortunately, there was one little niggling concern that caused her to hesitate; she hadn't been at Budehuc Castle for long, having only just been found in the mountains outside Caleria and invited to the castle. She just hadn't been around long enough to find the bathroom, so up until now, she had simply "made good use" of the nearby lake.

It was hardly the most elegant solution to her reoccurring bodily need, but she had sort of gotten used to that kind of inconvenience. Immediately before this, fifteen years ago, Dunan Castle was just so big and hard to navigate, it was crazy to expect her to find the bathroom in that place. And right before that, three years prior, Toran Castle's mere one bathroom for each gender, with 108 Stars of Destiny using them, Viki just had a hard time waiting in line long enough. "Wait...did I get those backwards? Which one had the statue? And which one had Tir?"

Pondering and lightly squirming in open view, Viki was able to watch Viki descend down the stairway at the center of the foyer. Not herself, but a young girl also named Viki, wearing an almost identical white robe, with the same blue and yellow color coordination, the same long black hair, a wand with a similar head to her own, and her own mastery over the Blinking Rune. What an odd coincidence. "Hello, Viki! Have you had a good day in the library?"

The question came just as Little Viki stepped down onto the floor, saving her the pain and embarrassment of falling down the stairs as she jumped in surprise upon hearing her name. Only once she had extended her arms for balance and made absolute sure she wasn't going to fall over did she sigh in relief and look over at her older self. "It was productive, yes. It's helpful to have current records of the events transpiring, as opposed to relying on second-hand reports."

Elder Viki smiled. "Keep up that studious attitude, and you'll be a great magician like me someday!"

Little Viki's face fell. "That's exactly what I'm working to avoid," she mumbled as an aside.

Elder Viki didn't hear that, and continued onwards with her cheerful attitude. "So, you think now's a good time for a break from all that reading? I know, it's really hard to concentrate for that long, I always had the hardest time remembering all those words. Er, at least, I think I did..."

"Yes, now seemed a proper time for a rest," Little Viki interrupted, careful to not let her adult counterpart start rambling in confusion. "There are...other matters I should attend to," she whispered, gently placing both hands on the front of her dress, directly atop her crotch. Her left foot raised to rest on nothing but its toes, twisting her shoe into the stone flooring.

Even while reading, Little Viki remained acutely aware of her bladder condition. As she flipped past each page, she felt every drop of juice filter through her system and complete their journey in a growing pool in her bladder. Yet, no matter how urgent the need became, she remained in her seat. After all, even if she disturbed her work to visit the restroom, it's not like she could find one.

She had been a part of Budehuc's community long enough that she had been left with no choice but to ask the veterans of the castle what to do when nature came calling. A simple set of criteria, eliminating based on age and gender to make the querying less awkward, led Little Viki to solicit the counsel of the commander of the guards, Cecile. Cecile's advice was succinct: "Find some place out of sight."

To put it simply, that was not the answer Viki wanted to receive. Being forced to relieve herself outdoors was already an uncomfortable proposition, but within the walls of a small property like Budehuc, home to over one hundred other people able to stumble across her? Out of the question. Up to now, she had been taking some drastic, unspeakable measures to relieve herself, in a new way every time to reduce the chance of being discovered. Problem was, there were only so many out of the way locations she could choose from, and being just a little panicked at the moment meant she was drawing a blank on where to pick this time. As Little Viki pondered, her wiggling continued.

Unfortunately, she had settled down in a bit of a focal point to fidget around, especially when someone was already looking right at her. Little Viki wasn't super subtle in her desperation, and Elder Viki picked up on it immediately. "Oh, that's what's bothering you. You need to g-"

"Yes, that's it," Little Viki interjected, rushing over, reaching up and covering Elder Viki's mouth. "There's no need to say it out loud, you realize."

Brushing Little Viki's hand off, Elder Viki's eyes widened as a thought occurred. "Oh, then maybe you can help me! I really need to start looking for a bathroom soon, but...well, I haven't found one yet. Do you have any tips or spots?"

It took a second for her to process the question, especially because it was coming from her bigger and ostensibly more mature self, but once she did, a light pink heat broke out on Little Viki's cheeks. "Y-you shouldn't be asking questions like that so nonchalantly."

"But..." Elder Viki extended her index finger and placed it on the edge of her lips, tilting her head in confusion. "How would I know if I don't ask?"

"There are some topics that really should be treated with decency, and anything involving bodily functions fall exactly into that category. You really should know this by now."

"Um, well..." If Elder Viki had a response, it wasn't coming to her. Like most coherent thoughts of hers.

Elder Viki became lost in thought, "lost" being the key word, abandoning Little Viki for a mental world all her own. Being the patient girl she was, Little Viki awaited the next sequence of the conversation, the hope that this discussion would be over soon perking up with every stutter Elder Viki elicited, feeling that optimism crash with each descent back into silent thought, a fall more disheartening with each successive loop. "If I don't end this soon, I'm going to run out of time. Hey, Viki!"

"Y-yes? What is it? Oh, hi there, Viki! When did you get here?"

Little Viki sighed in exasperation, realizing she'd get farther talking to a brick wall. "You don't have any insight to a toilet-related predicament, do you?"

"Oh! No, I'm sorry, I've never found the bathroom." Looking both ways first, Elder Viki bent forwards and whispered into her smaller counterpart's ear. "Actually, to tell the truth, I could really really use one right about now too."

"Well, if you can't help me, then I see little reason to stay." Little Viki pivoted back towards the main door, keeping her hands folded and pressed on the front of her clothes, slowly trotting outside while silently considering her options. "I may need to use the stable area today."

"Oh...um, okay. Bye-bye." Keeping her own legs pressed together, Elder Viki watched the girl exit. Even when she herself turned away, the reflection in her mirror propped up on her section of wall kept her informed. This mirror had no special properties by itself, but it was the conduit to the smaller Blinking Mirror, carried around by any entourage leaving the castle to give them the means to instantly return. Teleportation was certainly a handy tool.

For the second time today, possibly a new record, an excellent idea was birthed in Elder Viki's disorganized head. "Hey, other Viki! Come back here, I think I've got it!"

Little Viki almost kept going, paying her older doppelganger no mind. While it may have been a good idea by Elder Viki's standards, that was a low bar for the airhead to clear, and Little Viki didn't want to entertain it, lest she catch the stupidity. That was, until she felt a tightening in her bladder, growing fuller and fuller by the minute. Under the secrecy of her dress, she crossed her knees and twisted her ankles, a tiny squeal echoing in her closed mouth. Like it or not, she really had to pee, and she was on her way to do it in a place she really didn't want to. If she wanted any hope of reaching a location less potentially mortifying, trusting the bigger Viki was her only ticket. "Very well," Little Viki sighed, struggling to even walk straight as she closed the distance between the two. "What do you have in mind?"

"If there are no bathrooms here, then let's just teleport somewhere there is one!" With a big smile on her face, it was clear that Elder Viki was very proud of her epiphany.

But of course, while it may have been a new theory for Elder Viki, Little Viki had considered it ages ago, practically as soon as she couldn't find a restroom the first time. "Do you have a specific destination in mind? One where we'll find a toilet available for public usage?"

"No...but the world is a big place! I'm sure our chances are good!"

"So, you're leaving it up to luck? I've seen you playing Goppu upstairs a few times, how did fortune favor you then?"

"Um...I lost most of my potch. But I don't see how that's relevant! Come on, what do we have to lose?"

Little Viki could spend an hour detailing exactly all the ways this plan could go awry. They could waste too much time looking and wet themselves. They could teleport behind enemy lines and be caught. They could land somewhere swarming with dangerous monsters or unfriendly natives. If their intention changed to a private outdoor location, they could begin relieving themselves before properly scouting the unfamiliar terrain and subsequently be discovered, or expose their privates to plants with lingering effects. There were a lot of unknown variables at play.

However, there was also an undeniable fact all too evident: Viki had a lot of urine gathering in her bloated little bladder, and while she had no proof, she felt the same was true of her other self. Plus, if she didn't take the risk, she'd be relegated to doing her business somewhere on the public castle grounds, always worried of any potential intruders, and she knew she wouldn't like it. If she wanted to relieve herself in peace, her ditzy double was all she had. She just had to keep reminding herself of that as she grabbed Elder Viki's hand, notably removing it from her crotch and increasing the difficulty of her hold. "Very well. I'll place my faith in you, if only this once."

"Great! Us Vikis need to stick together!" Raising her Wow Wow Wand into the air, Elder Viki began channeling the power of the Blinking Rune on her right hand, and the two began to experience the trademark sensation of their surroundings fading away as they became less solid, time and space bent and their positions in the cosmos shifted.

That is, until the thick layer of dust coating everything in Budehuc Castle was kicked up by the magical force, and several particles floating up into both Vikis' nostrils. Little Viki simply rubbed her nose with her free hand, leaving the fate of her bladder to nothing more than willpower for a brief moment, but the Elder Viki face twitched as her inner orifice tingled. "Ah...ahhh...ACHOO!" Concentration in the spell was lost, a white twister of light spun around the two, and vague images of scenes across the world flashed by, one hundred a second. Thanks to Elder Viki's loss of focus, their crucial path would be determined by sheer luck.

###

They weren't even standing when they reappeared, instead phasing in suspended a foot in the air, when gravity took its hold and brought them both slamming down onto the cobblestone pavement. Directly onto their stomachs, eliciting the same groan of pain from both. More silent, however, was the secondary reaction to such a delicate internal organ becoming squished between unmoving stone and the full weight of the girl it belonged to. Both Vikis clammed up as they felt a tiny squirt of warm pee shoot out. Suddenly, both were eager to jump upright and take the pressure off their bladders. Elder Viki climbed to her feet with one hand resting on her now-noticeable bladder bulge, while Little Viki rested on her shins, keeping both hands sitting a bit lower, with more pressure.

Only once they stood upright did they take the time to absorb their surroundings, a bustling town of stone and metal sitting on the expansive waterfront. As usual when she changed locations, Elder Viki was disoriented. "Er, where are we?"

"Vinay del Zexay, the capital city of the Zexen Confederacy and active trading port." At least Little Viki was on the ball.

"Oh, then that's perfect! See, look at all these people, surely one of them will let us use their toilet!" Scanning the busy surroundings, Elder Viki practically leapt for joy at one particular two-floor building so incredibly close. "Look, look, it's an inn! There has to be a toilet there!" Reaching back and taking the other's hand, she began strolling in the direction of the inn.

Little Viki, however, kept her feet planted and dragged her older self to a halt with friction, though getting pulled a couple inches first. "Hold on! Do you not consider it the slightest bit demeaning to be so outward with your bodily functions? There are plenty of onlookers, after all."

Elder Viki hadn't noticed, but now that it had been brought to her attention, she looked around once more, and discovered that Little Viki was telling the truth. They had crashed straight into Vinay del Zexay's marketplace, thankfully not on top of one of the wooden stalls, but their sudden appearance had turned them into quite the spectacle of the minute. Dozens of random strangers dropped whatever they were doing to stare holes through the Vikis. At the moment, it was unclear how much they had heard.

But Elder Viki wasn't too bothered by those circumstances. "Excuse me, everyone! Um, would any of you please lend us your toilet? Both of us need it really badly, so we would be gra-"

"Hey, watch what you're saying so openly!" Though she stopped the bigger girl from continuing, there was nothing Little Viki could do to take back what was already spoken. And those words were already having an effect on the populace. Those gathered wouldn't stop looking, pointing, giggling, and whispering to one another. A few of the murmurs were slightly louder than the crowd, leaving them audible. "How odd, falling from the sky and asking a question like that."

"Must be some of those backwater Grasslanders. You know the unusual magic they have."

"But why would two sisters show up here just to use the bathroom?" The Vikis were the women of the hour, all because of their bladders.

Little Viki was not a huge fan of attention regardless of the reason, but that didn't make context meaningless. The mere fact that it was such a private need acting as the focus was far outside her comfort zone, and she wasn't going to stand for it. Acting against her better judgment and once again removing both hands from her dress, she reached her left hand out and tightly gripped Elder Viki's hand, hard enough to hurt, while raising her own variation on Elder Viki's weapon, the tiny, glowing Wow Wand in her right hand, to the sky. "Enough! We're leaving!" Before Elder Viki even knew what was happening, a bright light flashed in their eyes, and they were blinked away, leaving the Zexens very confused.

###

The blinding gleam persisted for a solid few seconds, and once it had dissipated, the Vikis had arrived in a dark, humid forest, a mossy shade seemingly hanging in the air and dyeing the surroundings green. There was another drop upon arrival, but only a few inches this time, and the landing was much softer, gentle enough that the impact was hardly noticeable. As such, neither felt the immediate need to stand up, and they remained seated on their rears.

Honestly, it wasn't so much the new scenery that was the priority, but the mere fact that it changed at all. "Viki," Elder Viki questioned, "why would you do that? We were getting somewhere, I'm sure of it!"

"Aren't you a girl too? Don't you find the idea of revealing the most private act a woman can do to be even a little embarrassing? That sort of thoughtless disclosure will follow you, follow me, forever."

"Well...I mean, I don't really like saying it either, but it's definitely a lot better than...wetting my pants," Elder Viki contested, with a somber tone of voice that hinted at anecdotes better left untold. Only then did she look away from Little Viki and really take in their surroundings. "Um, where are we now?"

"Kuput Forest, deep in the Grasslands, resting between the Duck Village and Chisha Village."

"Oh, then this works too! Look at all the trees and bushes, there's a bunch of places to squat! Or, actually, I guess we don't even need to hide if it's just the two of us...are you okay with going out in the op-"

"Wait a moment. Are you seriously willing to...do your thing here?"

"Hm? Well, I don't see a problem...oh, did you never learn how to go tinkle outside, Viki? I'll teach you if you need it-"

"I am perfectly capable of urinating outdoors, my objection lies with this specific position. Our white clothes would become irrevocably stained should they touch any of the flora or soil, to say nothing of the monsters lurking in the shadows."

Elder Viki's mind went blank, and she reached a hand up to repeatedly tap the side of her head, like she wanted to shake a thought loose. "Erm, then...but then...I'm confused, if you didn't want to go pee here, why did you bring us?"

Little Viki opened her mouth and prepared to lecture the logic behind her actions, but the words wouldn't come out. Because there were no words, no explanation. "I...I didn't pick Kuput Forest deliberately. I simply wanted to escape Vinay del Zexay, however possible." For the first time, Little Viki was flustered.

Luckily, Elder Viki didn't pick up on that being an unusual or irregular state of mind for her younger equivalent, being a lifelong resident of disarray herself. "So where do you want to go?"

Looking down at the dirt, Little Viki clenched her hands tighter and lazily kicked a foot back and forth. "I...I would very much prefer to use a civilized toilet, without making a scene of it."

Smiling, though with a certain hidden strain as she kept one hand between her legs, Viki held her Wow Wow Wand aloft, channeling magical power. "Well, I know the place. Erm, at least, I think it's the place I'm thinking of...or was it?"

As Elder Viki tried to think, Little Viki grew more and more frustrated with the time being wasted, dancing in place as a tormented grimace grew on her face. That is, until a roar blared out from behind the thick treeline, loud and growling. One didn't need to be a monster expert to guess it was dangerous. Cue a spurt of urine from both. "I don't care what place you're thinking of, anywhere other than here!"

"Right! Grab on!" Little Viki did not need to be told twice, she reached up and grabbed the elbow of the other Viki's holding arm. Their environment twisted and faded into nonexistence, and their coordinates drastically shifted once more.

###

Once they were able to see again, it almost looked like they had returned to Vinay del Zexay. The stone style of construction was nearly identical, though the singular building standing at the edge of the bridge they had appeared on was much larger and better fortified than anything in the Zexen capital. And said bridge was suspended over a wide moat of tumultuous waters, the last thing either girl wanted to even think about. Before Elder Viki could even ask, Little Viki filled her in. "Brass Castle, the primary fortress protecting the Zexen border from the Grasslands."

"So, they'll have a bathroom we can use?"

"One would assume, with the traders that pass through, they have restrooms open to the pub-hngh!" She had been doing an admirable job staying outwardly strong, but at some point, Little Viki just had to buckle under the strain and demand of her bladder, having just made a strong push in a serious attempt to flush itself empty.

No words said, no thoughts in her head, Little Viki just had to bury her hands further between her legs, the tip of her Wow Wand sticking out from behind like a tail, clenching her crotch through her dress and rubbing her knees together. Even that wasn't enough to satiate her bursting contents, and she had to double her efforts by closing her eyes and tensing every muscle in her body, squeezing her fingers tight enough to hurt. And that push succeeded. In that she only leaked a significant amount instead of full-out soaking herself. She was afraid to think what her white panties must look like now.

And seeing such a violent and visceral depiction of a girl dying to pee was not pleasant for the observing Viki. Not just because of sympathy, but the knowledge and sensation that she was in just as bad a state. She had been suffering plenty all on her own, but now? Now it was infinitely worse with stimulation. Elder Viki started shaking while her left hand, also gripping her privates, tightened to white-knuckle levels, and she leaked a spurt of tinkle as well, feeling the tiny drip snake down her inner thigh. What a time to be wearing her one outfit with a pure white bottom half.

Elder Viki was not the only one with that worry, either. Taking a gamble once she had stabilized, Little Viki carefully unclasped her hands and moved them into the open air, looking downwards with fear in her eyes. "...there doesn't appear to be a visible stain." Breathing a sigh of relief, while keeping in mind that full relief was still out of reach, Little Viki promptly began holding herself with all her might once more.

Elder Viki continued with the same force, as well. "Will you be alright here, Viki? Because I think I'll need to stop regardless..."

"Yes, I think 'beggars can't be choosers' applies strongly now." With rigid movements and frequent pauses, the Vikis crossed the bridge through the Brass Castle's walls.

###

Little Viki slammed her hands on the table. "What do you mean we can't use your bathrooms?"

"Exactly as I said," the knight sitting behind said table explained, having no reaction on his blank expression to the loud outburst from a child. "With the rising tensions between Zexen and the Grasslands, we must be on high alert for attacks at all times. Because of this, we cannot let anyone into the deeper parts of our fortress without proper authorization."

Frankly, it was ridiculous that the Vikis even had to argue their case. One look at them was enough to see that there was nothing to hide, they really were just two girls filled to the brim with pee. They were both shaking, chests heaving, hands jammed between their thighs and quivering, faces red and hot, sweat dripping down their foreheads, practically crying in pain of their respective bladders almost bursting open. Though Little Viki, despite her usual stoicism, was faring markedly worse.

That left Elder Viki as the only one capable of doing any convincing. "Could you please make an exception, just for us? I'll...um, what was it again? I'll make it...worth your while, I think? And then I puff out my chest and show my leg, I believe...oh, but you probably don't want to see my leg right now." Even if she remembered the correct technique, Viki was not a seductress by nature.

Whether he was offended by the failure, or he had iron principles, the knight immediately went up a level in frustration. "Alright, if you're going to try and bribe me, then you can leave right now! Or would you rather I have someone escort you out?"

Little Viki pouted as she lost her patience. "Never mind! Let's just go back to Budehuc! I'll figure something out there!" Without even bothering to properly remove her hand from down south, she focused what little power she had to spare into her Wow Wand, flashing away once again. Elder Viki only just grabbed on at the last second to avoid being left behind.

###

Next stop was a series of dark caves. "Um, I don't remember going into Budehuc's basement, but this doesn't feel right..." Still, Elder Viki wanted to consider that they might have actually returned home, with the knowledge that she could very easily just be mistaken.

"No, I've been down to read in the Budehuc basement, and this isn't it. But...I can't think of where it is right now..." It was hard to blame Little Viki for being a little scatterbrained at the moment.

"So...why are we here?"

"I don't know! I can't think straight enough to properly teleport! I can't believe it, I'm turning into you..."

The confusion was cleared up rather quickly, when a horde of Lizard Clan soldiers rushed in their direction, brandishing halberds. "Intruders! No doubt come to assassinate another chief!"

Now Little Viki had it. "Great Hollow! Great Hollow!" Once again, a shot of warmth spread in the bottoms of both Vikis, and the younger of the two locked up from both fear and the crazy level of effort needed to hold on after a leak of that size.

That left Elder Viki as the only capable rune master, and the Wow Wow Wand was raised in a flash. "Budehuc! Budehuc!" In the blink of an eye, they were gone, just as quickly as they had arrived.

###

When they reappeared in the corporeal world...well, they were certainly back at Budehuc. In the baths. The men's baths. The occupied men's baths, populated by Geddoe, Joker, Ace, and Jacques. All sitting nude, of course, with nothing in the water to hide what laid beneath its surface. If anything could get Little Viki to remove a hand from her crotch at this point, it was this very sight. "Gah, can't look, can't look," she screamed, covering her innocent eyes with her inner elbow.

Elder Viki wasn't quite so flustered at the sight, for reasons beyond her age. "Oh, not again..."

"We need to get out!" Little Viki thrust her Wow Wand outwards, and the baths were suddenly short two intruders.

The men of Geddoe's unit hardly had time to react to their uninvited guests before all was silent again, but once the moment had calmed, Ace had a comment to make. "Normally, I'd appreciate a beautiful woman joining me in the bath, but that one isn't quite at the top of my list."

###

Next, the two appeared in a dingy village in what looked like a swamp, drawing the attention of the winged residents. "Hey, I think I know them," Elder Viki exclaimed.

"Wingers...you brought us to Dunan!"

"Oh, did I? That's not good."

"No, it's not! I'm losing it..." Little Viki's dancing started moving twice as fast, and she squeezed everything as hard as she could, slightly wringing the dampness from her panties out and into her dress fabric, all the while grunting and squeaking in the stress. A tear soon rolled down her cheek.

It was possibly the most pitiable sight Elder Viki had ever seen, but she couldn't be sure when she couldn't clearly remember breakfast today. Regardless, she was determined to make sure neither of them wet themselves today, and she was the only one with the capacity to make that happen. Nudging in close to the younger girl, because she sure couldn't afford to spare a hand to properly grab her, Elder Viki channeled her Blinking Rune, the last of her energy to be so recklessly spent, and whisked the two away.

###

The firm blades of tall grass and wheat sprouts scratched against the cloth of their respective dress and robe as they waved in the wind, with nothing but the breeze whistling through to provide a semblance of noise in the sunset yellow field. A large windmill spinning in the distance gave clue to their location, in a way that even Elder Viki couldn't mistake it. Being so close to Budehuc certainly helped. "Iksay Village! I think that's good!"

"It...it would be, but the field is t-too open...we don't know if there's anything l-lurking..." While it was a legitimate point, it looks like it hurt Little Viki to even object at a time like this, as if she wasn't already in enough pain.

Elder Viki simply wasn't delaying her bodily needs. "Well, it's your choice, but I gotta go!" She had done an admirable job accommodating her other half, but her bladder had long since struck its limits, and the middle of a field with tons of plants to hide behind was as good as a nice, clean toilet in her eyes.

Little Viki really wanted to wait, hold out until she could make it to a bathroom in Iksay, just as a woman's pride dictated. But no amount of femininity could change the very real fact that she was already extremely wet, and seconds away from becoming downright soaked from the waist down, with evidently no one but her older self watching. There was only one singular way to save herself now, and if that was the case, then she'd gladly take it. "I'll do it! I have to do it!" After all, despite her unusual origins and personality, Little Viki was only human.

However, even resolved to relieve themselves, there was still one final, major obstacle standing between the Vikis and their flowing urine: clothing. This may have seemed obvious, they needed to undress to safely pee, but it was a bit more than that. With the long, hanging skirts of their outfits, the hems resting close to their ankles, pulling them up to expose their privates would be challenging, especially when time was so crucial and spirit so depleted.

With no communication, the two settled on the same solution: pulling at their skirts like feral animals and yanking the garment upwards with as much as a single grab could take, until they could hold the hems and lift them to their stomachs. Hers being a bit lighter, Little Viki finished first, and she quickly moved onto the next step of keeping hold of the mound of crumpled white fabric with her elbows while somehow simultaneously removing the one final piece standing between herself and this direly needed pee.

Bending forward, knees slammed together, she slid one hand down the front of her underwear to hold her girlhood while using the other to grab the front of the panties and shove them down. And not a second too soon. It was already hard to tell they were supposed to be white, with the dirty yellow spread all across the crotch, halfway up the front, and mostly covering the butt. And her bladder was determined to stain them more, it seemed, as a heavy spurt shot out and surged between her trembling fingers, the many drops falling into and shaking the panties fallen down her thighs. "Ah! Can't...hold...can't hold it!" Shifting her balance towards her back end, she dropped down into a squat, pulling her wet hand away to gingerly hold her dress out of harm's way with her thumb and index finger, and spread her legs, stretching her underwear out and freeing more drops from their threaded confines.

At the same time, Elder Viki wasn't having the same level of trouble. With her thighs pressed together and keeping her peehole steady for the time being, she could devote both hands to her robe's length, cradling the mass near her stomach with her forearms. As was now visible, Elder Viki had nothing beneath her robe to wet, though shiny beads of urine were clearly stuck to her thighs, leaving her nothing to do but squat with a clear, airy path from her privates. As she spread her knees, she bumped into her little partner's, an unfortunate side effect of needing to touch each other to teleport and not having the strength to move apart once they had. This tinkle break was not going to be modest.

They had no time to adjust, either. At roughly the same time, a hissing noise emanated from both their unmentionable areas while a thick yellow gush jetted out, spraying tiny drops outwards at both the origin and impact points as they crashed into the soft dirt beneath their feet, rapidly overloading the soil's absorbent capabilities and backing up into a foamy puddle. The two pools quickly merged into one, the warm water rippling with relatively tall waves under the force of the deafening splash of two torrential pees.

Early on, Little Viki was apprehensive. Here she was, half nude on the worst half, performing one of the two most secretive acts a woman could do, directly in plain view of her older self. She could practically die of embarrassment at the mere thought, so actually going through with such an uncouth solution was sickening. Her face was already red from the sheer strain of waiting until now, but now she was humiliated so thoroughly that the color was sure to stick. She couldn't stop shaking and her throat spasmed in a way that looked like she could break out crying at any moment.

But, in the same place, Elder Viki was just having a good time. How could she not, getting to go pee after very nearly bursting, having hardly wet herself and in a place where only a fellow girl could bear witness to her actions. And doing so felt just so pleasant, absolute bliss coursing through her blood as pounding pressure flooded from her nethers, leaving nothing but that empty elation behind. Drool peeked out from her mouth and rested on her chin as her eyes rolled upwards. "Ooooohhhhh, hhhaaaaahhhhh..."

It wasn't her proudest moment, but so determined to ignore her own golden rapids, Little Viki had no other powerful enough distractions beyond Elder Viki's handiwork. Because, yes, it was powerful. Just as powerful as her own, in fact, while she herself was already falling off the edge of wetting herself. Even discounting her mental...lacking, Elder Viki should have, by all respects, had the same reservations that her younger self did.

Yet she didn't. Quite the contrary, Elder Viki looked as happy as could be, in a way that turned the tables and left Little Viki dumbfounded. How could she be so immodest? How could she be so carefree? Countless factors could turn against them at any moment, and even if they didn't, this was still the lowest of the low to resort to, even in an emergency. Little Viki would be ashamed of this for the rest of her life, yet Elder Viki seemed to lack any sense of context, any understanding why this was bad. Ignorance is bliss, it seemed.

But, when it came down to it, that meant that Elder Viki was happy and Little Viki was not. That's how it always seemed, the older magician could just keep going with a smile on her face no matter how flighty and inattentive her seemingly empty head made her. Little Viki still had no desire to grow into everything being her bigger self entailed, but Elder Viki was still friendly, played an active role in the resistances she was swept up in, and remained respected to a certain degree. And she was unconstrained by worries of decency.

Truthfully, it wasn't just anxiety that kept Little Viki's spirits damper than her panties, but the sensation of actually going. Yes, she was absolutely bursting, but that didn't excuse just how uncomfortable peeing was now. The warm urine shot through her urethra with a mighty force, leaving a stinging behind in every sensitive area it passed through. And her bladder still felt bloated, like it was continuing to hold all that liquid rippling across the ground before her, with the only explanation being how tense she remained.

"Just...relax, Viki. That has to be the secret, or...something of the sort." Little Viki closed her eyes and took a sharp inhale through the nose, holding the oxygen in her lungs for several seconds, before gently releasing the breath through gently-pursed lips. She looped this process, and with each cycle, her muscles gave slack and her pee spurted a single spray of extra power, unpleasant thoughts being pushed from her mind.

This repeated approximately a half-dozen times, but as time passed, whether it was a natural reaction or the result of her meditation, the pee began to feel pretty good. She really needed to go, after all, it only made sense that her bladder deflating would be somewhat pleasant. Her neck went limp and her head flopped to the side as she just let nature run its course. "Oooohhhhh...."

Still going quite strong herself, Elder Viki only barely heard that sigh of relief from her younger double. "Yeah, it feels really good, doesn't it?"

Little Viki's response was short, sweet, and said all it needed to. "Haaahhhhh..." Truly, there was nothing more that needed to be expressed, they were relieving themselves and it was all relief. The air itself seemed to heat up in the proximity of their warm urine combining in a rising puddle, endlessly peppered with trickles and splashes, all the telltale signs that this was a much-needed bathroom break, and very relaxing at that. Well, all aside from the rising scent. That, both Vikis could do without.

It was not to last, however. With no mental barriers that needed conquering, and not quite at a bursting level, Elder Viki began sputtering to a stop first, though this didn't exactly mean she was finished quite yet. The torrent diminished in force, while continuing onwards with respectable, typical power for several seconds. This persisted until there were no further reserves to be released, and Elder Viki's privates soon only produced a drizzle of drops sticking to the folds down below.

Somewhere around this point, Little Viki's distended bladder had shrunken wildly down without a massive quantity of urine inflating it. Her impressive, wide-reaching spray died down soon into a narrow shower still well beyond what many girls her age or size could comfortably produce. "Hah....haaahhh..." And reaching the climax was pushing Little Viki to her limits of a different kind, as she could hardly stop moaning long enough to pant over and over again.

Finally, at long last, she finished. A small squirt of a hidden reserve followed, but was hardly more than a drop in the yellow ocean still resting on the soil's surface, and then there was nothing left to give. For a good while afterwards, Little Viki stayed in place with her shivering squat, eyes unfocused, chest heaving with deep breaths as her lower regions air dried.

Because she was unresponsive, Elder Viki became the first to express a closing thought, still squatting and nude from the waist-down. "Phew! I can't remember the last time I had to go that bad!"

It took a few more gasps before Little Viki could respond with some modicum of coherence. "That's...that's no surprise. But yes, I can safely say I've never held off using the restroom that long either."

"It's not so bad peeing outside, is it?"

"As I said before, I'm perfectly able to relieve myself outdoors, I simply greatly prefer not to."

"But this was an emergency, wasn't it?"

Little Viki nodded, and as her gaze subsequently drifted downwards, she looked straight into her older self's girlhood. Her eyes widened before quickly forcing shut. "T-this is hardly the time to have a conversation! Redress yourself!"

"Oh! Right, I didn't realize I still had nothing on!" Pushing herself up into standing, Elder Viki let her robe fall, the hem hanging a mere inch above the massive urine pond, with even less of a gap to some of the more prominent floating bubbles. Totally presentable once more, she smiled brightly...until she felt a drop of tepid pee snake down her thigh. "Oops, I forgot to wipe. Um, do you need me to find something for you, Viki?"

There was no need, as Little Viki was already on her feet and already had her drenched panties in her grip, pulling them up with a disgusted grimace. "There's no point, I'd just get wet again immediately afterwards." Defeated, she let go and allowed gravity to take her dress to her ankles.

"Oh, I suppose that's right. Um, I'm sorry I can't offer you anything about that."

"No, you couldn't. Though, I'd like to ask a question on that topic, actually: why don't you have any undergarments on?"

"Er...oh, that's right! It's a funny story, actually, I teleported myself once, and my underwear didn't come with me. I never found them, so I still don't have any. I really don't mind, it's kinda nice to be free."

"Okay, too much information! I just want to get back to Budehuc and soak in a bath. The women's bath this time!"

"Yeah, I could use a bath myself. So, what about next time? Is there someplace you'd feel more comfortable going tinkle?"

"Next time? No! I'll figure something out at Budehuc, I never want to repeat today's humiliating events again!" Little Viki's tone and volume dropped, as her next sentence exited as little more than a whisper. "Though, I suppose Budehuc is just as prone to failure..."

Regardless, Elder Viki continued with her usual jauntiness. "Um, I'm sorry it didn't really work out this time, but we've learned, haven't we? I'm sure it'll be better next ti-"

"Listen," Little Viki interrupted, "I'm truly grateful that you went so far out of your way to help me. But all it did was embarrass me and cause me to come as close as humanly possible to having an accident without actually doing so. It would be better for all if I simply continued my current strategy of finding new locations at the castle." It was hard to be positive with the ever-cooling pee sticking to her butt and more private areas.

"Hmmm..." If these kinds of excursions were not acceptable, Elder Viki needed to remember what her fallback was. "Have you been going in the lake?"

"What?! No, of course I haven't! We use that water for cooking, drinking, bathing, laundry, we can't simply taint it with our bodily fluids!" At first, it was a look of disgust at even being suggested such a filthy solution, but Little Viki soon adopted a look of horror as she realized exactly why that was the location that came to her bigger self's mind first. "You've been urinating in the lake, haven't you?"

"Well, yes. It's a big lake, I'm sure my pee isn't doing that much. Besides, it's water, a toilet uses water, it just feels right."

All of a sudden, Little Viki began rethinking that bath plan. And the idea of drinking any water from that lake. But she couldn't exactly go around cautioning everyone that Viki was polluting the water, because with over a hundred Stars of Destiny to spread the rumor, it was just a matter of time before the warning was perverted into being Little Viki's fault.

No, she had to fix this herself, by fixing herself. "If you're going to continue to act this way, then I have no choice. I wanted to avoid unnecessary disturbances in the timestream, but if it will protect our present allies, then I know the location of the women's restroom in Toran Castle."

"Oh, that's good! I don't think I could ever find that bathroom, you know, and because it was in the middle of the lake..."

"I get the picture. If you agree, I'll find you next time the need arises, and you can better acquaint yourself with a proper receptacle. I'd also like to have that option available once more." Little Viki stepped forward to complete the agreement with a handshake, but as soon as one foot extended before the other, she experienced the sickening sensation of her panties peeling free from their pee adhesive, quickly sticking to her skin in a slightly different position. She didn't want to make any unnecessary movements.

Elder Viki understood fast enough, and took the initiative herself to close the minimal distance, putting a hand on Little Viki's shoulder and using her other to lift her Wow Wow Wand, with an expectant eye. "How about that bath first?"

Little Viki wanted to object, knowing that the water would not be as clean as necessary for a task such as bathing. Until she heard the subtle squish of her underwear shifting once more. She'd be soaking in urine regardless, better the diluted quantity than the localized one actively causing her distress. "Yes, I think that's a necessity."

With a usual smile, Elder Viki activated her Blinking Rune, and the two returned to home base. Little Viki wanted to forget what had transpired today, and Elder Viki probably would, unintentionally. Either way, both agreed: it could have gone worse.

###

True to her word, Little Viki had brought the two to Toran Castle, where they blended right in with the growing Liberation Army residing in the tower, and had quickly reached the restroom. And had joined the long line of girls in various stages of desperation. Now that Camille had thrown up her arms in frustration and left, muttering something about "finding literally anywhere else", every single member of the queue was doing a potty dance in some capacity. Kasumi, Tengaar, Lorelai, every one of them could wet themselves at a moment's notice.

At the front, Cleo began frantically knocking on the wooden door, with one hand buried under her skirt. "Whoever is in there, could you please leave? There's a line of women out here that really need to use the bathroom!"

From inside the small closet, the voice of the young Meg shouted out. "I'm sorry, but I really can't come out right now! I need to clean up my clot- I mean, I just need more time!"

Everyone waiting groaned in disbelief, and that included the Vikis towards the back. "This feels really familiar for some reason," Elder Viki remarked.

"Records say the Liberation Army shouldn't have been this big at this date. What a time for the books to be incorrect," Little Viki lamented, squeezing her fingers tighter around the portion of dress currently being pressed against her crotch. Soon enough, she squirmed and squealed as a spurt of pee dripped into her panties.

All the way at the back, a Viki just a bit younger than Elder Viki began rubbing her knees together, both hands holding herself with everything she had, feeling her control slip away. "What? Oh! Oh!"
