New fantasies at the Club | DDLC Stories

Author: ChaoticCharlie

*000*2023-07-28 17:50

THIS IS MY FIRST STORY!! I hope you enjoy :]

**Depending on how this goes I might switch between members of the club bht this post will be about Monika**

###

*BEEP BEEP BEEEP* 'Uuugh I really need a new alarm. Mmm' I think to myself.. I feel my rock hard bladder and reach down to gently push it. 'Aaah~' A sharp yet soothing pang echos through my lower body. I swaddle my crotch and mean into my pillow. I need to pee so incredibly bad!! "I hadn't been planning on wetting today- But it feels too good nott to" I slowly whisper to myself.

I take a hand off my crotch as I wrap my legs around each other and begin massaging my swollen bladder bump. "aah- Ooh~" I can't help but moan loudly as I feel a small leak dampen my panties. I eagerly slide my hand into my shorts and begin rubbing my clit through my wet panties. Each second I get hornier as more spurts release from my aching bladder. I can feel my hand getting moist from urine at this point but I still keep trying to hold back the flood. 'OH my God, oh- oh god- my hand is soaked and soon my bed will be too-is this paradise?' Suddenly my bladder gives up and releases the golden oceans it had been withholding. I slip a finger into the golden spot and begin to climax...

- After -

'Well that was eventful.' I think laughing yk myself as I pour my 5th coffee this morning. 'I'm so exhausted after that.. that... fun... I'm barely awake. I'd better drink some extra coffee to stay awake during class...'

More?? Yes or no??

