Amy’s gold rings

Author: Crosser67

*000*2018-12-13 03:28

Before I start, this is my first post. Go easy on me, I didn’t quite understand how to get around this site and it took me an hour to even find this page.

Sonic, Tails and Amy were all hanging out at an abandoned chiledog stand. Sonic is hungrily digging through the cart to no avail, Tails is tinkering with some new invention, and Amy is practicing her swings with her giant hammer.

”Jeez, its like this place was already raided!” Sonic whined. “He does know we have been here before, right Tails?” Amy whispered.

“Bah, it doesn’t matter. You packed backup, right Tails...Tails?”

Ohh! Ah-

A loose screw fell from his remote, and the whole thing shattered in his hand.

“Daw, I was so close! Anyways, I did have supplies until an unnamed someone offered them as a sacrifice for what- this place?”

Just a few hours earlier they had been in combat after rescuing the umpteenth animal capsule that day. They tied up the group in a rope, and while later they ended up escaping when Sonic offered their supplies as a substitute.

The real problem, is that Amy hadn’t had a break. There was a preasure rising in the pit of her groin, and she understood well enough the trouble they were already in. Amy decided against troubling the ragtag adventurers for a potty break, they needed to get moving.

”Sonic,” Amy started putting her hammer over her shoulder, “I think we should go, It’s getting late and-“ “Yes, yes we need to save the animals. But cmon, a man needs a break!” Sonic interupts. Tails glances towards Amy, and notices her fidgeting with her fingers and occasionally hopping on a foot.

Like a switch, suddenly Tails was in the same boat as he realised his own pain wasn’t the rope burns. He melted into a bright tomatoe red, and began to Sonic that they might actually need to turn back.

Sonic was in a bad mood, having his favorite spot for food run out, and the bigger issue that the bots had gotten away with another capsule. “Ok ok, we’ll turn back and find the baddies. Just keep a lookout for rations on are way.”

Amy did not want to reveal that her nature needed to be tended. She had a slight crush on Sonic, and didn’t want to look bothersome while they were busy. Tails didn’t mention his because he felt like the weak one of the group, and didn’t want to seem weaker. Also, he had a fear of peeing anywhere he could see 20 feet in front of him.

Sonic shot his friends an encouraging glance, and ran off ahead beckoning for them to follow.

Hesitently, Tails carried Amy into the sky and chased off after Sonic. Over the harsh winds he shouts, “Amy? I noticed you...that you, a-anyways...I have go bad too.” Amy flushed pinker than her hair. “Ah! Tails, PLEASE don’t mention that right now-!” Amy pushes between gasps of despair. “Maybe we can slow down and go in this forest? We know the general direction Sonic is going and- Ah!”

Tails let go of Amys wrist and shot hus hand to his groin. Noticing his mistake, he slowed hus propeller tails and descended to the ground.

Amy had luckily crashed through the trees, but it was not helpfull how many branches thwacked her stomach on the way down. Now she lay, gasping, trying not to wet the one outfit she cared about.

Tails appeared beside her not noticing the slight yellow stain that had developed on Amy’s shorts.

“Urg, Tails what- ooh. Ooh no, not yet...Tails, I need to go now-! Please dont say anything to Sonic about this.” Without giving Tails a chance to say anything Amy rolled over and started to form a small yellow pool of liquid around her limp body. Moans of pleasure could be heard, but Tails could not concentrate on these because he was about to do the same as Amy.

”Amy, I’m your friend. Don’t worry, I won’t say anything. I’ve been in your situation before.”

Amy started slowing the stream, damming it realising there was someone watching her soil herself. “Tails! There is no way in hell you’ve been in this situation!” Tears streamed down her face. But as she looked up, instead of seeing an amused face, she saw Tails fall over and run his hands over his crotch area.

A small hissing sound could be heard by only these two, as Amy realised what happened. “Oh Tails, oh! Im sorry for yelling.”

Tails wipes his tears from his face and forced a smile. “At least Sonic won’t know.”

Amy smiled, despite her appearance, and stepped forward to Tails and embraced him. The two, urine soaked, started back towards Sonic’s direction, speaking only of how they would explain themselves.

Ok, that was a doozy to make. Its short, I don’t believe I added enough to the buildup, the pee-scene was much shorter than any piece I’ve read, but I suppose I've got to start somewhere. Feel free to comment tips, this is certainly something I could definitely get into doing often.

