Another wet lesbian fantasy

Author: Charlie Kirby

*000*2020-09-04 17:43

"Please can I go" You plead relentlessly, hopping from foot to foot. Both hands bear down on your crotch, as you whimper in desperate agony.

The bathroom key jangles against its fob, as I swing it teasingly in front of you. Your eyes dart around the small bedroom, searching for somewhere to relieve yourself. You make an attempt for the hallway door, but I jump in your way, restraining your shoulders with firm hands.

You're pale, washed in cold sweat, sniffling and whining. Your joints rattle with an adorable fear. My grip on your shoulders loosens, arms wrapping around your shivering back as we sink into a deep hug. I squeeze you tightly, quelling your tremble with a carefully judged embrace. Our chests squeeze together, your heart thumping my breast. Below, I've allowed just enough separation for your bulging bladder to be pressure free.

"It's okay," I whisper tenderly. "You know the safe word?"

"Yes." You sniff. All weight on me. All strength in your clenched hands. "Ah..."

I feel a warmth against my shin. Pushing you away reveals a dark streak running down my leg. It grows before our eyes, grey cotton turning black under your spill. The white knuckles in your groin drip.

"I'm sorry." You murmur gritted teeth. I giggle.

"No, don't make me laugh!" You squeal, bending your knees. You cry out once more, stabbed with pain. This time a bigger leak splashes on my bedroom floor. You breath deeply, eyes on the floor. Lips pursed as you pant in and out.

Stepping forward, I attempt a comforting touch. But doubled over in the hight of torment, you push me away. So I stand dumbstruck watching. You look up to catch a glimpse of me touching myself, mustering a breathy "Ha" when you see my hand in my pants.

You turn slowly, shuffling to face the window. As you spin, the extent of your torture becomes apparent. Your bladder bulges in an extreme curve, skin stretching the waistband of your sweatpants to peek out from under your top. Then my eyes find your bottom. Unmistakable dark patches run symmetrically under each loveable cheek. On the right side, a bigger leak has broken through the fabric. I watch the drips fall, forming another dark patch above your knee.

"Can I..." I don't know what you want to ask me. Your sentence is cut short by another painful cry. Then more splashing on the floor as this time several small streams break free. I watch them dash lines down the backs of your legs. The trails are crisp for the briefest moment, before the gloss fades and edges blur. You hop toward the open window.

"Oh no. I said in the room!" Urgency raises in my voice as your plan dawns on me. We're both running forward now. A wet hand leaves my pants and reaches for you, but in a flash you've leapt onto the open window sill and spun to face me. I hold your arms, and for the first your hands leave your crotch to hold mine. Our eyes fix, tightly locked. You stare deeply into me, fire blazing in your pupils.

For a moment there's silence. Your bottom perched into the night air, is as suspended as time itself. Then a long exhale becomes a moan of relief. I hold my breath, listening past the hiss from pants to the crashing of liquid on distant ground. Our eye contact doesn't waver. To you, I look astonished. To me, you look on fire. The sparks that burn in you are ones I've seen before. Your jaw is open. Your breathing uncontrollable. Every exhale is a moan. Every inhale a gasp.

It's happening. You stare into my eyes and speechlessly orgasm. It lasts as long as your pee, fading with hiss into a silent night.

When it's over, we take a moment. Neither of us are quite sure of what just happened. Then, unable to find any word to exchange, we laugh. It's manic, as unstoppable as your wetting. Tears roll from our eyes as I pull you from your perch. The laughter goes on and on. Everything is funny now. We stick our heads out the window in turn to look down on the puddle. Drops hang like dew on the brickwork under the window, sprayed from you in the hight of relief. Your wet pants are dripping all over my room. Our feet losing grip as they drag pee around the polished floorboards. Eventually I slip, trying to save myself I pull you to the ground with me.

I want tonight to last forever. This feeling I have is the happiest I've ever been. With you, in my room. Wet clothes discarded. Skin against skin. It's my heaven, and you know it.

