The Last Year Before They Grew Up - Page 2

*030*2023-03-16 02:49

Hi all, as further apology for the long hiatus, here is chapter 10. Warning, there is some messing.

Chapter 10: Heading Home for the Holidays

“You want to go all the way to Lockport to see A BOY?!” April exclaimed in disbelief, unsure how to process what her older sister was saying. “That’s an hour out of the way! Mom will be PISSED if we miss dinner tonight!”

“Please April,” Sarah begged from the driver’s seat. “I’ve been obsessed with Jackson for literal years! Him inviting me to his Christmas Party is such a good sign! I have to attend!”

“Hasn’t he been jerking you around all fall?” April asked, rolling her eyes, feet lounging on the dash of Sarah’s beaten up Corolla. “Isn’t this the guy who was into Ronnie and then when he finally started showing interest in you made out with some other girl in front of you? That’s douchebag 101… just let him go!”

“I can’t, April! I have to see it through! Maybe I can catch him under some mistletoe…” Sarah said wistfully, thinking of the possibilities that the party would bring her.

“Is this why you dressed so nicely for a car ride home?” April asked bemused, sizing up Sarah’s outfit. She had been surprised when her older sister had shown up to pick her up from her school in a full face of makeup. The wasian girl was wearing a stylish red sweater under her puffer coat and a cute pair of white jeans that did wonders for her figure that she had apparently bought on her recent New York Trip a few weeks prior. April had been confused since they normally both wore sweats on long car rides, and they were still a whole 4 hour drive from their hometown. April was wearing grey sweatpants and a baggy purple sweatshirt emblazoned with her college’s crest; the eighteen year old had just finished her first semester of university.

“I did not just dress like this for him,” Sarah protested futilely. “I dressed like this for dinner with mom!”

“Which we’re not going to make it to if we go to Lockport…” April added, exasperated.

“Oh shut up, please April? If you help me out, I’ll help you tell Mom and Dad that you’re not doing well in any of your courses.

April cringed inwardly. It was true. She had barely passed 3 of her courses and failed the other 2. She was going to need Sarah’s support to stave off some of her parents fury.

“Fine,” she conceded after a moment. “But you better really sell how much you struggled in first year and how much it get me easier later.”

“Deal lil sis, but you seriously need to party less and study more,” Sarah chided.

“Oh shut up, you partied just as much as me in first year. You just had Ronnie to help you pass every class,” April shot back.

“Whatever,” Sarah deflected, secretly happy to be back bantering with her sister. The two of them had grown way closer in the last year as April had matured and Sarah had missed her all fall. “Wanna stop soon for milkshakes?”

“Only if you’re paying,” April responded cheekily.

“Fine, but only because I want one and you’re a broke ass bitch,” Sarah retorted sassily, earning herself a punch from her sister.

——-

After 20 more minutes of driving, Sarah pulled off the highway into a plaza with a milkshake place that she’d stopped at on several commutes home. Despite being lactose intolerant, she loved the milkshakes from here. They were worth taking her lactose pills and a bit of stomach discomfort.

After parking in the parking lot, April excitedly leapt from the car and stretched aggressively. “Fuckkkkk, it feels good to move again,” she moaned.

“Don’t be so weird with the noises you make,” Sarah said, giggling at her sister’s usual lack of shame in public.

“Who cares?! There’s no one around,” April replied with a laugh. “I really hope there’s a bathroom, I’m boutta piss my pants!”

“Don’t be so dramatic,” Sarah said, shaking her head at her little sister’s penchant for exaggeration. “It’s only funny to joke about until it actually happens.”

“You’ve pissed yourself?!” April exclaimed in surprise as she pulled open the door into the milkshake shop.

“Shhhh,” Sarah quickly hissed, shushing her sister’s announcement to everyone inside. “Yes, it happened to me when I was absolutely plastered and belligerent on Labour Day! But it’s definitely not unusual for people my age! Basically all of my friends have had an accident this Fall semester.”

“You’re all insane, I don’t believe you. There’s no way Ronnie would stoop that low,” April replied, scrunching up her face into a look of disgust.

“Oh my Lord, stop with your Ronnie worship,” Sarah joked, rolling her eyes. “You’re right though, Ronnie is the only one of us who hasn’t had an accident. We actually have a board in the kitchen tracking it. We call it the Piddle Pants Club. You’ll see it if you come and visit next semester!”

“You guys are so fucking lame!” April teased. “My friends could definitely drink yours under the table, none of them have had an accident since they were in diapers. We just take slashes in the street if it’s dire enough!”

“And you wonder why Mom thinks you’re hanging with the wrong crowd…” Sarah said. “You go piss, I’ll order.”

Flipping her sister off, April disappeared towards the hallway at the back of the store emblazoned with a washroom sign over it. Sarah pulled out her phone and began scrolling through her Instagram feed to pass her time in line. However, moments later, April returned to the line and jabbed her sister in the side with a finger.

“The bathrooms are closed. There’s a sign on the door saying they’re having a drainage problem,” she complained, letting out an exasperated sigh.

“Oh shit, can you hold it until we find somewhere else to stop,” Sarah asked, glancing out the window towards the rest of the plaza and searching for anything that might have accessible washrooms.

“Yeah, I’ll be good for at least another hour,” April said. “I can hold my pee, unlike someone I know.”

Sarah punched her sister lightly on the arm before advancing once again in the line.

——

30 minutes later, the sisters were back on the freeway slurping down on the last of their milkshakes. Sarah had chosen the chocolate fudge flavour that had been her favourite since she had discovered the place and the delicious sweet taste had been exactly what she had been craving. Unfortunately, the undesired side effect of her lactose intolerance was rising to the forefront as her stomach started to gurgle ominously due to her blatant disregard of her bodies needs. Sarah hated that this was how her body reacted, but she often chose to ignore the feeling when she truly craved certain dairy products. Besides, once she took a lactose pill she’d be fine. Turning to her sister, Sarah asked her to grab one out of the glove box in front of her.

April opened the glove box and began moving items around, lifting up spare napkins and cutlery in an attempt to find the bottle of pills. Finally, she found it beneath Sarah’s winter gloves.

“Fuck sis, your glove box is a disaster,” April said, unscrewing the cap and peering in. Suddenly she let out a worried gasp.

“What is it?!” Sarah asked, concerned.

“The bottle is empty Sarah!”

“Fuck!” Sarah growled, shocked that she had been stupid enough not to refill her stash when she had finished it. This ride was going to get very hard for her churning stomach as she began to feel a gassy pain in her intestines. She had always hated the feeling of air bubbles in her belly as the dairy made itself known. She was going to have to endure it though, if they were going to arrive in time to see Jackson before they headed home.

April wasn’t doing much better herself. Her inability to pee at their stop was coming back to nag her, as she sat in the passenger seat with her legs crossed over each other tightly. She hoped they’d get to Jackson’s soon, but she knew they were still at least 2 hours away from Lockport, Jackson’s hometown. She knew she could wait that long since her mom hated stopping on long car rides so she’d been forced to hold it a lot as a kid. She had always made it, with only a few close calls, and she was certainly not in bad enough shape for it to pose a real issue. Nevertheless, she certainly wanted to take her mind off of her need.

“Let’s blast some Taylor Swift and do a sing along,” April said to her sister, connecting her phone to the aux cord and beginning to scroll through her Spotify queuing up various bangers. “It might help you ignore your stomach pains, sis.”

“Yeah, let’s hope this traffic isn’t too bad and we can make it there by 4 o’clock,” Sarah replied.

“Optimistic prediction, no way we can make it there in 2 hours,” April replied as Anti-Hero began to blast through the car.

“Damn, I hope you’re wrong,” Sarah muttered under her breath. Her stomach rumbled in agreement.

——

At 4:03pm, the two sisters finally arrived in Lockport, Massachusetts. Snow had started to fall in earnest, swirling around the car until Sarah had to turn on the windshield wipers. After ten minutes of winding through suburbs off of the interstate, the girls pulled up across the street from a large modern house set far back from the curb with pillars on either side of the door, massive windows and a life sized statue of a deer on the lawn.

“Wow, you didn’t tell me your obsession was RICH!” April exclaimed. “I totally get it now!”

“Shut up April, that’s not why I like him!” Sarah retorted.

“Why do you like him then?” April asked. “It just sounds like he treats you like shit.”

“He does not treat me like shit!” Sarah exclaimed defensively. “When we met back in first year, he was super sweet to me and took me under his wing in my Econ class where I knew no one. We always used to study together and get bubble tea after class. We’ve been friends ever since and I party with him like every weekend.”

“So what I’m hearing is he’s had a million chances to make a move and he’s never taken any of them. I’m sorry sis, but this boy is a lost cause,” April said, immediately regretting how this came across slightly harsh as she saw her sisters face fall.

“Sometimes it just takes boys awhile to realize what’s right in front of them,” Sarah said, the hurt distinguishable in the tone of her voice. Turning away from her sister, she rang the doorbell.

Nearly instantaneously, the door swung inward revealing a tall woman in her fifties with greying blonde hair. She was clad in an ugly green Christmas sweater depicting Santa mooning some elves from the back of his sleigh.

“Welcome to the annual Gallaway Christmas Party ladies!” she exclaimed excitedly. “I’m Mrs Gallaway but you can call me Cheryl! One of you must be the nice girl that Jackson talks so much about.”

Shooting her sister an ‘I told you so’ look, Sarah quickly introduced herself and shook Cheryl’s outstretched hand. Cheryl bubbled with excitement at meeting her son’s friend and led them into the foyer. April was stunned by the size of the house on the inside, and she admired the grand staircase leading up to the second floor, the impressive modern chandelier and the elegant paintings on the wall. Cheryl took their coats and passed them to a smaller boy with blonde curls similar to Jackson’s, asking him to run them upstairs to place on a bed with the other guests. Sarah guessed that this was Jackson’s kid brother Eli. Glancing around, the girls were impressed to see dozens of attendees at the party ranging from teens all the way up to silver haired elderly folk.

“Wow,” Sarah exclaimed to Cheryl, “Are there over a hundred people here?”

“Yes sweetie, we invite our whole extended family, all our close friends, the kids’ friends, their sports teams, the church congregation… we like to be as inclusive and welcoming as possible, especially at the holidays!” Cheryl explained, her excitement barely contained. April cringed inwardly at the woman’s unstoppable bubbliness.

“Let me get you both settled and comfy before Jackson gets back!” Cheryl said, guiding them down some steps towards the basement.

“He’s not here?” Sarah asked, surprised.

“No sweetie, he’s out on the pond down the street playing some hockey with his friends! They’ll be back in 30 minutes or so for carols!” Cheryl beamed.

“Oh… okay, sounds good,” Sarah said, but April could tell her sister was bummed out.

Gesturing to the TV room where a bunch of young adults were watching the movie Elf, Cheryl turned to April. “The kids in there are around your age! My daughter Hazel is in first year and she’d love to take you under her wing.”

April was not remotely excited to have to interact with a bunch of random strangers but she figured she could tough it out for her big sister. She did need to find a bathroom soon, as her urge to pee had only grown further.

“Hazel!” Cheryl called. “Come make April feel welcome!”

A girl pulled herself out from between two people on the couch, crawled over some legs and strode over to her mother. April found herself impressed at how pretty the girl was before she could stop herself from ignoring that thought. She had only recently started to come to terms with her bisexuality but this girl was stunning. Hazel was dressed in a short white dress that left little to the imagination and accentuated her gorgeous long legs. She was wearing a Santa hat over the curly blonde hair just like both of her brothers that was cut in a bob to her shoulders. Her cute button nose and smattering of freckles made April’s heart start to flutter. She quickly suppressed the feelings and went up and introduced herself to the girl. Hazel grinned at her and then turned to her mom.

“Don’t worry Mom, I’ll take good care of her.”

“Perfect sweetie, I’ll take Sarah upstairs and entertain her until Jackson gets back. You kids have fun!”

Sarah smiled at her sister and followed the blonde lady back out of the room and up the stairs leaving April with Hazel and her friends.

“So… where do you go to school?” Hazel asked, sizing up April in her sweatsuit.

April cursed herself for dressing so poorly before replying. “I go to Port Henry College. How bout you?”

“Ahhh the Purple Vultures!” Hazel exclaimed, referencing the school colours and mascot. “You guys are known for your crazy partying! Is it as insane as they say? I got to Greatwestern like my brother Jackson, and we go pretty hard too.”

“It is as off the rails as they say. It’s crazy how many people drink every night of the week! And you should see our football games! We put Greatwestern to shame.”

Hazel raised an eyebrow. “I’m having a hard time believing you’re a partyer Ms Sweatpants!”

“I hold my own! This is my hangover fit, I was out drinking last night,” April instantly retorted.

“Please”, the blonde said, “I could drink you under the table.”

This challenge elicited a cheer from the other young adults sitting on the couch and April found herself compelled to defend her school pride and to impress this pretty girl.

“Challenge accepted,” April said smugly.

Hazel reached under the hem of her white dress and pulled out a flask that was strapped to her thigh. She tossed it to April who caught it in her left hand. Without even asking what the flask contained, she popped the lid off, put the bottle to her lips and tilted her head straight back. The task of cold vodka hit her throat but she didn’t flinch. The dozen other people in the room started whooping and cheering. April’s bladder protested the additional liquid but her pride prevented her from asking where the bathroom was mid challenge. Instead, she crossed her legs and tossed the flask back to Hazel.

“Let’s do this thing! You’re gonna lose, Sweats!” Hazel proclaimed, before knocking some vodka back herself.

———-

Sarah’s stomach was gurgling profusely. Having followed Cheryl back up the stairs from the basement, she had been introduced to Jackson’s Aunt Marge, his Pastor and the man who owned the local grocer. She was already overwhelmed and struggling to remember names and she hoped that Jackson would get back from hockey soon to save her from further introductions. She was also flirting with the idea of asking Cheryl where the bathroom was, but the messages from her stomach were getting intense and Sarah was worried about stinking up her hosts’ bathroom. She instead continued to ignore the urges as she shook hands with Jackson’s father, a portly balding man named Stanley.

“Well aren’t you a pretty little thing!” he chortled with a leery voice. “Jackson always keeps such fit girls around him.”

“Oh Stanley, don’t be so gross,” Cheryl chided. “I apologize for my husband, he tries to relive his glory days through Jackson.”

“His glory days…?” Sarah asked, as Stanley waddled away to go bother his neighbours by the kitchen sink.

“Yes sweetie! You wouldn’t know it but Stanley was quite the looker back in the day. He loves to brag about his conquests with the ladies,” Cheryl explained, bubbly as ever.

“That… that doesn’t bother you?”

“Of course not! Boys will be boys!”

Sarah cringed at the usage of that terminology. She hated seeing the man’s unsavoury actions being justified by his own wife, and she really hoped that Jackson would never treat her that way.

“Speaking of boys, shouldn’t Jackson be here soon?” she asked, realizing that the thirty minutes had likely passed.

“Of course sweetie! He should be back any minute now. You know he raves about you right?”

“What does he say?” Sarah asked as she was overcome by a powerful stomach cramp. The lactose was ravaging her intestines and she nearly bent double as she let out a groan. Cheryl took no notice of Sarah’s struggle.

“Oh he’s just always raved about your friendship, ever since your first year! And lately it seems like he might even have a C-R-U-S-H” Cheryl spelled out.

“R-really?” Sarah stuttered, battling the urges from her bowels in order to hear what Cheryl had to say. She knew that she should be asking for a bathroom but she didn’t want to miss this crucial insight into Jackson’s confusing feelings.

“Of course sweetie! I asked him who he’s going to take to the Business Formal in February and he said definitely you!”

“He did?!” Sarah exclaimed, overcome by excitement. “He wants to go with ME??”

“Yes sweetie, he really cares about you!”

Sarah was overwhelmed with happiness at the thought of Jackson finally showing interest. However, as her stomach gurgled again, she realized she had more pressing matters to deal with immediately. She had to poop and she had to poop badly.

“Excuse me Cheryl,” Sarah inquired shyly, “Is there any chance you could show me where the bathroom is?”

“Of course sweetie, I’ve actually been dying for a tinkle myself! I’ll come with you!”

As Cheryl led the way back to the front hall and up the front stairs, she began to talk about her own need for the bathroom. “Oooh I’m so glad you suggested this Sarah! I’ve been absolutely suffering - you know how it is when you host - and I simply haven’t wanted to excuse myself! I really need to get better at that! One day it will come back to haunt me, I’m sure.”

Sarah giggled politely but did not want to think about bathroom negligence coming back to haunt anyone. Her lactose had never made her need to poop this badly before and she was beginning to get scared that she wouldn’t make it.

“You should go first,” Sarah said to Cheryl, not wanting to stink up the bathroom before her host entered it.

“Oh sweetie, you’re a lifesaver!” Cheryl exclaimed, rushing in.

At that moment, someone turned the corner on the stairs landing and came running up, holding hockey skates and a stick.

Sarah found herself standing face to face with Jackson.

——-

April was thoroughly sloshed and very desperate to pee. Hazel and her had gone back and forth taking shots of vodka from Hazel’s flask before her friends had begun pulling out drinks themselves. Soon everyone had become thoroughly intoxicated and many had begun singing Christmas Carols at the top of their lungs and dancing around. All the dancing had allowed April to slightly conceal her desperation as she fidgeted nonstop but she was too drunk and having too much fun to take a bathroom break.

“How doesh everyone have so much alcohol?” April slurred to Hazel.

“It’s been a tradition to sneak a bunch in ever since we were in early high school. It’s way more fun than watching a Christmas movie and mingling with the adults,” Hazel replied, her face flushed red from the drunk and a slight sway to her stance.

“That’s a shmart- smart reason,” April praised, as she collapsed onto the couch.

Hazel collapsed down next to her and put her arm around her shoulder. April found herself enjoying Hazel’s drunken touch . The two of them watched as Hazel’s best friend Amber stumbled through a waltz with a boy that April couldn’t remember the name of.

“I have to piss like a racehorse,” April blurted out suddenly causing Hazel to burst into a fit of giggles.

“Has anyone ever told you it’s so funny how you have no filter?” Hazel teased.

“Oh my god I can’t believe I just said that,” the wasian girl said as she flushed red in embarrassment.

“Don’t worry girl, let’s mission to get you to the bathroom.”

“There isn’t one down here?” April asked, surprised.

“It’s being used for mating purposes,” Hazel said dramatically. “Josh and Katie are totally fucking in there.”

“Ewwww,” April groaned, making a face at her new friend.

“Don’t worry, we can go to the main floor bathroom and get some of the spiked punch while we’re up there,” the blonde replied, grabbing her hand and pulling her towards the door.

April’s bladder was way too full and she could feel it sloshing around inside her. She really hoped that the bathroom would be open or else she was going to be in serious trouble. Unfortunately for April, as they pushed through the kitchen a tall and skinny man blocked their path.

“Hazel,” he said with a firm voice. “Have you been drinking? I can smell the alcohol on you.”

Hazel’s eyes went wide with shock as April realized that this must be Hazel’s pastor.

“No Father, you probably just smell hand sanitizer,” Hazel blurted.

“Don’t try to lie to me Hazel,” he said menacingly. “I will be speaking to your parents about this.”

Hazel looked at him in surprise. “Please no Father, it’s an honest mistake!”

Grabbing her wrist, the pastor began a long rant about underage drinking and the dangers of vice. April was forced to stand there for five minutes and endure the lecture, crossing her legs back and forth the entire time. Finally the pastor let them go and Hazel dragged April towards the main floor bathroom. The girls exited the dining room, hung a left, darted between numerous strangers in the dining room and came face to face with a locked door.

“Shit, sorry April, looks like you’re gonna have to wait! I don’t envy you,” Hazel sympathized.

April’s bladder was throbbing and she started to squeeze her crotch with her left hand as she marched on the spot. Her drunk brain knew that she couldn’t wait any longer and she was beginning to feel panic ride up inside her.

Hazel looked her in her pleading eyes and could see that her new friend wasn’t faring well. “Come upstairs with me, we’ll use the upstairs bathroom before you explode!”

Grabbing the brunette by the hand she raced towards the staircase.

——

Sarah hadn’t listened to her body or acted on her best interests. Jackson had pulled her into a tight hug, dropping his hockey stick and skates instantaneously and she had swooned. He had quickly pulled her down the hall into his room where he began excitedly discussing the game of hockey he had just played on the rink. It was five minutes before Sarah could get a word in edgewise and her bowels were violently fighting her brain to push out massive logs into her white jeans.

“Listen, Jackson, I really appreciate your excitement and I’m so happy to be here but I really need to…”

“Don’t worry, I’m so happy you’re here! I was worried that you wouldn’t come and there’s been something that I’ve really been meaning to tell you,” Jackson said, cutting her off.

“What… what do you want to tell me?” Sarah gasped through her pain, but Jackson seemed to take no notice of her plight, much like his mother.

“Well Sarah… we’ve known each other a long time and I’ve always really valued our friendship. Ever since first year, I’ve really appreciated all the ways in which you’ve supported me. I always looked at you as a very close friend and I owe you an apology for the times I may have overlooked your feelings.”

“Get to the point please,” Sarah muttered under her breath.

“Over the past few months I feel like we’ve gotten to know each other a little bit better and we’ve hung out a fuckton. It made me realize that I like you as more than a friend. I want to… I want to take you out on a proper date.”

Sarah was freaking out. This was exactly the moment she had been dreaming of for years and yet she wanted nothing more than to be anywhere else. The milkshake was wreaking havoc on her bowels and she knew that she’d be shitting her pants in seconds, right in front of the boy she was hoping to be with.

“Jackson, I really appreciate you being upfront about your feelings but now really isn’t a g…” she began, only to be cut off yet again.

“I completely understand if you don’t feel the same way, I just wanted to make sure you know how I felt.”

“Of course I feel the same way!” Sarah exclaimed. “I’m just shocked you’re only coming to this realization now after pursuing Ronnie and Maddy all fall.”

“I’m sorry it took me so long to come to terms with it, I was just nervous about ruining things,” Jackson replied.

“Speaking of ruining things, I really need to…”

Sarah was cut off by Jackson quickly closing the space between them to plant his lips on hers. Sarah stumbled backwards in shock, then leaned into the kiss as jackson cupped a hand behind her head and another hand on her ass. She froze mid kiss realizing that the sudden shock had caused her to put her guard down. As she did so, a warm log slid out between her buttcheeks and hit the cloth of her underwear, tenting out her white pants. Jackson, oblivious as ever, just kept kissing her.

Sarah’s eyes went wide as she took in what was happening and she attempted to shove Jackson off of her. He pulled back, a confused expression on his face.

“What’s wrong?” he asked her, as another log slid out into her white jeans. Then, surprised, he felt a warm mushy substance against his hand that was placed on her ass.

“Are you shitting yourself?” Jackson inquired in disbelief.

Triggered by the question, Sarah immediately burst into tears.

———

Hazel pulled April by the hand towards the second floor bathroom door, before halting abruptly. The door was closed and the light was on, indicating someone inside.

“Damn,” she cursed, “luck really isn’t on your side today, eh April?”

“Fuckkkk,” April groaned drunkenly, a spurt of pee dampening her panties. “I’m going to wet myself Hazel. All the alcohol was a mistake.”

“Don’t focus on it, I’ll distract you,” Hazel said, as she banged on the bathroom door with her free hand. “Hurry up in there, someone out here really needs to pee!”

“I’ll be out in a few minutes,” a muffled feminine voice called back from within the locked room.

“I can’t wait a few minutes,” April whimpered, jumping up and down with both hands jammed deeply into her crotch.

Hazel swore under her breath and then her eyes went wide as an idea hit her. “Come to my room, I have something you can use!”

April dashed down the hall after the blonde, who hurriedly opened the door at the end. The two girls burst into a room that April could only describe as childishly feminine. The walls were painted a pale pink and covered in unicorn posters. The four poster bed in the centre was enclosed in pink silk drapes and the duvet was a darker shade of pink as well. Hazel rushed to one corner, where she plucked an empty floral vase off of a large pink dresser.

“Use this!” Hazel exclaimed, handing it to April.

“No way,” April called back through gritted teeth, as she scissored her legs together violently. “I don’t want you to see me doing that!”

“It’s better than peeing your sweats!”

April couldn’t help but admit that the blonde was right, as mortifying as it was. In one fluid motion, she tore down her sweatpants, positioned the vase below her crotch and released her grip on her bladder. A torrent of pee burst through her underwear into the vase.

Through her underwear?? FUCK!

It was too late to do anything and April simply moaned as relief overtook her, pee pouring into the floral vase. Glancing up, she caught Hazel staring at her saturated panties in surprise, but the blonde quickly looked away. After a solid thirty seconds of peeing, April’s bladder was empty and she pulled the vase away from her crotch to place on the dresser nearby.

“Um, any chance I can borrow some dry panties?” she asked Hazel, who quickly began to fish around in her dresser for a pair. April couldn’t help but notice that the blonde was blushing slightly and acting a bit flustered. What was that about?

April pulled off her pants with her back to Hazel, asking her to look away, and put on the dry panties and her sweatpants.

“I’m so sorry you had to witness that,” April said as she backed towards the door.

Hazel smiled at her and April found herself admiring the girl’s dimples. “It’s seriously fine, Sweats. I’m the one that got you drunk. It happens to the best of us.”

“I’m still mortified though, it’s never happened to me before,” April confessed, beat red with embarrassment.

Hazel stepped closer, her green eyes twinkling. “If anything, you just proved that you are capable of partying hard. I’m starting to think you’re pretty cool.”

April felt her heart fluttering in her chest. This girl was shockingly attractive.

“I think you’re pretty cool yourself,” she replied shyly.

“Well then I guess it’s a good thing you’re standing under mistletoe,” Hazel said with a smirk, before delivering a quick peck directly on April’s lips.

April stood there in shock, not quite sure how to process what had just happened. Hazel was grinning at her broadly, then grabbed her hand.

“Let’s get back to the party, we should see how your sister is holding up.”

——-

30 minutes later, April and Sarah were once again seated in Sarah’s old Toyota Corolla. Sarah’s makeup was streaked all down her face from her tears and she was now wearing a pair of Jackson’s sweatpants, emblazoned with the crest of his hometown hockey team.

“On the bright side, at least you know he likes you!” April reassured her distraught sister for the thousandth time since she and Hazel had found her sister sobbing in Jackson’s room as she waited for him to return from putting her pants in the wash.

“But how will he keep liking me?” Sarah choked out, for the thousandth time as well.

“If he really likes you, a little mishap like this won’t even phase him. You saw the way he jumped into good boyfriend mode to help you out.”

“It’s not a little mishap though! That’s not the kind of thing a guy easily forgets,” Sarah complained.

“But if he can look past it for you, you know he’s the one,” April said, gently rubbing her sister’s back. “Now let’s get heading home so Mom doesn’t freak that we are gonna miss dinner.”

*030*2023-03-23 22:11

Hi all, I wanted to update you all on the fact that I recently put out a spinoff one-shot about Jackson's mom called The Mother's Humiliating Holiday

.

With a new chapter coming tomorrow, I figured it was time for an updated character guide.

Character Guide:

54 Sherbrooke Residents:

Sarah Dalton: This wasian brunette has been going to the gym a lot and therefore has developed a nice butt and a toned body. However, she is not as attractive as much of the group causing her to be insecure. She drunkenly peed herself on Labour Day after getting rejected by her crush Jackson, who she is still pursuing despite him consistently rejecting her. Jackson finally confessed feelings at his Christmas party as Sarah shit herself in front of him.

Veronica (Ronnie): Sarah's best friend and former first year roommate towers over the group at 5 ft 11. The statuesque blonde is generally considered the hottest of the group, with the curves of a model. She is in her 4th year of the business program, majoring in Accounting, and she is currently romantically interested in Ben. As of yet, she has never had an accident.

Jules Shahir: With her Armenian and French Ancestry, Jules has been blessed with extremely unique good looks. At 5 ft 6, with a caramel skin tone and brown hair and a smattering of freckles alongside her green eyes, Jules is extremely pretty. A marketing major, she befriended Sarah and Ronnie in first year but generally her shyness keeps her from branching out. She is Victoria’s upper year mentor and she peed herself in her overalls in the woods during Frosh week. After her mentee Victoria got publicly humiliated, Jules took revenge and in doing so made herself extremely popular.

Carmen Lopez: This self-absorbed hispanic competitive dancer is considered the second most attractive girl in the group. With black hair, a well-endowed chest and an opulent style to compliment her curves, she is highly sought after. She shit herself after anal gone wrong at a house party, but was helped by Ronnie. She cares a lot about her social status and generally dislikes everyone, except Maddy, Laura (her first year roommate) and now Ronnie.Carmen also peed herself on acid in NYC.

Laura: A key striker for the University soccer team, this brunette Chem major tends to dress rather plainly and does not emphasize her looks. She is closest with Erika, her best friend and former lab partner. Carmen was her first year roommate and brought her out of her shell. Maddy made her pee her pants at a party when they were handcuffed together.

Erika O’Sullivan: This shy freckled ginger is closest with Laura, her best friend and former lab partner in the Chem program. She owns a Green Volkswagen Beetle, which she uses to go see her family. She is a mostly closeted lesbian and recently made a rejected move on Carrie. She peed herself at the Halloween Dance dressed as a Washing Machine.

Other Important Fourth Years:

Carrie Campagna: This petite Italian brunette has been friends with Ronnie since high school. When Sarah had an accident on Labour Day, she drunkenly kissed Carrie. Carrie has been in denial of those feelings. She then peed herself at a music festival in front of Sarah and Ronnie.

Maddy Dillinger: This curly haired brunette 4th year business student works as a TA for several first year courses. She is the ex-girlfriend of Victoria’s older brother, David, and on the same dance team as Carmen. She cruelly caused Victoria to have an accident during a business case and Laura to pee herself when they were handcuffed together at a party. On Halloween, she hooked up with Sarah’s crush Jackson.

First Years:

Victoria Richardson: Victoria was the most popular girl in her high school and it caused her to act vapid and shallow. In her first year of the business program, she has been assigned Jules as her mentor. During frosh week, she shit herself in the woods. Then during a business case, her friends and Maddy made her pee herself and posted it online. This crushed her confidence and caused her boyfriend to dump her. She is starting to realize she needs to surround herself with better people. Her confidence is improving due to Jules taking revenge on her behalf and humbling her bullies.

Hannah: This brunette is a manipulative leech, who uses her friends to climb the social ladder and cares about nothing other than sex and partying. She betrayed her friendship with Victoria by posting her pee accident online. She lost her popularity due to Jules’ revenge.

Bella: This chronic blonde follower has never had an original thought and just does what her popular friends tell her. She betrayed her friendship with Victoria by posting her pee accident online.She lost her popularity due to Jules’ revenge.

April Dalton: Sarah’s kid sister attends Port Henry College. She is struggling in school due to her crazy partying and she is bisexual. She has a crush on Hazel.

Hazel Gallaway: Jackson’s blonde lesbian sister.

The Boys:

Jackson Gallaway: Jackson is the popular and attractive crush of Sarah, with blonde curls and warm blue eyes. He is into Ronnie and recently made out with Maddy. Nevertheless, he hangs out with Sarah constantly and tends to lead her on. Recently though, he finally confessed feelings to Sarah.

Ben: A nerdy black student with glasses has been Ronnie’s friend since first year and they are both in denial about their feelings for one another.

*031*2023-03-24 16:20

This story was supposed to come out at New Years. It deals with Carrie finally addressing her interest in Sarah. It is the final chapter in the first part of what will be a two part series. It has no messing.

Chapter 11: New Year, New Beginnings

The snow blew around Carrie’s parents’ car as she parallel parked it on the side of Mulberry Avenue across from her older sister’s apartment building. Dressed in a gold crop top and black jeans, the petite Italian brunette was ready to party her face off for New Years.

“I can’t believe you didn’t bring a coat,” her friend Ronnie remarked from the passenger seat. The tall blonde looked splendid lounging in her leather jacket, red top and blue jeans. She had been very unprepared when Carrie had shown up to her house at the agreed time since her dinner with her parents had run long. She was now touching up her eyeliner in the sun visor mirror as last minute prep for the party.

“I don’t need a coat,” Carrie replied. “I’m going to be too drunk to feel the cold. Worst case scenario, I’ll just borrow one from some boy.”

Ronnie rolled her eyes. Carrie had been refusing to bring a coat anywhere since they were in their first year of high school. Now, nearly eight years later, it was hard for Carrie to surprise her anymore. “I’ll make fun of you when you ask to borrow my jacket later on,” she said, earning a glare from the petite brunette.

The two girls disembarked from the vehicle, the snow crunching beneath their feet, and strode towards the building. The structure was an old brick apartment building in the student ghetto near Boston College, where Carrie’s sister Bianca was completing her masters in biotechnology. Ronnie reached the door first and opened it for Carrie, who entered the foyer first. She carefully keyed in the code to call up to her sister to buzz them in and the two girls waited patiently. She really hoped there would be some cute guys at the party. She needed someone, anyone, to take her mind off of Ronnie’s roommate Sarah. After their kiss back on Labor Day, Carrie had been struggling to get the girl off her mind. But she wasn’t bi, right?

“Do you think Erika and Laura beat us here?” Carrie asked, trying to take her mind off Sarah. The question earned a shrug from Ronnie. Carrie had extended the invite to Erika and Laura as they all had been becoming closer friends through their time together in the first semester. Conveniently, the two girls also lived in the Boston area unlike their other friends from college. Erika and Laura were best friends from first year and had agreed to commute there together.

Finally, Bianca’s voice sounded over the intercom. “Come on up sis! Ronnieeee I’m so excited to see you!”

Two minutes and an elevator ride later, the girls were knocking on the door of room 636. In a flash, the door swung open revealing another petite Italian girl. Bianca squealed in delight and pulled the two girls into a tight hug. Bianca was 5’2 and even more bubbly and excitable than Carrie. Her hair was dyed a bright platinum blonde and she was dressed in a green dress that hugged her excellent figure.

“Ronnie, how’ve you been? I missed you more than Carrie,” Bianca squealed, squeezing the blonde as tightly as she could. This earned an eyeroll from Carrie who had always hated the way her sister fawned over her closest high school friend. Ronnie and Bianca stepped to the side to continue their excited conversation and Carrie found herself stepping past them into the party. As she did so, a black cat rubbed up against her left leg, purring.

“Mr Whiskers!” Carrie called excitedly, scratching her sister’s cat under the chin. She loved cats and was glad for the distraction. As she stroked the cat, a handsome dark haired young man stepped forward to take her coat and Carrie instantly recognized him as her sister’s boyfriend Fabio.

“How’ve you been?” he asked her politely and she was relieved to be able to tell him about school, if only to distract from her current annoyance with her sister.

“Carrie!”

Carrie found herself enveloped in a tight double hug from behind. Turning around, she found herself face to face with the brunette Laura and the ginger Erika, her friends from Greatwestern University.

“Thanks so much for inviting us! Everyone here is so cool!” Carrie glanced around as Laura said this and saw that Bianca’s apartment was packed with people clearly having fun. There was a table of beer pong in the dining area and a couple dozen people dancing to party music in the living room. It was only 9pm but everyone was already quite sloshed.

“The decorations are amazing too,” Erika remarked as she pointed out the golden streamers and balloons spelling out 2023. Carrie was impressed to see that her sister had gone all out this year.

“Bianca has always been one to host a good party,” Carrie admitted in admiration. “Thanks for coming guys! Let’s get drunk!”

——-

Twenty minutes later, Carrie was bracing herself for her third shot of the night. She was already starting to feel the effects of the tequila and her gold top kept sliding down her chest, threatening to reveal her nipples to the crowded apartment. She scrunched up her face in disgust as she prepared for the shot, wishing that Bianca had limes as chase.

“C’mon Carrie, don’t pussy out!” Laura was shouting from the other side of Erika. Erika, for her part, also seemed disgusted by the thought of yet another shot in quick succession. Bracing herself, Carrie cheers’d her friends and knocked it back. Suppressing the gag, she noticed that Ronnie had finally broken away from Bianca and her friends.

“Oh good, now we’re four! Let’s play some beer pong!” Carrie exclaimed.

“Carrie, they’re not just gonna let us butt the line,” Erika chastised her. “Two of us are gonna have to challenge the winners!”

Taking this into account immediately, Ronnie quickly strode over to one of the guys playing and told him that she and Carrie were up next.

“Alright,” the guy said flirtatiously, clearly impressed by Ronnie’s good looks. “But we’re going to absolutely smoke you guys. Hope you’re prepared to lose!”

“Oh I don’t lose,” Ronnie replied earnestly.

Sure enough, five minutes later the guys that Ronnie had spoken to had defeated their opponents. Ronnie and Carrie were beckoned to the table and Carrie discovered that the two guys were named Trent and The Wizard. The Wizard had a crazy look about him and refused to elaborate why that was his nickname but Trent seemed nice enough, even if he was all over Ronnie.

The game started poorly for the girls as the guys hit two cups on their first shots, earning balls back. They proceeded to hit a third shot before the girls had even had a chance to shoot themselves. Carrie was annoyed that these fratty boys were already kicking their asses and she felt herself locking into her competitive side. There was no way she was going to lose this game.

“Impressive, but this is far from over.” Ronnie echoed Carrie’s thoughts perfectly as she remarked on the boys’ early prowess.

“You wish,” The Wizard replied saucily. “We’re undefeated so far tonight.”

“The key words being ‘so far’,” Carrie challenged.

Sure enough, the girls were able to claw their way back into the game over the next 3 terms, so that the boys only had one more cup to hit while they only had 2.

“Hey, could I get a celebrity shot?” A random Asian guy stepped forward out of the crowd to ask the classic party question. Carrie smiled as Ronnie rolled her eyes, annoyed that someone would ask to shoot for her at such a crucial point in the game. On the other hand, Carrie thought the guy was kind of cute.

“You can shoot for me,” Carrie offered, winking at him. “I’m not any good under pressure.”

“Dope!” the Asian guy replied. “I’m Mark by the way.”

“Nice to meet you Mark, I’m Carrie.” Ronnie shook her head, her competitive side perturbed that Carrie was letting a total stranger attempt to help them win.

Thankfully, with a kiss on the ball for luck from Carrie, Mark hit his shot to whoops from the crowd. Ronnie gave him a nod of appreciation before lining up her own shot carefully.

“Same cup,” she called, before launching the ball into the exact cup that Mark had hit. The crowd went insane and Carrie screamed in excitement. With only two cups remaining and calling ‘same cup’ counting for three cups, the boys were now sent to double redemption. This meant that they both had to hit their next shots.

The Wizard lined his shot up and drained it with calm poise. He turned to Trent and gave him a firm pat on the back, hyping him up. Unfortunately for Trent this wasn’t enough to seal the deal as he sent the ball ricocheting off the rim of the last cup and into the corner of the room.

The crowd once again went crazy and Ronnie pulled Carrie into a tight embrace. Mark leaned over, giving the two girls high fives as The Wizard and Trent came around to shake their hands. Carrie laughed at the gloating look on Ronnie’s face as the tall blonde congratulated them on their efforts.

“Can I pour you a shot?” Mark asked Carrie, grabbing her hand and pulling her in the direction of the kitchen. Carrie agreed excitedly, noting that she should probably pop to the bathroom soon. She was already pretty drunk and alcohol always went straight through her.

Mark pulled a mickey of white rum out of the back pocket of his jeans and grabbed two shot glasses off the counter, careful to rinse them in the sink. He then poured until each glass was filled to the brim.

As her brain processed that she was about to consume more alcohol, Carrie felt her bladder spasm in protest. She was beginning to realize she’d need a bathroom break soon if she was going to keep drinking. She’d have to find a way to slip away after the shot.

“So, what are we drinking to?” she asked Mark as he handed her her glass.

Raising his own in the air, he smiled at her broadly. “To our impeccable aim!” he toasted loudly.

Echoing his sentiment, Carrie knocked back the rum and immediately grimaced. This visceral reaction to the alcohol caused Mark to laugh and tease her about it. “You’re cute when you’re trying not to gag.”

Carrie felt a rush of excitement at the compliment. “I’m even cuter when I’m gagging for other reasons,” she shot back.

Mark stared at her, mouth agape, shocked by her boldness. Carrie was appalled at how forward she had been, and turned redder than a tomato.

“I’m sorry, sometimes I blurt things out.”

“Don’t worry,” he replied, stepping closer. His voice dropped to more of a hushed tone. “It’s refreshing for a girl to be the one with the overboard pickup line.”

Overboard? Carrie was mortified! Mark was leaning in, eyes closing slowly, clearly attempting to kiss her… but Carrie wanted nothing to do with it. Swerving the kiss, she pecked one on his cheek and then bolted out of the kitchen into the hallway. As she rushed around the corner, she ran directly into her sister.

In the 45 minutes since they had seen each other last, Bianca had gotten significantly more drunk and she swayed as she spoke to her sister.

“Carrie! Where have you been?”

“Literally nowhere Bianca. Why are you avoiding me?”

“I’m not avoiding you lil sis, I’ve just been mingling,” Bianca countered as she rested an arm on Carrie’s shoulder.

“Whatever, you’re never as excited to see me as you are to see my friends,” Carrie complained, turning to walk away.

“That’s not true,” Bianca complained. “I just hadn’t seen Ronnie in foreverrr. I love you sis!”

“Stop being such a bitch,” Carrie said, pushing Bianca away as she attempted to hug her.

“Is this because I haven’t been coming home much?” Bianca asked as stumbled back into the wall.

“Yeah, you always ditch me for everyone else!” Carrie felt tears welling up in her eyes and she tried to push them back down.

“I’m sorry Carrie, I’ve just been having a hard time getting along with Mom and Dad lately. You know it’s not because of you!”

Carrie finally let her older sister hug her as she collapsed into her arms, tears streaming down her face. It was an immense relief to know that her sister didn’t dislike her and she was grateful they were finally having this conversation, even if drunk. Suddenly, Bianca abruptly broke the hug apart and pushed back.

“I need to piss like a race horse,” she said to Carrie. “Let’s continue this convo in the bathroom.”

Feeling her own bladder tingle at the suggestion, Carrie agreed. Although she was extremely pee shy, which had unfortunately led to an accident in the fall, Carrie had always been able to pee in front of her sister. She looked forward to the feeling of an empty bladder as she followed Bianca down the hall.

As the two sisters arrived to the bathroom door, they found a line of a dozen people stretched down the hallway. Joining at the back, they began discussing their respective fall semesters and the fun times they’d been having as party music pounded in their ears. Standing in line, Carrie felt her need to pee worsening and she crossed one leg over the other as the conversation continued. Carrie watched in fascination as her sister slowly spiralled into a state of utter desperation. The petite blonde had started marching on the spot before progressing to a wiggle. Finally after about 8 minutes, she had begun gripping at her crotch with her left hand. Shooting Carrie a dirty look, she whispered, “Tell anyone about this and I kill you.”

Unfortunately, after ten minutes, the girls had only advanced three spots in line. Carrie wasn’t faring too well but she knew her sister was doing way worse.

“Fuck,” Bianca groaned. “I can’t hold it! Follow me!”

Dashing down the hallway, she darted towards one of the closed doors. Carrie followed at her heels, hoping to god that there was another secret bathroom in this apartment.

Bianca threw open the door, revealing a tiny cramped office. There was a desk against the far wall that was covered in stacks of paper. A bookshelf on one side of the room had a small lamp that was emitting a warm orange glow. Under the desk was Mr. Whisker’s kitty litter box which was emitting a foul odour. It clearly hadn’t been cleaned in awhile. There were also a few sets of shoes on the floor and a stack of dirty plates from meals presumably eaten late at night. All in all, the room was a thorough mess.

“Is this your office?” Carrie asked, wrinkling her nose at the smell. “How will this help?”

“Just shut up,” Bianca called in a panic as she started tossing boots off of the floor onto her desk. Reaching under the desk, she pulled out the last thing that Carrie had expected; the kitty litter box!

Sliding it into the middle of the room, Bianca was frantically dancing out of control. Reaching down, the petite blonde grabbed under the hem of her green dress and yanked it over her head, throwing it into a clump on the bookshelf. Carrie quickly averted her eyes as she realized that her sister wasn’t wearing a bra and was writhing around in nothing but her black lace panties. Her boobs were bouncing around untethered in her raw desperation.

“Don’t be a prude Carrie,” Bianca gasped, as she yanked down the panties and squatted over the litter. With a moan, a torrent of pee burst from her unshaven pussy into the sandy substance below her, emitting a loud hiss. Carrie stared at her sister’s stream transfixed, her own bladder protesting against the display as it urged her to follow Bianca’s example. Carrie jammed her own hand into her crotch and endured the sounds of the deluge. Finally, Bianca’s stream slowed to a trickle. The grey litter substance had been stained a darker shade and steam rose from where the stream was hitting.

“Holy fuck, that was way too close,” Bianca said, as she stood without wiping and yanked up her panties. “Your turn Carrie!”

“Absolutely not, that was simply foul!” Carrie exclaimed, grossed out by her sister’s behaviour. “Why would you even think of that?”

“It’s always been a decent option,” Bianca replied.

“You’ve done it before?” Carrie replied, aghast.

“Sometimes Fabio takes king poops in the evenings and I’m forced to take desperate measures. You see, this one time…”

“Whatever!” Carrie almost shouted, cutting off her sister. “I don’t want to hear about it and I’m not going to be convinced.”

“Your loss sis, just try not to pee your pants!” The nearly nude Bianca took a jab at her sister’s bladder, prompting Carrie to squeal and dodge.

As her sister began to put back on her dress, Carrie told herself that she’d be fine. Her shyness wouldn’t cause her to pee herself again like the concert in the fall. She’d be able to wait until she got to a toilet.

———-

30 minutes later, as the clock struck 11:20, Carrie was starting to worry she wouldn’t be able to wait until she could get to a toilet. Returning to the party, she had been sucked into a conversation with Laura and some of her sister’s friends and she had been unable to escape back to the long bathroom line. Never one to interrupt, she had been trying to wait it out. Unfortunately, the other people were fangirling over Laura’s soccer performance over the school year and recounting their experience watching her on TV. Carrie had started to zone out, her mind wandering to the thought of how nice it would be to drop her jeans and fill a toilet bowl with her golden fluids. She imagined the relief, the satisfaction, the sensation of the pee soaking into the crotch of her panties… wait what?

In horror, Carrie realized she had just leaked into her panties without even noticing it was happening. She needed to get to a bathroom right now.

“Laura!” Carrie whispered, tugging on her brunette friend’s sleeve. “Can we pop to the bathroom? I’m absolutely bursting!”

“Yeah sure,” Laura whispered back. “My teeth are floating too, I’ve been needing to go for like an hour. Besides, we can smoke my joint while we do it.”

Carrie was relieved that Laura was so easy to convince. The two girls made their excuses and stepped away, slipping into the hallway to check the line. It still was about 8 people long and progress looked slow.

“I’m not waiting in that,” Laura groaned. “C’mon, let’s pee outside.”

Carrie was not a big fan of this idea but she knew she didn’t have much choice. Her bladder certainly couldn’t wait until that line had moved and she didn’t want to pee her pants, even though she was heavily intoxicated.

Arm in arm, the two girls stumbled to the door and slipped on their shoes. They stepped out of the apartment and approached the elevator. After pressing the button, the elevator doors opened nearly immediately. As they got in, Carrie felt her urge suddenly increase and she grabbed at her crotch.

“Damn, you DO really have to go,” Laura remarked, crossing her own legs and unbuttoning her jeans.

“Yeah, I’ve been putting it off for ages and I definitely had too much to drink.” As if to emphasize her point, the elevator stopped abruptly and the drunken Carrie fell flat on her ass.

This set Laura off laughing, before a look of surprise came over her face and she froze.

“I just leaked,” she whimpered. “Hurry up.”

The two girls rushed across the lobby, pushed through the front doors of the building and rushed out into the cold and snowy winter air.

“Quick, around the side of the building,” Carrie called and led the way back to a secluded area. Near the back of the building, there was a big blue dumpster that held all of the residents garbage. Carrie led the way around and began dancing and fumbling with her belt as she got into the area concealed from the street by the dumpsters shape. Laura walked up behind her, fished her lighter out of her pocket and leaned against the building. Shielded from the wind, she lit her blunt with ease. In seconds, the pungent smell of marijuana hit Carrie’s nostrils as she frantically danced around.

“Fuck, Laura, I can’t get my jeans undone,” Carrie cursed. “Can you please undo my belt for me?”

“Absolutely,” Laura replied. “Here, hold my blunt. Feel free to have a hit.”

Gingerly taking the lit blunt from her fingertips, Carrie took a pull as Laura bent down and began fiddling with her belt. The smoke filled her lungs and Carrie smiled. She had missed the warm comfort of weed. Her bladder panted again for release, but Carrie continued to force herself to stand still as Laura worked at the belt.

“Geez girl, you tightened this so much,” Laura complained as she struggled to undo it. Finally, she managed to get the belt free.

“Thank fuck,” Carrie gasped, quickly passing the blunt back to Laura who took another hit. “Can you stand guard?”

“Sure!” Laura positioned herself so that Carrie was completely shielded from anyone who may walk around the dumpster towards them.

Carrie dropped her jeans and pink lace panties to her ankles, exposing her hairy muff to the cool winter air. Careful to spread her feet a good distance, she squatted down and tried to release her bladder.

“Can you hurry up and go? I really need to go too,” Laura said, crossing her legs and squirming as she continued smoking with her back to Carrie.

Carrie grimaced and tried to force the pee out. She was incredibly desperate, her urethra burning from the intense pressure, and yet she couldn’t relax. Her pee shy nature was coming back to haunt her once again.

“Hey Laura, do you mind please plugging your ears?” Laura immediately obliged, but try as she might, Carrie still couldn’t pee.

“Did you go?”

“No, I’m really pee shy,” Carrie explained. “You go first, I’ll keep watch.”

“Oh thank fuck!” Laura gasped, dropping her already unbuttoned jeans and revealing a pair of blue boyshorts. Carrie was surprised to see that there was a tiny wet spot in the crotch. Laura rapidly yanked those down as well and squatted with a loud moan.

“Holy fuckkkkk,” she gasped as pee flowed out of her, spraying onto the pavement loudly. It began to pool and flow forward, soaking the underside of Laura’s shoes. The brunette didn’t seem to notice or care.

The sound of Laura’s pee made Carrie gasp in need as she maintained her squat. The sound was increasing her need but she still couldn’t get anything to come out. She could only watch helplessly as Laura received the relief that Carrie herself desperately craved.

Finally, Laura’s stream died down to a drip and then a stop. She shook her butt to get some pee off and then pulled up her underwear and pants.

“Still can’t go?” Laura asked sympathetically.

“Nope,” Carrie replied with annoyance. “I think I’m just gonna try again in a bit. Let’s finish your blunt and then get back inside for countdown. I’ll go after.”

With that she too pulled up her pants and the two girls began to pass the blunt back and forth, enjoying the cold night air.

———

Carrie wished she’d been able to pee. They were two minutes from countdown and she was using every muscle in her body to hold back the flood as she gyrated on the dance floor that Bianca’s kitchen had become. The dancing was the only thing that was allowing her to keep control and she knew she’d have to rush to a bathroom immediately after countdown. The copious amounts of alcohol she had

Luckily, Carrie had a foolproof plan. As soon as the countdown was over and everyone was distracted by their New Years’ kiss, she would slip away and use Mr. Whisker’s kitty litter like her sister had done. She just had to wait a little over another minute and she’d be able to relax and go.

“Hey! Hey everyone! Listen up!” Bianca was standing on the coffee table in her living room, Fabio beside her, banging on a champagne flute with a butter knife. Everyone turned to see what the petite faux blonde had to say.

“Thank you all for coming tonight! There’s no other way I’d rather start off a new year. As you know, countdown is about to start! Clue your eyes to someone special and let’s do this thing!”

With that, everyone began to push their way through the crowd towards their significant others or whoever they’d been flirting with all night. Carrie stood still with her legs crossed. She just had to make it like 30 more seconds…

“10… 9…. 8….” Bianca began to shout from her elevated vantage point.

Suddenly, Carrie felt someone grab her arm. Turning in surprise, she found herself face to face with Mark, the nice Asian guy from earlier that evening.

“7… 6… 5…”

“Mark! What’s up…?”

He only smiled at her in response, stepped closer and put his arms around her waist.

“4… 3… 2… 1… HAPPY NEW YEAR!!!” Everyone screamed in excitement and blew into kazoos. People were kissing left and right. Mark pulled Carrie’s petite frame closer, bent down and kissed her.

Carrie panicked. Her plan had been delayed and Mark making a move caught her off guard. In the shock of the moment her bladder betrayed her and she felt a trickle of pee begin to hit her panties.

“Fuck!” Carrie pushed Mark away dramatically. “I’m sorry, I just really need to pee!”

She bolted from the room, pee streaming down her thighs and saturating her jeans a dark blue. She charged down the hallway, through open the door to her sister’s study and began to fumble with her belt. In horror, she realized that the belt was once again stuck!

“Fuckkkk,” Carrie groaned as she began to fully pee her pants. The dark patches that had already reached her knees now expanded down her inner calves. Pee soaked into the tops of her socks and saturated the weird grey carpet. Carrie felt herself sagging in defeat and collapsed sideways in her drunken mess, leaning against the bookshelf for support. As the urine continued to seep into the carpet, Carrie felt a lump well up in her throat. It was the cusp of 2023 and she was already starting it off on the wrong foot. As the emotions overtook her, she wanted nothing more than to leave.

Carrie threw open the door and rushed down the hallway to the front door, pee still coming out into her jeans. The flow was turning into a trickle and she was doing her best to ignore it as she rushed to put on her shoes, not even bothering to tie them.

Leaving the apartment, Carrie rushed to the stairwell instead of the elevator. As she ran down the stairs two at a time, she opened her contact list to the one person who might understand her pain. Hitting the dial button, she waited for the person to pick up. Finally, as she pushed through the door outside into the snowy lane behind the building, she heard someone pick up on the other end.

“Hello?”

“Hey Sarah, do you have a sec?”

There was a long pause on the other end of the line and Carrie felt the realization of what she had done hit her. Why was she calling Sarah? They weren’t THAT close and the other girl was likely occupied at her own New Years celebration.

“Uh… yeah, I’ve got a sec. What’s up?” Sarah finally replied. Carrie breathed a massive sigh of relief.

“Sorry, I’m really drunk. I peed myself tonight and it really upset me and I figured I’d call you to vent.”

There was another pause before Sarah awkwardly replied. “Don’t worry, it happens. You saw me pee myself drunk on Labor Day and you really helped me out. I’d love to return the favour.”

“You already returned the favour when I wet myself at the concert though,” Carrie replied through a sniffle. “I’m sorry, it was stupid of me to call.”

“No, don’t say that. I can hear that you’re upset. And besides, accidents happen. We can’t help it sometimes.” Sarah was doing her best to comfort her friend.

“I know. I just feel like I haven’t been in touch with myself lately and this shit keeps happening,” Carrie cried.

“You keep having accidents?” Sarah asked, surprised.

“No!” Carrie shot back. “I meant I keep ignoring my wants and needs.”

“Oh? Like what?”

Carrie paused, building up her courage as she sat on the curb in her dripping pants. The dampness had gotten clammy and cold and she felt disgusting. Wiping tears and snot from her face, she decided to spit it out.

“Sarah, ever since that night at the Hairy Cougars I’ve had a crush on you.”

There was a long pause, as Sarah seemed to gather her thoughts on the other end of the phone.

“Carrie, I’m flattered but… but why?”

“When you drunkenly kissed me in the car on the way home, I got really confused. I liked it, Sarah. I want to do it again.”

There was another long pause and Carrie felt her heart beating a mile a minute. Finally Sarah spoke up.

“Carrie, I’m really flattered but I’m unfortunately not into girls. I’m actually at a party with Jackson right now, and I think things are getting a bit more serious.”

Carrie started to cry softly but kept trying to force herself to stop. Why had Sarah had to mention Jackson? Fuck, she was so jealous of the man. Gaining control of the tears, she spoke again. “It’s fine, I understand. I just wanted to let you know.”

“I appreciate you telling me and I’m sorry I don’t feel the same way.” Carrie cringed as Sarah delivered the kind platitudes. “I’ll see you back at school soon and we’ll talk more then. Happy New Year Carrie.”

“Happy New Year,” Carrie whispered back, before ending the call. As soon as the caller ID disappeared, the petite brunette burst into sobs that made her whole body shake. Her pee soaked jeans were starting to get really cold but she still didn’t want to go back inside and face everyone. How had the night been such a disaster?

She sat there crying and crying until the door behind her opened with a click. Spinning around, Carrie found her tear stained face looking up at Ronnie. The tall blonde gave her a look of concern.

“I saw you leave and I figured I’d check up on you. Are you alright?” Glancing down at Carrie’s discoloured denim clad legs, she followed it up with, “Did you pee your pants?”

“I peed my pants and told Sarah I have a crush on her,” Carrie gulped through her tears.

“Oh wow, I’m sorry. I assume she didn’t reciprocate the sentiment.

Carrie shook her head, prompting Ronnie to pull her into a tight hug. Leaning in, she whispered in Carrie’s ear. “That was really brave of you.”

“I don’t feel very brave. I just want to cuddle up in bed with hot cocoa,” Carrie sniffled.

“That can be arranged. Bianca is kicking everyone out soon anyways and I can prepare our futon.”

“Thank you Ronnie,” Carrie mumbled into her friend's shoulder. “Can I please borrow your jacket in the meantime?”

Raising her eyebrow in an ‘I told you so’ look, Ronnie slid off her leather jacket and put it around the shoulders of her crying friend.

“Someday you’ll learn to listen to me,” Ronnie said with an eye roll. “But apparently this isn’t the year…”

*032*2023-04-03 02:17

Hi all! This chapter leads off the first portion of the second half of the series. It finally introduces David, Victoria's sister who broke Maddy's heart. It will also serve as a mini sequel to Chapter 10. There is no messing in it.

It's probably going to be the last chapter featuring April for awhile, so please let me know what you think of her. Is she too bratty?

Chapter 12: Taboozing and the Terrors of Mittens

“So, are any of your mentor’s friends cute?” David asked Victoria nonchalantly as he watched his little sister apply her makeup in the mirror of her dorm room.

Without looking up, Victoria immediately shot him down. “No way David, you’re not allowed to hit on them! I barely know any of them other than Jules anyways and you’re NOT going to embarrass me!”

“C’mon sis, you know I’d never embarrass you intentionally! I’m just curious!”

“David, the whole group already thinks you have terrible taste for dating Maddy Dillinger. There’s no way they’ll give you the time of day,” Victoria replied, annoyed that her brother had even felt the need to raise this topic.

David had come to visit Victoria for Frost Festival, the party tradition at the Greatwestern University that was held the first week back at school every January. The festival consisted of various drinking events for the first nine nights and was notorious for getting rowdy and reckless.

Victoria hoped to god that they wouldn’t bump into Maddy at all that week. The girl had been terrorizing her and her mentor Jules’ other friends all fall semester, even causing another girl and Victoria herself to have embarrassing pee accidents. She didn’t care for anyone’s feelings except her own and she had clung to David like a leech for their entire relationship. Victoria had grown to loath the curly brunette with every fibre of her being.

“Fine, I promise not to make things weird,” David told his sister.

This didn’t do much to alleviate Victoria’s concerns. With her brown hair in a middle part, his kind brown eyes and his soft smile, Victoria knew her brother was considered an attractive young man by many people. She just had to hope that everyone had the sense not to fall for his charms.

———-

“Hurry up, I’m freezing,” Victoria complained as she and David plodded up the driveway to 54 Sherbrooke, her mentor Jules’ student house. The blizzard that she had heard about seemed to be starting and heavy flurries were spiralling lazily around her head as she walked past the grey Toyota Corolla and green Volkswagen Beetle parked in the free spots. Their windshields had already been covered in snow and Victoria couldn’t help but wonder how much snow was truly going to come down as the night progressed. Her boots crunched through several accumulated inches. Dusting them off on the porch mat, Victoria rang the doorbell.

“Shit, we’re gonna freeze tonight,” she complained to her brother.

“I told you not to wear ripped jeans and a crop top,” David replied in exasperation, mocking her choice of outfit.

“We’re going out, I have to look cute!” Victoria explained, even as her knees and arms felt chilled beneath her coat and jeans. “You know I’m recently single!”

“Just because your dumbass ex boyfriend couldn’t handle you pissing yourself, doesn’t mean you need to suffer more.”

Victoria punched her brother in joking annoyance and then rang the doorbell again.

———-

As the doorbell rang for a second time, April Dalton looked to her sister and asked the obvious question. “You gonna get that?”

“Of course, one sec!” Sarah replied, chopping the last of the watermelon on her cutting board.

April was excited for what the night had in store. Having come up to Greatwestern earlier that day to party with her sister Sarah, April was already quite tipsy as she stood in the kitchen mixing up a big bowl of spiked punch. She was dressed in faded blue jeans and a red bralette that emphasized her small bust in a way that improved her confidence. She looked like a mini version of her pretty wasian sister with the way they had both parted their hair down the middle.

“I don’t get why we’re making spiked punch for a pre,” Jules giggled, staring into the red tinged substance in the large glass bowl. Even from two feet away, April could smell the potency of the alcohol wafting through the air. She had poured in inordinate amounts of vodka, tequila and rum despite the fact that she knew how bad it was to mix so many forms of hard liquor. To be completely honest, her risky mixing was coming from a need to overcome her recent problems. It had been really hard for April to come clean to her parents about just how bad her GPA was and the fact that she was likely going to be ejected from her program. 

She could still picture the look on her father’s face as she told him; it was one of pure disappointment. She had had to endure the cold shoulder and disappointed looks from both parents all break. Sarah had done the best to stand up for her, but they had insisted that April come look at Greatwestern during Frost Week to see if it would be a more suitable fit. April was bummed that she wouldn’t get to hang out with her friends at her own school all week, but at least Sarah’s friends seemed to be fun. If she was lucky, maybe she’d bump into the cute girl she’d met at Sarah’s boy toy’s Christmas party… she still couldn’t get Hazel out of her head.

“I plan on being thoroughly sloshed tonight, and punch will be a tool to help me get there,” April told Jules, laughing.

“Careful, last time your sister got thoroughly sloshed she pissed herself at the club,” Jules teased.

“Heyyy shut up!” Sarah protested. That was ONE TIME! Besides, the chart seems to say you’ve been there too”

April glanced at the piece of paper on the fridge that her sister was gesturing at. It had been divided into rows denoting each member of their friend group and columns with the headers “#1” and “#2”. There were marks corresponding with names and columns and April realized in shock that this was the Piddle Pants Club that her sister had mentioned to her. She’d always figured it was a joke, not something that they advertised publicly on their fridge.

Jules shrugged nonchalantly. “It helped me become close with Victoria so I can’t really complain, as embarrassing as it was.”

The doorbell rang again, echoing through the house.

“Holy shit Sarah, are you ever gonna get the door?” April asked exasperated.

“Don’t worry, I’ve got it,” Jules said cheerfully. The freckled blonde skipped out of the kitchen and down the hall to the door. “It’s probably Victoria!”

———

“My god, they’re so slow! They’re probably already drunk!” Victoria exclaimed as she froze on the welcome mat.

“Drunk? It’s like 8pm,” David replied, surprised.

“Oh, these girls party hard!” Victoria had been shocked at their ability to stomach inordinate amounts of alcohol every time she drank with them. Each party only shocked her further at how crazy they would get.

“Everything you’ve described about Jules has made her seem nerdy as shit, no offence,” David said, disbelieving.

“We’ll Jules is the most tame of them. She’s so smart and interesting!”

At that moment, the door swung open revealing Jules herself. The petite French-Armenian blonde was looking stunning in a gold open backed top and black jeans.

“Hey Jules!” Victoria exclaimed excitedly upon seeing her program mentor. “Happy New Year!”

Jules froze in the doorway, staring at David in his plaid flannel and jeans. Then, stumbling over her words, she managed to spit out an awkward, “Hey!”

“Uhhh… hi,” David replied, confused at Jules’ strange reaction.

Blushing red, Jules quickly pulled Victoria into a tight hug. As they embraced, Victoria could feel the quickness of her mentor’s heartbeat through her shirt.

“Smooth,” she whispered to Jules with a smirk.

Jules made big eyes at her and then awkwardly introduced herself to David. David shook her hand and began explaining how much he’d heard about Jules from his sister, only prompting the girl to turn so red that her freckles disappeared.

“I really appreciate you standing up to those bullies for her,” David said. “And I’m glad to see all your positive influence. Victoria used to be a real bitch.”

“Hey,” Victoria called, punching her brother on the arm and rolling her eyes.

“Hahaha, she used to be quite the princess when I met her. Too cool for me for sure!” Jules teased.

“Not anymore!” Victoria countered. “When Jules stood up for me to my fake friends, she impressed all the sorority girls. Now she’s worshipped by all the cool people at Greatwestern.”

“Damn, I wasn’t warned that I was in the presence of an influencer,” David teased. “Can I get your autograph?”

Jules blushed beet red and retorted. The group all entered the front hall of the house and began removing their boots and coats. At that moment, Sarah and another wasian girl who looked a lot like her came to the door to greet Jules and David. Victoria assumed this must be April, Sarah’s little sister who was visiting for the week.

“Hey, you must be Victoria,” the girl said confidently. “I’m April! I’m actually in first year like you!”

“Cool!” Victoria said, smiling. “We’ll have plenty to chat about then!”

The group stepped through the doorway and into the house. As they passed each other, Jules grabbed Victoria by the arm and held her behind everyone else. In a hushed tone, Jules hissed “You didn’t tell me your brother was so cute!”

“He’s my brother! Ew!” Victoria whispered back.

“It caught me off guard,” Jules retorted with a blush. She then followed everyone else towards the living room leaving Victoria smirking in the front hall.

As the snow kept spiralling down outside, Victoria couldn’t help but feel like this was going to be a very interesting night.

———

An hour later, April was thoroughly tipsy. The jungle juice was just as potent as she’d hoped and she was loving every moment of it. Sarah’s roommates Carmen, Laura, Ronnie and Erika had trudged out in the blizzard to go pre at Carrie’s while April herself, Sarah, Jules, Victoria and David stayed back awaiting Jackson’s arrival. Jackson and Sarah were finally talking seriously and April was actually excited to see him, even if it was only so that she might bump into Hazel, his cute sister.

As they waited for Jackson to make his appearance, the group was playing a variety of drinking games. April had lost thoroughly at Never Have I Ever and Ride the Bus and the alcohol had her head spinning as she sat next to her sister on the couch.

“Jackson says the snow is getting really bad out there,” Sarah said as she pointed out the living room window. “Apparently Brock’s party might get canceled.”

“Fuck,” David groaned. “It can’t be that bad, can it? I don’t want to get snowed in.”

“It doesn’t look like it will be stopping anytime soon,” Sarah replied.

Jules whipped out her phone and checked the weather app. “It looks like it’s going to keep coming down until tomorrow at 11am. We’re projected to get around 11 inches.”

“11 inches?! That’s like the most ever!” Victoria was shocked by her mentor’s words. “Surely that’s gotta be a mistake.”

“Looks like we’re gonna end up stuck drinking here,” Sarah said in a disappointed tone. “I’m sorry April, I really wanted to show you a good time tonight.”

“Don’t worry sis, I’m having a blast,” April reassured her sister. “Besides, I’d be so down to go out into the storm.”

“Out into the storm? Are you crazy?” Sarah asked, surprised at her sister’s brash idea.

“Yeah, we could go Taboozing,” April suggested. The idea provoked some confused looks from the girls.

“Holy shit, I haven’t done that since high school,” David said excitedly.

“What even is Taboozing?” Jules asked.

“It’s drunk tobogganing,” April explained.

“That sounds really dangerous,” Jules replied, her arms crossed over each other.

“Nahhhh it’s fun,” David reassured her. “We’ll be safe.”

“Fine,” Jules found herself agreeing. David seemed to have a way of convincing herself to be a bit more reckless than usual, and April noticed Victoria smirking at her mentor’s acquiescence.

April smiled, satisfied that she had convinced everyone to undertake an adventure in the blizzard. She had seen a pretty good hill on her way driving into town with her sister and was already fantasizing about the wind blowing in her hair as she sledded down. She planned on getting a bit more drunk and then hitting the slopes in a very sloppy state.

As her head swam from the copious amounts of jungle juice in her system, her bladder reminded her that she should definitely visit a toilet before they headed out.

———-

As the group trudged through the deep snow in their winter gear, Victoria began to regret her decision to not use the bathroom before leaving. April’s potent jungle juice was sloshing around in her overfilled bladder as they began to climb the hill in the centre of the park down the street from the house. Bundled into her purple snowpants and matching purple winter jacket and mittens, her boots crunched through the soft powder as the plastic sled dragged behind her. She hoped she could hold it until she got back, since the thought of dropping her snowpants, jeans and underwear to yellow a snowbank sounded like a horrible way to freeze her ass off.

Ahead of Victoria, Jules and her brother were deep in conversation about some political topic that didn’t interest her in the slightest. She was glad they were getting along but she hated the fact that Jules was clearly very into her brother. David always had that effect on girls and Victoria had grown to loathe the way he lead them on. She was going to kill him if he did the same to Jules.

“Damn, the two pairs of lovebirds are making me sick,” April announced as she trudged up beside Victoria. Glancing behind her Victoria saw that Sarah and Jackson, who had finally arrived, were holding hands as they each dragged a sled through the snow.

“Guess we’re gonna have to stick together,” Victoria told the drunk brunette. April was clad in a red winter jacket, black snowpants and a white tuque. Her big black wool mittens covered her hands and made her look a little bit like an awkward panda.

“Don’t worry, we’ll be the ultimate dynamic duo. I think we’re both the perfect level of drunk for Taboozing.” April was growing on Victoria. Victoria appreciated the girl’s blunt, no nonsense nature. She was always down for fun and not afraid of speaking her mind, and Victoria had been very impressed by how well she got along with so many people older than her. All the fourth years took her just as seriously as they took their peers.

“When we get to the top of the hill, let’s ditch these guys so they can get it on. I want to catch some real air,” April suggested to Victoria.

“OMG, we should pile up snow and make a jump,” Victoria agreed. She’d done it many times before with her brother in their childhood. Even though they didn’t have a shovel, it’d still be possible to achieve.

As they plodded their way up the hill in the centre of the park, Victoria couldn’t help but pause periodically to squeeze her legs together. Her need to pee was increasing to a level of discomfort and she was hoping that April wouldn’t notice her immature fidgeting. After her two pee accidents in the fall, Victoria had grown incredibly fearful of her bladder. For a time, she had even started wearing diapers when her confidence was at its lowest. In recent months though, thanks to Jules’ incredible support, her confidence had returned and she had gone back to no longer wearing diapers. There was still a level of fear that she just couldn’t dismiss and the thought of an accident haunted her every time she got an urge.

“You okay?” April asked, looking back at the stationary blonde. Her momentary distraction caused her to stumble and Victoria couldn’t help but smile at April’s obvious drunkenness.

“I’m fine,” Victoria assured her. “I just kind of need to pee.”

“Me toooo,” April giggled, crossing her legs dramatically. “I totally forgot to go before we left. I’m gonna have to squat at some point.”

“Ew, I hate peeing outdoors. I’m definitely holding it until we’re back.”

“Why would you pick an unnecessary battle when you could just go?” April teased her new friend, perplexed at her logic. “I’m gonna go squat after we build this jump.”

Looking up the hill, Victoria saw that the rest of the group wasn’t paying them any attention as they continued upward. Analyzing the slope of the hill and the distance from the top, she thought that this would honestly be a good spot for a jump. “Let’s build it right here April, and then I’ll cover for you while you squat.”

“Only if you squat with me girly,” April replied earnestly. “I’m not letting you wet yourself again.”

“How do you know I’ve wet myself before,” Victoria asked, taken aback. Was April going to bully her like everyone else?

“Oh I just saw the Piddle Pants Club thing on my sister’s fridge. You had two marks for accidents. Don’t worry, it happens to the best of us!”

“It’s happened to you too?” Victoria asked, surprised that the brunette would admit to something so embarrassing.

“Not fully. Can I swear you to secrecy?” April asked, as she leaned against Victoria and crossed her legs in her tipsy state.

“Of course,” the blonde promised, setting down her toboggan in preparation for constructing the ramp. She did her best to support the off balance girl as she began to elaborate.

“I had to go really badly when I was drunk at a Christmas Party back in December but all the bathrooms were taken!” Then in a conspiratorial whisper, April added, “I literally haven’t told anyone this so you cannot utter a word to ANYONE!”

Victoria was flattered that April trusted her this match after only knowing each other a couple hours.

“Anyways, I was hanging out with this really cute girl that I wanted to impress… Jackson’s little sister actually,” April continued.

“Oh, do you bat for both teams?” Victoria asked curiously.

“Yessss bi baddies represent!” April replied excitedly. “Do you?”

“Nope, I’m straight as a laser beam unfortunately.”

“Haha men do suck,” April commiserated. “Yeah so then I had to pee and there was no bathroom and I ended up peeing in a vase in front of this cute girl after totally soaking my underwear. Totally humiliating.”

“OMG girly, I’m so sorry that happened to you. Did it ruin your shot with the baddie?”

“No, she actually kissed me,” April replied giddily. Victoria couldn’t help but notice that the girl was now aggressively crossing and uncrossing her legs. “But she’s a terrible texter so I don’t think it’s going to go anywhere. She goes to school here though so I’m debating hitting her up while I’m in town.”

“Hit her up!” Victoria immediately encouraged. “What could go wrong?”

“She could think I’m crazy for obsessing over her for a month.”

“Girl, she kissed you after you peed in a vase. She clearly has no concept of weird,” Victoria reassured her teasingly.

“Shut up Ms Piddle Pants Club,” April giggled, then aggressively groped her crotch with a mittened hand. “Fuck, I need to pee so badly. Can we postpone making this ramp and sled down the hill to that grove of bushes so I can go?”

“Of course,” Victoria agreed, concerned that her new friend may actually be on the brink of an accident. She had to go quite badly by now, but she pushed the thought to the back of her mind as she picked up her toboggan and began to climb on. “Let’s get you down there right now!”

————-

April had waited too long to find a bathroom and was now reaping the consequences. As Victoria readied the sled for their descent to a secluded spot where they could be in private, April began to drunkenly pee in her clothes. The initial spurt was warm and damp in the gusset of her satin panties. The second spurt was slightly longer and she knew that it had probably made it through to her jeans. Luckily none of this was visible beneath her snow pants but she was alarmed at the speed with which her drunk bladder was betraying her AGAIN.

“Come on, hop on!” Victoria called, seating herself at the back of the sled and patting the front of the bright green plastic. “You look like you’re going to explode.”

April grimaced at the comment, her crotch of her blue jeans warm with sticky pee. She was grateful that Victoria was unaware just how bad things were getting. Waddling over the sled, she plunked herself down between Victoria’s spread legs and jammed her left hand back into her crotch, shivering in the cold. Her bladder was drawing all her body heat and her appendages were numb from the frigid air.

“Let’s get you to a nice bush,” Victoria said, kicking off and setting the toboggan in motion. The green plastic slid easily over the snow and soon the girls were careening down the hill. As they whipped through the falling snow, April could make out her sister whooping from above in excitement at their descent.

“Lean left or we’re gonna hit that tree!” Victoria yelled over the rushing air.

Glancing ahead at their path, April saw a massive fir tree looming. The two girls were heading straight for it with blistering speed, and April felt her stomach do a somersault.

“If I lean I’m going to explode,” she wailed back. Her bladder was pulsating in desperation and she knew any sudden movement would make her completely lose the battle.

“You’ve gotta try.”

April heard Victoria’s shout the words from behind her, and she closed her eyes. She could feel Victoria leaning behind her and she braces herself to help out her purple clad friend. With a jerk, she forced her body to lean to the left.

Immediately, April felt a jet of pee soak into her panties and down the inner thighs of her jeans. Her butt felt warm as well as the lean caused her bladder to restart its emptying. The jungle juice was begging to be released into her pants and the typhoon had begun.

Thankfully for the girls, their leaning in tandem allowed them to reorient the green sled and narrowly miss the tree. Shooting past it, they finally hit flat ground. Each bump only jostled April’s bladder more and more as the sled slid to a stop. As they finally halted in their tracks, April couldn’t help but let out a soft whimper. There was no stopping the pee as it pooled around her ass and soaked the inner material of her black snow pants.

“Hurry, get behind those bushes and pee!” Victoria called, leaping to her feet and offering April a hand. April took the hand gratefully and stumbled to her feet, knowing it was much to late. Her bladder was seconds from empty as her golden nectar snaked down her now upright legs.

April realized, glancing down at her black snow pants that she could get away with this just like last time. She could go behind the bushes and pretend to squat and Victoria would be none the wiser. No one had to know what had happened if she could change discreetly when they got back.

“Thanks for the assist,” April said as she forced a smile at the blonde and rushed into the bushes to fake pee.

———

The ride down the hill had not been kind to Victoria’s bladder. As the green sled had rattled along through the snow, Victoria had gritted her teeth as her need to pee had increased by a tenfold. Now, as April disappeared into the underbrush to relieve herself, Victoria realized she’d need to do the same. There was no way she’d make it home in time to pee.

Noting that April had darted into the bushes to the left, Victoria scrambled in and to the right. She firmly squeezed herself through her purple snow pants as she did so and she felt the alcohol begging to explode out of her.

“Fuck, please no,” she whimpered as she desperately used her free hand to push branches aside in her mad dash. She couldn’t pee herself again, it would destroy her confidence all over again.

Reaching a small open area that was well hidden from the edges of the bushes, Victoria dropped her snow pants - or at least she tried to. In a panic, the blonde began to fumble with the zipper in her mittened hands. She couldn’t seem to grab ahold of the zipper without the use of her fingers and in rising desperation she kept clawing at her crotch. As she writhed on the spot, Victoria felt a first jet of pee hit her blue lace panties beneath all her layers. She was truly on the brink of yet another accident.

Not thinking straight, Victoria’s brain told her there was only one solution remaining to her. Doing her best to remain in control, she dashed in the opposite direction in a frantic last ditch effort to get April’s help.

“April!” she cried, in a desperate bid to get the petite brunette’s attention as she stumbled through the bushes.

“What’s up? I’m not decent!”

April was standing in the snow with her snow pants, pants and underwear around her ankles as she wiped her pussy with a tissue. Victoria quickly averted her eyes even though she’d already seen everything.

“I can’t get my snow pants down and I’m about to piss myself. PLEASE please PLEASE help!” Victoria begged, dancing up and down in her many layers.

“Oh my god, of course,” April said, immediately rushing to aid the blonde without even pulling up her pants. Grabbing the front of the snow pants with her bare hands, she deftly unclasped the clasp and yanked down the zipper.

“You’re all good girly!” April smiled, taking a step back.

“Thank you thank you thank you!”

Victoria immediately yanked down the snow pants and lost control. As the purple material reached her knees, a hissing sound penetrated the air as her bladder released. Victoria could only watch as April’s mouth fell open and the front of her ripped jeans turned a dark blue. The pee cascaded down her legs in dark rivulets, steam rising from the damp denim. She felt her eyes beginning to tear up as the pee started to pool in her boots.

“Oh my god Victoria, I didn’t realize you had to go that badly,” April gently said as she stepped forward to hug the sopping girl as pee still ran down her legs.

“Me neither,” Victoria sniffled. “Please don’t tell anyone April. I was bullied so much last time.”

“Bestie what?! Why would I do you dirty and tell everyone?” April made a face and seemed to ponder something for a moment. Victoria gave her a confused look.

“Fuckkk,” April complained to no one in particular. “I can’t believe I’m about to do this, but I trust you Victoria.”

Then, reaching down, April pulled up her red satin underwear and covered up her muff once again. Victoria glanced at it and was shocked to find that it was saturated with liquid, just like she was sure her own were.

“You leaked?” she asked.

“Not quite,” April replied, blushing beet red. She then pulled up her jeans over the panties. A long dark patch of liquid was visible from the crotch straight down to her ankles.

“Oh my god, you peed yourself too?” Victoria couldn’t help but smile at the brunette’s admission.

“Yeah, that ride down the hill really did me in,” April confessed. “I pissed myself a lot and I didn’t want you to find out.”

“I completely understand,” Victoria grinned, pulling April into a hug in return for the one she had received. “Your secret is safe with me.”

Grateful for the other girl’s support, April felt better about how things were unfolding. “Let’s get back to a hot shower. We can ditch the pairs of love birds.”

“Deal,” Victoria agreed as the snow spiralled around them. “Once we’re cleaned up, I’ll help you text Jackson’s sister.”

“You know you don’t have to be so nice to me, right? I’m only here for the week and then you’ll probably never see me again.”

Victoria rolled her eyes at this statement and shook her head. “I’m not being nice for no reason, dumbass. You’re a cool person and that’s hard to come by these days. Trust me, I’ve had a lot of fake friends this year.”

“Yeah, Sarah keeps telling me you’ve been pretty badly bullied. Do you have many friends outside Jules and the gang?” April asked gently.

“Not really, I’m kind of fucked when they graduate,” Victoria smiled wistfully. “I kind of wish you went here.”

“Well… well to be honest,” April sheepishly piped up. “Can you keep another secret?”

“Of course.” Victoria had just managed to do back up her snow pants which were doing a pretty good job of concealing her accident.

“I’m kind of failing out of school right now. My grades are really low and I’m not sure if Port Henry will take me back next year,” April admitted, shifting in her wet pants. The material squelched between her legs and she made a face.

“Oh shit, I’m sorry. What are you gonna do?”

“My parents want me to look into transferring here. They feel it may be a better academic environment and I can probably transfer most of my completed credits,” the brunette explained.

Victoria smiled. “I guess there’s some silver lining. Remember this April. If you ever need a friend here, I’m just a text away.”

“Thanks Victoria, you’re really too nice to me,” April replied beaming. “But speaking of texts…”

Fishing her phone out of her snow pants pocket, she quickly drafted a text message and showed it to Victoria before hitting send. Victoria gave her nod of approval, and April smiled as she sent it off to Hazel.

Hey, I’m in town. U free tn?

Epilogue:

Jules sat at the counter in the kitchen of 54 Sherbrooke with Sarah. The blonde was still giddy that David had asked for her number before departing with Victoria. As Sarah carefully poured milk into her rue for her mac and cheese, Jules found her eyes wandering to the Piddle Pants Club chart on the fridge. To her own bemusement, she noticed that Victoria had added another dash next to her name in the pee accident column. She’d have to check to make sure the first year girl was okay, but she’d seemed in good spirits by the end of the night. Glancing down the chart, Jules noted a new name at the bottom that hasn’t been there previously; April Dalton had added herself on. Jules smirked at this addition but knew better than to tell Sarah. She didn’t want to embarrass the girl who had already gone to sleep.

Shifting in her seat, Jules felt her own distended bladder asking to be released. Hanging out with David had caused her to ignore her bodily needs and she knew that she should really be getting to a toilet soon.

Glancing up from her cooking, Sarah laughed at Jules’ movements.

“You look like you’re absolutely bursting,” Sarah teased. “We can’t go having you get another mark on the chart.”

“I’ll be fine,” Jules replied. “Although it’s crazy how Ronnie still hasn’t gotten a strike yet.”

Sarah giggled at this remark and then grew silently for a moment. Finally she spoke up. “Somehow I don’t think any of us are getting out of this year without at least one tiny mishap. I sometimes think this chart is a curse.”

“Honestly, we’ve all had way worse bathroom luck than usual,” Jules agreed. “I think it’s just because we’ve been drinking more and partying harder than usual this year.”

“We’ve gotta get it all in before we graduate,” Sarah nodded. “It just sucks that there have been consequences.”

“Let’s hope there are no more,” Jules grimaced. “I’m not sure how much longer our egos can handle this.”

With that, she got up and marched to the bathroom to relieve her overfilled bladder.

*035*2023-04-09 01:14

{{On 4/5/2023 at 4:30 PM, jippy said:

Glad I found this a long time after it started so I had plenty to binge through! Excellent job

}}

Thank you for the kind words! Glad you had plenty to get through. Always open to suggestions about where the story should go next.

{{58 minutes ago, zackh8 said:

I really like April, I'll be sad to see her go if thats the direction you take

}}

Worry not, there’s definitely more to April’s story. I just know that the next few chapters will be focused back onto the fourth years and their plot lines.

*036*2023-04-13 21:00

After Carrie’s profession of romantic interest to Sarah in Chapter 11, she was pretty upset. Also, Sarah’s paranoia about Jackson’s lack of interest stemming from Chapter 10 is definitely starting to weigh on her heavily. This chapter deals heavily with these issues.

Warning: Messing.

Chapter 13: A Tale of Broken Hearts

“Fucking shit!” Carrie Campagna swore furiously under her breath as she fidgeted on the front porch of her student house. Clad in purple leggings, a black workout bra and her black puffer coat, the petite Italian brunette had come straight from the gym. She had consumed a protein shake around lunch time and was now beginning to feel the effects. Her bowels were signalling that she desperately needed to take a shit, and to preferably do so immediately. She frantically flipped through the items in her navy blue backpack; two textbooks, a pencil case filled with writing utensils and her frisbee from ultimate practice. There was no sign of her house keys anywhere in sight. Thinking hard, Carrie realized she must have left them in her gym locker earlier that day after her work out. If no one answered the door, she’d have to walk the 15 minutes back to the campus gym and retrieve the keys before returning home.

Closing her fist in a huff, Carrie rapped five times on the red wooden door. Pausing to wait, there was still no answer after fifteen seconds. This caused her to bang again and then pull out her phone to text her housemate Angela.

Hey girly, are u home? Carrie wrote quickly. Luckily for the brunette, she got an almost instantaneous response.

Sorry queen, im meeting Colin for V day dinner. Home at 11ish. U good?

“Fuck,” Carrie swore again, squeezing her butt cheeks together as hard as she could. She quickly fired off another text. Know if anyone else is home?

Nah everyone has V Day plans, Angela reminded her.

“Well I’m fucked,” Carrie groaned, passing gas silently as she felt the log desperately trying to be released. In horror, she realized that she would need to go all the way back to the gym to get her key. Although she could use the bathroom there, the fifteen minute walk seemed incredibly daunting with the current pressure in her lower abdomen.

As another urge caused her to bend forward slightly, Carrie tried to hurriedly think of other options for bathrooms she could use nearby. As she waddled in an awkward circle on her front mat, an epiphany hit her. She knew where she could go to find relief.

———-

Sarah Dalton let out a soft moan as her fingers moved expertly over her wet mound. The wasian brunette was sprawled on the couch in the living room at 54 Sherbrooke in what her mom had always called a “Winnie the Pooh” fit - she wore only a baggy blue T shirt and was naked from the waist down. As she lay there pleasuring herself, an empty bottle of wine and a half finished tub of ice cream were strewn amongst the cushions beside her. Across from Sarah, on the TV screen, her favourite two characters from her comfort show were finally getting it on. The brunette let herself soak in the moment, her fingers moving in a circular motion between her slick lips. She had neglected to turn off any lights and her mound, unshaven in her recent self-negligence, was fully on display for anyone who may walk in.

Why was Sarah masturbating in the living room of her student house? Unfortunately for the lovesick fourth year student, she had been left alone on Valentine’s Day and her poor heart had been unable to take it. Jackson, the boy who had finally shown an interest in her after years of pining, hadn’t asked her to hang out despite the fact that they’d been hooking up for a month. Sarah could not fathom why he had made that decision but that didn’t make her any less upset about it. She had spent most of the last forty-eight hours crying about it. Thankfully, the bottle of shitty white wine that she had bought for seven dollars had helped change her mood from sad to angry and horny. Now, she lay splayed on her couch, she was finally able to forget her problems slightly.

Choosing to behave so questionably in the living room was admittedly a big risk, but Sarah knew that her housemates were all gone for the duration of the evening. Ronnie was on a date with Ben, Carmen was on a date with the hockey team captain, Jules was with David, and Erika and Laura were celebrating "Galentines". All of them certainly wouldn’t be home for at least a couple more hours and Sarah’s tipsy self was going to take advantage of the solitude. She’d never done anything this risky before, but the chance of getting caught excited her slightly.

As she moved her fingers deftly and let another moan out, Sarah closed her eyes. Valentine’s may not have worked out for her but this was a good consolation. Who needed a man anyways? Her mind drifted to her wildest sexual fantasies and she arched her back as she writhed from the pleasure.

She pictured a tall stranger choking her gently as he fucked her, his bulging cock deep inside her. She imagined him moaning her name. Within seconds, she was cumming in epic fashion, her body shuddering and shivering from the orgasm. She let out a soft shout, taking advantage of the empty house. Collapsing backwards in satisfaction, Sarah kept her fingers at work to prolong the sensation. As she slowly came down off of the high, Sarah began to notice a nagging urge to pee. Her nether regions were tingling and her bladder felt overfilled with urine, like a water balloon. The sensation was unusual as her hormones mixed with her bodily need. Sarah had not been paying attention to the copious amounts of wine gathering in her bladder and her kidneys had been working overtime to convert the grape product to urine.

Ignoring the urges from her bladder, Sarah recommenced her self-pleasuring with the hunger of desire pounding in her brain. Her pussy had become even slicker with her juices and the brunette was eager to reach a second climax while her entire body was still tingling. As she resumed her rhythm, one of the hottest scenes in the movie she adored came on the screen. Lost in the moment and wanting to soak it up even more, Sarah fumbled around for the remote amongst the pillows next to her. Grasping it in her sticky fingers, she cranked the volume and let the scene overtake her. As the two main characters kissed passionately on the screen and the score swelled, Sarah failed to hear the click of the side door opening.

————

Carrie had desperately waddled through the streets to the only nearby bathroom she could think of that she knew she could access. In the Fall, after a night at the club, she and Ronnie had stumbled back to Ronnie’s student house at 54 Sherbrooke Avenue to crash for the night. Upon arriving at the intended destination, Ronnie had realized that she didn’t have her key and the two girls were locked out. Leading Carrie around the side of the building, the tall blonde had lifted the planter next to the side door and revealed a spare key on a Snoopy fob.

This hidden key is what Carrie was set on acquiring now as she rushed up the driveway of 54 Sherbrooke. She passed a grey Toyota Corolla in the driveway that she knew belonged to her crush Sarah Dalton. Cringing inwardly, Carrie was grateful that Sarah couldn’t see her in this state as she passed gas loudly into her purple leggings. Ever since her failed confession of interest to Sarah a month and a half before, the two girls had been on awkward ground. They rarely interacted in anything more than big group settings and Carrie could tell that Sarah was uncomfortable around her. She understood the Wasian girl’s reticence since Carrie had come to accept that she was likely straight - Carrie’s advance had upset their friendship and made their past accidental kiss even more difficult for Sarah to accept.

As she farted again, Carrie found herself grabbing her round posterior and squatting slightly behind the car. The sudden motion into a natural shitting position caused Carrie to tense up. In surprise, she felt a turd begin to slide down towards the cloth of her panties and she scrambled to the planter in a panic.

The planter was made of steel and spray painted black, with an ornate floral design on the side. With a curse, Carrie kicked it over, toppling the fern inside onto the pavement. To her relief, the Snoopy fob was there and she scooped it up. Fumbling with it, she managed to unlock the door and swing it open, stepping onto the floor mat within. Carrie was on the landing midway between the main floor of the house and the basement. As she wriggled her backpack off, Carrie felt the log that she had been barely holding back begin to slide out again. Clenching all her muscles, she was unable to do anything as the log slid out into her panties. Catching sight of herself in the mirror on the wall of the landing, Carrie was horrified to see a bulge in the back of her purple leggings, revealing the chunk of poop that had broken off. Kicking off her shoes, she rushed straight up the stairs and into the hallway between the kitchen and front of the house.

Knowing the bathroom door was up the staircase directly opposite the living room, Carrie rushed towards the front of the house. As she rounded the corner, Carrie realized that the TV was on and someone was lying on the couch. Preparing to rush past them and up the stairs before they could realize her slight mishap, Carrie braced herself to bolt. Just as she was about to go through with it, she did a double take.

In front of her, lying on the couch with her eyes closed and her pants off was Sarah Dalton, her hand buried in her hairy muff.

———

“Oh my god! I’m so sorry!”

The nervous voice cut through Sarah’s bliss, as her body shook from her second orgasm. She was cumming majestically and her bladder screamed with the urge for a toilet. Eyes shooting open, she tumbled off the couch onto the floor. Desperately shoving her hands in front of her exposed crotch, the Wasian girl fruitlessly tried to cover herself. Glancing towards the entrance to the living room, Sarah was shocked to see Carrie Campagna standing there in purple leggings and a black sports bra, mouth agape.

“What the fuck are you doing here?” Sarah asked in utter confusion. “How on earth did you get in?”

“Sorry, I let myself in. I really need to use…”Carrie began.

“Ahhh,” Sarah gasped and doubled over. The surprise of Carrie’s arrival had caught her off guard and a warm spurt of pee was snaking its way down her exposed leg. A soft hiss began to become audible from her nether regions and Sarah caught Carrie staring at her with eyes as wide as dinner plates.

Grabbing a pillow from the couch, Sarah jammed it into her mound to stop the slight trickle.

“What the fuck are you doing here? How’d you get in?” Sarah screamed in embarrassment, shielding her nude lower half with the pillow.

Carrie’s upper body shook softly and she let out a sniffle. Meekly, she said, “I’m sorry, I got locked out of my house and I really needed the bathroom. This is the only place I could think of coming to.”

“Why the fuck didn’t you text anyone first?” Sarah asked angrily, using all of her pelvic muscle strength to prevent the trickle of urine down her legs.

“I wasn’t thinking straight. I’m sorry, I really need to…” A loud fart echoed out of Carrie’s posterior causing her to freeze in surprise. “Fuck, I’m not gonna make it.”

Taken aback at the petite brunette’s admission, Sarah glanced at the girl’s butt beneath her purple leggings. Sure enough, a small bulge had expanded the purple material outward hinting at a mess beneath.

In desperation, Carrie rushed up the stairs next to her. Sarah turned to follow and hurried after her with a hand in her nude crotch. She desperately needed to pee as soon as Carrie was done. Sarah watched as the petite Italian hurried across the carpeted floor, down the hall and careened into the bathroom. The time was slippery underneath her socked feet and her momentum carried her into the sink, evoking a gasp as she hit it. Sarah was close behind, nude from the waist down. She was less angry now, only feeling concern that her friend would not make it as she fidgeted from her own need to pee.

Carrie threw open the toilet and turned around, plunking herself down onto the toilet. Sarah watched as she closed her eyes, let out a gasp and the mess exploded out of her with a warm crackle. Carrie’s eyes slowly opened in surprise and she looked directly at Sarah, an expression of horror on her face.

She had forgotten to pull down her pants and panties. With a sob, the waterworks began.

“It’s okay Carrie, accidents happen,” Sarah said sympathetically as she thought back to the time where she had shit her pants in front of Jackson two months before. She had been mortified at her own lack of control and could relate to the utter helplessness that Carrie must be feeling.

“Why the fuck would this happen to me?” Carrie blurred out between sobs.

Suddenly, Sarah realized that this was twice as embarrassing for Carrie. Not only had she shit her pants but she had also done it in front of her crush, just like Sarah herself had done. Sarah still had yet to process Carrie’s feelings for her. She found it kind of strange that a drunken kiss had led to a crush but she had tried her best to be respectful when she let her down gently with rejection. She had been avoiding Carrie since returning to school this semester, unsure of how to correctly address the situation. Now she felt nothing but shame at her avoidance and wanted to pull the brunette into a warm hug.

“I’m so sorry! I know exactly how you’re feeling cuz I literally just shit myself back in December. It sucks, but no one has to know. It can be our little secret,” Sarah reassured Carrie.

Carrie simply sat on the toilet in her messy purple leggings and sobbed, tears streaming down her cheeks. Sarah squirmed back and forth, her urge to pee still not having dissipated. Not wanting to make her distraught friend move, Sarah did the only thing she could think of. With a quick hand gesture, she yanked aside the pink shower curtain and sat her bare lower half on the edge of the bathtub so that her ass hung over the drain.

“I’m sorry, I really have to go too!” With a sigh of relief, the Wasian girl began peeing full force into the tub, her stream ricocheting off the white porcelain and pooling in a yellow puddle in the base of the tub. She moaned softly and closed her eyes, letting the feelings of relief overwhelm her. This wasn’t as nice as the feeling of her multiple orgasms earlier, but it was pretty damn close. As she peed, she moved her hand to rub her clit before quickly remembering she wasn’t alone.

After nearly thirty seconds of releasing her golden ichor into the tub, Sarah’s stream turned to a soft trickle and she opened her eyes. To her surprise, she found Carrie staring at her. The Italian’s eyes were still red and puffy but she had stopped crying. Sarah realized that the look she was giving was one of pure desire.

——-

Carrie’s load squelched against her butt as she stood up from the toilet, but the petite brunette didn’t notice or care. She was focused on Sarah, sitting bare bottomed on the edge of the bathtub. Her baggy blue t-shirt was hugged against her slim frame, accentuating the curve of her boobs and hips. Carrie couldn’t help but glance below it at Sarah's unkempt bush that glistened with moisture. Every fiber of her being was filled with desire for the smiling Wasian girl in the room with her.

Sarah stood as well, and pulled Carrie into a hug.

“We should get you into a shower,” Sarah said into her shoulder as they embraced, before pulling back.

“Yeah, I feel so gross,” Carrie said wrinkling her nose.

“It really gets into every crevice,” Sarah giggled, “But a warm shower solves everything.”

“I do love warm showers. I just want to be naked and clean,” Carrie said, slightly flirtatiously. She watched carefully for Sarah’s reaction, but the girl seemed unfazed.

They were standing close now and Carrie admired the fine line of Sarah’s cute nose, her slight dimple on her right cheek and the glint in her eye. Her breath was shallow as she felt her attraction surge. Sarah was still smiling at her softly and wasn’t looking to break their locked gaze. Seizing the moment, Carrie leaned in and kissed Sarah gently, right on the lips.

To her surprise, Sarah returned the kiss shyly and Carrie couldn’t help but notice how much the girl’s lips tasted like strawberries. Encouraged by the positive reaction to the kiss, Carrie increased the force of her kisses until the two girls were sloppily making out in front of the sink. Reaching back, Carrie gently groped Sarah’s firm bare butt earning a soft sigh from the girl. Maneuvering her carefully, Carrie pushed the other brunette up against the sink and once again intensified the kissing.

Suddenly, Sarah pushed her back. “Please stop!”

“I'm sorry, I thought…” Carrie began, mortified by the sudden disruption.

“No, no, you’re fine,” Sarah said, her face flushed from the moment and an apologetic look in her eye. “I gave all the signals and I’m sorry.”

“Why are you sorry?”

“Because I’m not into girls Carrie and I don’t want this to be a thing. And yes I’m horny as fuck and want this right now, but I can’t take advantage of you like that.”

“Take advantage of me like what?” Carrie asked, holding back a fresh set of tears.

“Listen Carrie,” Sarah said with a sigh. “You like like me, which is cool and all but I can’t help but feel that continuing this make out will only make you sadder when it never happens again. I don’t want this to go anywhere serious and I don’t want to hurt you. You know I only want to be with Jackson.”

“I understand,” Carrie said, but the tears were back. Try as she might, she couldn’t hold back the feelings that were overwhelming her. “I know you won’t like me like that, but I was kind of hoping we could just let it happen and see where it goes. I can get over it, but holy fuck I want you right now.”

Sarah pondered this for a moment, turning to look at herself in the mirror. Her brown hair was disheveled from her previous masturbation and her lip was slightly swollen from Carrie’s aggressive kissing. Finally, she said “Listen Carrie, I really want you right now too... but I know it’s the wine, horniness and loneliness speaking. If you’re okay with this being a one time thing, we can…”

Carrie cut her off with a firm kiss on the lips, pushing her up against the sink again. Surprised at the girl’s eagerness, Sarah melted into the kiss and returned it with equal fervour. Carrie felt the girl grasping at the waistband of her purple leggings and wiggled her hips to help Sarah slide them down. With a soft plop, the messy leggings hit the tile.

“Let’s get you in the shower,” Sarah whispered between kisses, reaching back and twisting on the hot water. Carrie lifted off Sarah navy shirt, revealing her small perky tits to the cold air. Sarah returned the favour, peeling off Carrie’s sports bra so that they were both standing naked on the tile. Careful not to trip, Carrie maneuvered the two of them into the tub, kissing passionately all the while. Once they were thoroughly under the stream, Carrie began kissing her way down Sarah’s body. She circled Sarah’s brown nipples with her tongue before slowly progressing down to the girl's belly button until she was kneeling in the tub, warm water spraying everywhere.

“I’ve wanted this for so long,” Carrie whispered, looking up at Sarah’s smiling face. Closing her eyes, she pressed her lips to Sarah’s lower ones.

*037*2023-05-01 21:32

Erika and Laura haven’t gotten the spotlight in awhile but they’re back in this chapter and taking on an overnight fundraiser!

Chapter 14: The Fundraiser

“So Sarah and Carrie hooked up on Valentine’s Day?” Erika repeated, still in disbelief at what she was hearing. The ginger’s mouth hung open as she packed her backpack on edge of the kitchen at 54 Sherbrooke.

“Yup, all the way. Carrie ate her out in the shower. Heck, they probably fucked in your bed,” Carmen said cheekily as she lounged in her sweatpants, sitting on the edge of the counter. The Hispanic girl had on a baggy sweater with the Greatwestern University logo on the front and a pile of rolling papers sat on top of the cookbooks next to her.

“Why my bed?” Erika asked, appalled at the suggestion. She shuffled around her bag, clad in grey leggings and a blue workout top that revealed her shoulders.

“I’m just joshing,” Carmen smirked, setting down the lighter and beginning to grind her weed to roll up her blunts. “I just figured you’d be jealous.”

Carrie was annoyed by this assertion and made a face at her housemate. “Why would I be jealous? Cuz I’m a lesbian? Doesn’t mean I’m attracted to EVERY bi girl!”

“You totally have a thing for Carrie, everyone knows it,” Carmen replied with an eye roll.

“No I don’t, she’s one of my close friends,” Erika protested, her face turning as red as her hair.

“Oh you so do,” Carmen teased, her fingers expertly rolling her blunt on the hard cover of the cookbook. She made a licking motion with her tongue at the blushing ginger.

“Oh quit it Carmen!”

Turning, Erika saw her best friend Laura standing in the doorway to the kitchen clad in black leggings and a red sweater. The brunette soccer player has a backpack sling over her back and her arms were crossed like an annoyed mom.

“She doesn’t have a thing for Carrie and it’s kinda homophobic to assume she does.”

Erika loved when her best friend was all business. It was impressive how firmly she defended her friends. Despite any attraction she may have once felt for Carrie, Erika had long since gotten over it and had happily become friends with the short brunette. There were no longer any romantic feelings anymore.

“God, you’re so sensitive Laura! I was just poking fun at her,” Carmen complained.

“You can poke fun without it being mean,” Laura scowled, staring down the other girl.

“Fine, whatever. I’m sorry Erika, I didn’t mean to hurt your feelings,” Carmen huffed apologetically.

“It’s fine,” the ginger said meekly.

Carmen hopped off the counter, her rolling complete. “Alright bitches, I’m gonna go smoke this blunt. Have fun with your nerd shit!”

As the Hispanic girl exited the back door, Laura fumed under her breath. “Nerd shit? God, Carmen has been pissing me off so much lately.”

“I think she’s just been upset that she’s been doing so poorly in school,” Erika said defensively, referring to Carmen’s recent string of failed midterms. “She may have to repeat a semester.”

“That’s not an excuse to belittle your friends! She and I used to be way closer,” Laura complained.

“She’ll come around,” Erika reassured her. “Just give her time.”

“Ugh, why are you always right,” Laura sighed. “Are you all packed for tonight?”

Erika gestured to her large blue rucksack on the floor that was stuffed to the brim with items. “I packed for this fundraiser like it’s the apocalypse! None of the other teams are going to be ready for my useful items.”

Laura grinned at her best friend. “You’re always so prepared! This is going to be the best fundraiser ever!

———-

“You know you really have to stand up for yourself more.”

Erika didn’t respond as she and Laura walked down the busy street towards campus. The air was less chilly than usual, heralding the end end of February that was right around the corner.

“It’s just hard with Carmen sometimes. She’s really cool and intimidating,” Erika replied sheepishly, shifting her ruck sack higher onto her shoulder.

“Yeah, but you can’t just let her walk all over you! You need to be more confident,” Laura chided. “Speak up when you need to.”

“I’d speak up if I really needed to,” Erika said defensively. “I just wasn’t that bothered by Carmen’s comments.”

“She was being a dick to you, I know you were bothered.”

“Okay, but not enough to warrant confrontation,” the ginger explained.

Laura sighed in annoyance. “Your lack of a spine is going to come back to bite you at some point.”

“Can we please talk about something else? I don’t want to think about it anymore.”

“Fine,” Laura said. “But don’t expect my sympathy next time you don’t stand up for yourself.”

The two girls dove into a conversation about the fundraiser that evening. The event was intended to raise money for cancer research and was being held overnight in the campus athletic centre. Each participant joined a team of ten and was obligated to fundraise a minimum of 150 dollars per person. Erika had joined a team with some of Laura’s teammates from the Greatwestern varsity women’s soccer team and they had reached their goal without issue. Now, the participants were tasked with pulling an all nighter and playing games against the other teams in the fundraiser to celebrate their accomplishments and raise further cancer awareness.

Erika was nervous for what the evening had in store. She had agreed to fundraise for the event to help support Laura, whose dad had cancer, but she didn’t really know the rest of their team that well. She was hoping to be able to make some friends but she was shy and wasn’t sure what to expect from these athletes. Erika herself had never been the most coordinated and she didn’t want to be judged for her lack of skill.

———

After a ten minute walk, the two girls arrived at the campus athletic centre. The building was a large gray cement structure, with huge glass windows in front stretching up two stories. Pushing through the revolving doors, the girls were greeted by cheering volunteers from the Cancer Foundation who blowing airhorns and waving signs.

Erika smiled to herself, impressed by everyone’s enthusiasm. Following Laura, the two girls made their way down into the large gymnasium where the event was being hosted. The space was filled with hundreds of people setting up tents, stretching and eating snacks. Erika saw one girl carrying a large stack of sleeping bags, and a guy slipping into a Darth Vader mask. Everyone was in good spirits, dressed in brightly coloured athletic clothing and funny costumes. Laura led the way around the edge of the gym space and approached an area with a number of blue tents with soccer balls hastily spray painted onto the sides in black. Erika noticed that a small circle of girls in the centre of the grouping of tents were waving at her and Laura, beckoning them over.

“Come on, it’s time for you to finally meet my teammates properly,” Laura said, grabbing Erika’s hand and pulling her behind her towards the circle.

Immediately a short, athletic brunette stepped forward with an outstretched hand. As Erika shook it, she couldn’t help but admire the girl’s toned thighs and calves.

“Hi, I’m Halle!” the fit girl beamed. “You must be Erika! Laura has told us plenty about you.”

So this was Halle! Erika recalled Laura telling her about the other talented striker that played for Greatwestern’s women’s soccer team. Halle had been Laura’s biggest rival until the national championship where Laura had messed herself before winning the game. Halle had gotten over her animosity and helped her out. Ever since then, Erika knew the two of them had become amicable but she was still surprised to see her there on their fundraising team.

“Nice to meet you Halle,” Erika smiled, and then stepped back to wave at the others in the circle.

“Hey girly, I’m Naomi! We met at Greg’s party in the fall!” a black girl said as she stepped forward.

Erika nodded in recognition. “I remember you! It’s nice to see you again!”

The other two remaining girls stepped forward as well. Erika recognized the petite blonde as Ginger and the tall raven haired Asian girl as Caroline. She had met them numerous times hanging out with Laura, and they had all gotten along. Ginger was a midfielder on the quieter side while Caroline was a confident and bold defender. While their personalities might have seemed to clash on paper, Erika found that they always bounced off of each other extremely well and she thoroughly enjoyed their company. Giving each of them a hug, Erika couldn’t help but feel that the night might be a bit better than she was dreading.

———-

Four hours later, Erika was thoroughly exhausted. Having grown up playing piano, she had never put much of her efforts towards sports and her athletic ability had never been the best because of it. Her strict Irish-American parents had ensured that she’s stayed focused on music instead of dividing her attention between pursuits. This was something the ginger regretted, as she had struggled to keep up with her classmates in any sports.

As the clock on the wall ticked past 1am, Erika could feel the fatigue setting in. She and the other girls had played a variety of sports against the other teams present over the course of the evening. They had dominated at dodgeball thanks to Laura’s uncanny reflexes and Halle had led them to a crazy comeback in basketball despite her short stature. Ginger, Naomi and Caroline were all talented athletes themselves and had contributed to the team’s prowess in each activity. Erika herself had begun to feel like a waste of space. The ginger had unfortunately taking a ball to the face in their volleyball match against a group of Second Year boys dressed in an all purple colour scheme. Her ensuing bloody nose had left her even less effective in the game of kickball that followed.

Lying in the mosh pit that they had set up by throwing pillows, blankets and clothing on the floor, the team enjoyed their long awaited respite. The games were winding down for the evening and all that was left was one final event, the Cross Campus Dash. Ever since the fundraiser had been devised 14 years prior, the night was brought to an end by all the competitors racing from the Athletic Centre to the Science Library. Erika knew it was a fun event and that everyone always loved putting on glow sticks in the dark, but she was still dreading the exertion. At this point, she simply wanted two things; she wanted to pee and she wanted to sleep.

The urge to pee had come on during their first game of dodgeball and had yet to subside. Already embarrassed by her poor performance in the games, the last thing Erika wanted was to make them shorthanded by taking a bathroom break. Bracing herself for some discomfort, she had decided to endure the urge until someone else asked to go. Now, almost two hours later, Erika’s teammates were still showing no inclination of taking a bathroom break.

“My thighs are so sore,” Naomi groaned, as she kneaded her upper legs with her fists. “Who knew this fundraiser would be such a workout.”

“I know, right?” Laura replied, lounging against her jacket and a pillow. “I’m so dead and it’s barely even 1am. How are we going to do the run and hang out with everyone afterwards?”

Erika smiled at her best friend’s complaining. Laura was the most athletic person she knew, even being considered for the women’s American National Soccer Team. A few gym games weren’t actually slowing her down that much.

“Something tells me you’ll find a second wind,” Halle smirked. “Did you see who is on that team over by those green tents? It’s like all dudes from the Greatwestern men’s soccer team.”

Laura immediately sat up straighter, craning her neck to see their male counterparts. “You’re kidding!”

“Nuh uh,” Halle grinned. “And it seems like they’re also undefeated like us.”

“Fuck, we’ve gotta beat them in the race then,” Laura grimaced, a look of pure determination on her face.

Erika rolled her eyes inwardly. Laura had been obsessed with the captain of the men’s soccer team all year long, and she had talked about it endlessly to Erika at every waking moment despite never having met the dude.

“You’re telling me Bastian Thomas is participating?” she said slyly, using the captain’s name to poke fun at Laura.

“Yup,” Halle replied. “Let’s just hope he finds Laura as fine as she finds him.”

“Guys, shut up,” Laura complained, making a face of annoyance. “I just don’t want the guys’ soccer team doing better than us.”

“Whatever you say girly,” Naomi said, joining in on the teasing.

“Ugh, I hate you guys,” Laura groaned, standing up and grabbing her water bottle. “Let’s head over to the start line. I want to win this thing.”

Erika stood up slowly, feeling the pee sloshing around inside her belly. As soon as she was on her feet the need worsened, gravity pulling down on her bladder. Fighting an urge to cross her legs, Erika glanced down at her stomach and was greeted by a slightly distended bulge beneath her grey leggings. Cringing inwardly, she regretted the gatorades she had downed earlier in the evening. Looking hopefully at her teammates, none of them seemed to indicate any interest in visiting the bathroom.

I can hold it, she thought to herself as she followed everyone to the starting line.

———

“Ready! Set! Go!”

With a bang, the lady holding a large microphone fired the starting gun indicating the beginning of the race.

Erika felt her knees complaining as she began to run in the large pack of people moving away from the finish line. Laura, who had lined up at the start line with her, was already slipping away as she weaved her way through the crowd. Erika smiled at her friend’s determination to do well but she couldn’t help but wish that they could have run together. The race was only a mile and a half but Erika knew that she couldn’t keep up. Laura was in a league of her own.

As she jogged with the masses, Erika felt her bladder jostling and shaking with every step. She was already regretting not speaking up, and the agitation was making her think back to her terrible moment on Halloween where she had wet herself in her cumbersome costume. She didn’t have to go that badly at all, but the rhythmic pace of her footsteps was making the urge seem worse than it was.

Just wait like twelve minutes, her brain told her. You can finish this distance in twelve minutes and then you can pee.

Gritting her teeth and tensing her pelvic muscles, Erika did her best to focus on her pace and the ground underneath her. Running on the campus paths was okay, but the concrete was old enough that she had to be careful not to trip or roll her ankle.

The crowd of runners was stratifying and Erika knew she was somewhere near the middle of the pack. She could see many people in front of her but each time she glanced back she could see a comparative amount. Wishing she was as fast as Laura, Erika plodded onwards.

Suddenly her bladder sent a loud complaint to her brain. Passing runner after runner, she felt herself spurred on by her need to urinate. As the finish line entered her sight line, Erika realized she was running faster than usual. The ginger was bemused by her own grit that was derived from this moment of desperation, and couldn’t help but wonder if the need to pee made her a better athlete.

Finally, kicking herself into the highest gear, Erika burst forward across the finish line at a glorious speed. Whooping in delight at her strong finish, Erika found herself being mobbed by her teammates who had already finished.

“Holy shit Erika!” Laura yelled excitedly. “You got 10 minutes and 34 seconds! That’s insane! We have a chance of winning this contest!”

“I… I was that fast?” Erika panted, her face red from exertion.

“Yes! How’d you do it?” Halle asked excitedly. “Laura and I finished top ten, so now we’ve got a chance to get the points necessary to win this whole thing!”

“Oh… wow!” Erika replied, still shocked to hear how fast she’d gone. Was she really that desperate? “Do you think we can find a bath-“

“Let’s go to the podium area! We can see how we stack up against the others and see if we can calculate our scores before they announce them in the morning!” Halle suggested in excitement, cutting Erika off.

“Great idea!” Laura replied, hurrying after the petite brunette.

Not wanting to interrupt and risk annoying them, Erika dutifully followed her friends.

————

Erika checked her phone discretely, tucked into her sleeping bag on the floor of the gym. The dim glow showed a time of 2:47am. She was exhausted and desperate to pee but her teammates were still showing few signs of being ready for bed. Underneath the covers, Erika had her left hand jammed into her crotch; the last hour had been brutal on her bladder but she still wasn’t as bad off as she’d been on Halloween. This thought comforted her and she knew she could wait longer, despite the intense signals from her bladder. There still hadn’t been a good opportunity to ask everyone to go to the bathroom and she didn’t want to interrupt their gossip.

“I think Kyle Partridge is so cute,” Naomi was saying, pointing at a boy’s Instagram page on her phone. “Just look at that middle part and those eyes… dreamy.”

Erika had always hated this part of the night. As soon as her friends started talking about guys, it was hard for her to stay as interested or involved. Being into girls had always been difficult for her and she sometimes struggled to endure the long conversations about cute guys and their stupid hairstyles. Groaning from annoyance at the conversation progression and the pulsating urge from down below, she pulled a blanket closer to her chin and snuggled up as cozily as her body would allow.

“Are you okay?” Caroline whispered, noticing her odd movement in her sleeping bag.

“Yeah, I’m fine.” Erika whispered back. “Just trying to get comfortable.

For the next 30 minutes, Erika nodded along to the gossiping and smiled performatively at each boy’s description and the tale that each girl had experienced with him. Finally, as 3:30 rapidly approached, Laura yawned loudly.

“Guys, I think we should sleep soon if we’re going to be up for the closing ceremonies at 10am.”

“Fuckk, that’s early,” bemoaned Ginger, already feeling the lack of sleep. The morning was going to be miserable for the girls.

“We should probably hit the hay like now,” Halle agreed as she fluffed her pillow. “If not, we’ll regret it.”

“Can one of you turn out the flashlight?” Laura asked, already settling into her sleeping bag to doze off.

In shock, Erika realized her best friend had no intention of visiting the bathroom before going to sleep. Building up her courage, she finally forced herself to ask a question.

“Anyone want to come with me to the bathroom before we sleep?”

“I’m okay,” Laura replied. “I went earlier and I’m honestly pretty dehydrated.”

Most of the other girls echoed this sentiment or simply stated that they didn’t want to get up and go. Caroline announced that she could hold it until morning despite having a slight urge.

Not wanting to stand out, Erika decided to try and fall asleep and just go in the morning instead of doing the walk of shame in front of everyone. She knew she was being illogical but she was too shy to get up and go now, while everyone would surely notice.

Bidding her teammates goodnight, Erika rolled onto her side and began gently kneading her crotch through her leggings with her hands beneath the sleeping bag. As the murmurs of people talking slowly petered out, Erika squirmed back and forth in an attempt to fall asleep. She figured that her bladder would wake her up mid way through the night if she really had to go and she could slip to the bathroom then. After a few minutes of fidgeting, the hours of physical exertion caught up to her and her eyelids grew heavy. Before she knew it, her fatigue had overcome her urge to pee and she had fallen fast asleep.

———-

Erika was standing on the dock of her grandparents cottage in Ireland. The sky was filled with rolling grey clouds and waves lapped at the edges of the wooden planks. Glancing down at herself, the ginger realized she was dressed in a one piece swimsuit as orange as her hair; it was the one her mother had bought her for beach days the summer before. Glancing around her, Erika couldn’t make out any boats on the horizon which was unusual for the area, especially at this time of year. Looking up the hill behind her towards the cottage, she couldn’t make out the sounds of any of her siblings running around. There was something off about the day, but she couldn’t quite put her finger on what.

As she tried to ponder what was the matter, Erika was overcome by an overwhelming urge to pee. Crossing her bare legs, Erika made up her mind on what to do. Wrapping the towel next to her around her shoulders, she rushed up the hill towards the cottage.

Reaching the top, she pulled the handle of the screen door only to find it locked. Cursing under her breath, she yanked again and received the same result. Frantically, the orange clad ginger rushed around the cottage to the front door, but this entry was also prevented by a drawn bolt on the other side.

Erika’s head was in a tizzy as she was overcome with desperation. Her bladder was pulsating and a warmth was emanating from her nether regions. Wracking her brains, she pulled back a long buried memory. When she was little, she had once been desperate for a wee down by the dock and she had used her grandfather’s own fishing pail.

Rushing back in that direction, Erika’s bare feet padded through the grass of the lawn as quickly as she could propel herself. Reaching the dock, she spotted the old gray pail laying on its side near one of the corners. Tiptoeing over the wood in an effort to avoid splinters, she quickly tipped it upright and pranced around on the wood.

In a rushed motion, she yanked down her orange one piece swimsuit and exposed herself to the air. Her pink nipples on her large pale breasts met the air and hardened immediately. Her orange push between her thighs glistened in the sunlight.

“What are you doing?”

Turning in surprise at the sudden voice, Erika found herself face to face with three young women. In horror, the girl realized that these were her three most prominent crushes.

Gabby Potter, the statuesque black girl who had been in Erika’s high school shop class, was staring directly at her erect nipples. Helen Malloy, the petite blonde lab partner from Erika’s first year, was ogling her hairy muff. Most shocking of all, Taylor Swift, Erika’s celebrity crush, was peering into her soul.

Yelping in surprise, her brain unable to comprehend what these three individuals were doing present in her grandparents backyard in Ireland, Erika desperately tried to shield herself with her hands.

“Just pee in the bucket,” her bladder said in a deep voice, reminiscent of Morgan Freeman.

Erika’s bladder was pounding and she knew she truly needed to go right now, audience or not.

Positioning her naked body over the bucket, Erika began to pee. The urine poured out of her, spraying into the bucket below. It warmed her slowly, spreading down her legs and up her back.

Gabby, Helen and Taylor were laughing and pointing, but Erika didn’t care. She knew there was no way they were real, that this whole thing was probably just a dream. She sighed in relief as the pee continued to spill out of her, warming her backside.

Then she froze.

If her crushes weren’t real and this was all a dream, why did the pee feel so real??

Erika’s eyes shot open, and widened in shock as she lay in the darkness of the gym. She was still at the fundraiser, tucked into her sleeping bag in the midst of hundreds of sleeping contestants. As her grogginess cleared and her senses returned, the ginger became extremely cognizant of warm pee stretching from the base of her neck straight to her ankles. Her sleeping back was fully saturated, as were her leggings and shirt. She was laying in a puddle of her own making, marinating in her own urine.

“Fuck,” she swore softly. Laura was right, she really needed to speak up for herself more. Her passive nature had caused her to wet her sleeping bag. How on earth would she be able to hide this?

*039*2023-06-30 21:09

After a long hiatus, I am excited to announce that I have the next two chapters written! I will be posting the next one sometime this weekend.

In the meantime, I have written a short messing story following Carrie's sister Bianca who we met in the New Years chapter, Chapter 11. Feel free to check out Discovering the Kitty Litter Box

.

*040*2023-07-04 02:58

After a long hiatus, this story is back.

This chapter contains no messing.

Chapter 15: The Last Straw

Jules Shahir was grinning from ear to ear to ear as she walked David down to his car, parked in the driveway of 54 Sherbrooke Avenue. She had only known this man for just under two months and he had already won her heart in every regard. It had been weird at first when he had asked her out. She had felt a need to ask his little sister - her mentee Victoria - for permission to go on a date with him. Victoria had acquiesced, even though Jules could tell that she hated it. That was always Victoria though, too kind to Jules at her own detriment. The guilt for making Victoria feel uncomfortable quickly evaporated as David had charmed her on date after date. They had gone bowling, climbing and to several nice dinners. Finally, after weeks of build up, Jules had managed to get him in bed.

This morning, following a night of everything she had dreamed of, Jules was giddy with happiness. The crisp morning March air chilled her cheeks and nose as she strode across the porch with her hand in his. Her blonde hair was done up in a bun and she was wearing pyjama bottoms and one of David’s sweaters.

“Thanks for having me this weekend, Jules,” David beamed, and Jules couldn’t help but appreciate how cute he looked with his brown middle part. She still wasn’t over how much time the boy was putting into getting to know her and driving up from his own college to see her.

“It was my pleasure, you goof. You know I adore having you here.”

David was immensely flattered by these words. “Listen Jules, there’s something I’ve been meaning to ask you.”

“Oh, what’s up?” Jules asked, intrigued by his shyness.

“Um… I’ve been having a lot of fun with you on dates lately,” he said slowly. “And I’ve been wondering if you’d like to be my girlfriend.

Shocked and pleased by his question, Jules wrapped her arms around his torso and pulled him into a tight hug. “Of course I’d love to be your girlfriend, David!”

“Oh thank god,” he replied as he breathed a sigh of relief. Pulling her close to his chest, he leaned in and kissed her gently. Jules melted into the kiss, pressing her body up against him and returning the kiss with passion. She was radiating happiness and comfort, amazed with his kindness and beauty. After a long moment, she broke away from the kiss and leaned her head against his chest. As she faced sideways, her eyes wandered out into the street and noticed a girl walking by who was staring at them.

With a start, Jules took in who it was. With brown curly hair and steely eyes that could kill, Maddy stared Jules down with an animosity like no other. The malevolent brunette was David’s ex from his hometown and she had spent the first half of the year bullying the friend group. She had made Jules’ roommate Laura and mentee Victoria pee themselves and had had zero shame about it.

Jules raised an eyebrow back at the other girl to show that she wasn’t intimidated, but couldn’t help but feel her stomach turning over with nerves. Was Maddy going to be upset with her for dating her ex?

Jules pushed the thought from her head. She wouldn’t let thoughts of Maddy ruin her perfect moment; in fact, nothing could ruin her day.

——-

Five hours later, Jules was already missing David. As she walked to the Business Social, a networking event that was held every year to help fourth years find post-grad jobs, she couldn’t help but daydream about being back in his arms. Dressed in black pants and a matching blazer to give off an air of professionalism, Jules was not looking forward to having to have a bunch of professional conversations. Whenever David came to town to see her, she found herself totally distracted from the things that usually interested her.

As she strode across campus on the cement paths, Jules spotted Ronnie and Sarah making their way towards her. Ronnie grinned as she spotted Jules and gestured to Sarah excitedly. The tall blonde and petite wasian brunette rushed to her side immediately.

“Hey Sarah, hey Ronnie!” Jules was glad that her housemates would be able to distract her from her wandering thoughts about David.

“Hey Jules, where’ve you been?” Sarah asked.

“We were just saying that we can’t believe they’re hosting this event in the Bronson Building,” Ronnie gushed excitedly. “It has such a nice hall for this event, the sky light is incredible.”

“I agree, it’s so nice! How have your weekends been? I feel like I haven’t seen you guys in forever!” Jules replied as the trio began making their way down a branching path into the heart of campus.

“It was good, we went to a party at one of the frat’s on Saturday night. Greg Hutchins was there, do you remember him?” Sarah inquired while fixing the strap on her heel and the belt of her green dress.

“Is he the guy with the brother who plays in the NFL?”

“Yeah him,” Sarah explained. “He’s like totally in love with you. Your popularity still has everyone talking about you.”

Jules rolled her eyes. “I don’t deserve all this hype. All I did was bully some bullies.”

“Yeah but it has the men all over you! I’m low-key jealous,” Sarah sighed.

“Not worth being jealous over, I hate all the attention.”

“Jules has all the attention she needs at the moment,” Ronnie teased. “How was having David over? Bestie, you disappeared!”

Jules blushed bright red and smiled. “It was really nice. We finally did it!”

This revelation evoked gasps of shock and happiness from Sarah and Ronnie who immediately asked for details. Jules refused to give any and quickly changed the subject.

“Guess what happened this morning though.”

“Queen, stop trying to avoid the topic,” Sarah complained.

“Maddy saw me kissing David goodbye,” Jules told the two girls. “And I’m low-key worried she’s mad I’m with her ex.”

“She doesn’t have a right to be mad. Didn’t she cheat on him?” Ronnie asked.

“Oh shit, we’re totally going to see her tonight!” Sarah exclaimed in surprise. “She’s definitely going to come to this event.”

“So she’s gonna give me evil eye the whole time! Honestly I wouldn’t put it past her to say something,” Jules fretted, nervous by what Maddy would try to pull.

“Don’t worry Jules,” Ronnie said firmly. “If anything happens, we’ve got your back.”

————

Five minutes later, the three young women arrived at the Bronson Building. This newly erected structure was the pinnacle of Greatwestern University’s campus and part of a push to bring the campus into the future. The gorgeous design of the building never ceased to make Jules proud of her University as she walked through the large front doors into the vaulted lobby, its skylights allowing rays of sunlight to reflect off the white marble floors and walls.

Looking around the atrium, Jules could see many other students in business attire milling about, mingling as they waited for the event to start. She felt her stomach flutter with nerves at the thought of how many people were in attendance. She had never been a huge fan of crowds and the thought of Maddy confronting her in front of one this large terrified her.

“We should sign in,” Ronnie suggested, pointing to a table being operated by two of the business faculty employees. “We can start chatting to people once we have our name tags.”

“Good idea,” Sarah replied enthusiastically. “C’mon Jules!”

Grabbing the blonde’s hand, Sarah pulled her in the direction of the registration table. Taking charge, she gave their names to the staff and received a badge for herself and her two friends.

“Do we get drink tickets?” she asked the lady who had passed her the badges.

Raising an eyebrow, the grey haired woman passed her 6 slips of paper. In a scolding tone, she replied, “You get two each, but you better drink responsibly.”

“We will,” Sarah replied with a smirk, then she turned around and winked at her friends.

Ronnie giggled, and Jules found herself smiling in spite of her nerves.

———

30 minutes later, after two glasses of champagne from the bar, Jules was feeling a little tipsy. The event had kicked off in earnest with the Dean of the Business program giving a short speech and introducing the industry professionals to the students. Since then, Jules had been doing her best to network with the various visitors from fields she was interested in.

Luckily, while Ronnie had slipped away to go talk to an accountant at a company she had applied to for her first post-grad job, Sarah had stuck with Jules. This has helped calm Jules’ nerves slightly as Sarah bombarded whoever they were talking to with an endless slew of questions. This allowed the focus to shift off of the jittery blonde and she enjoyed flying under the radar.

“So what do you think is most important to focus on if I’m interested in digital marketing?” Sarah was asking a man in a blue suit that worked for a large fast food chain.

“God, you really do ask the most generic questions ever,” someone behind Jules blurted, cutting across the man’s response.

Turning around in surprise at the sudden rude interruption, Jules found herself face to face with Maddy.

The brunette had her face in a frown as she glared down Jules and Sarah, her right hand resting on her hip as her crazy curls bobbed behind her. Jules quickly sized Maddy up, her nerves returning instantly. Her heart dropped into her stomach and she was hit by a sudden urge to pee as she took the girl in. Maddy was a solid three inches taller than her, and she was absolutely squeezed into a tiny black cocktail dress that left very little to the imagination. The hem barely covered the bottom of her panties and Jules was amazed at the girl’s sheer body confidence.

“Sorry ma’am, you can’t just cut in like that. This young lady had an important question and I am happy to answer it,” the accountant replied, a look of surprise on his face.

“Sorry, I didn’t mean to be rude,” Maddy smiled sweetly. “I’m just teasing my good friends, isn’t that right girlies?”

Sarah glared back at her and in an attempt to get the conversation back on track she mumbled out “She was kidding.”

“Oh,” the man looked relieved, smiling slightly. “Haha, I really can’t keep up with young people’s sense of humour anymore. It’s hard to follow!”

Sarah and Jules laughed awkwardly as Maddy fake guffawed at the man’s statement.

“I didn’t mean to interrupt,” the curly brunette said sweetly, holding out a little box that was clutched in her right hand. “But I made cookies and wanted to make sure you guys got one.”

“Oh thank you!” the man exclaimed, taking one eagerly. “I love milk cookies!”

“Sorry Maddy, I’m going to have to pass. I’m lactose intolerant,” Sarah said as sweetly as she could.

Jules had no similar excuse and took one as well. Looking it over, she tentatively raised it to her lips and took a gentle bite. To her surprise, the cookie was deliciously infused with flavour and she smiled.

“Thanks Maddy, this is actually really delicious.”

“Anytime sweetie,” Maddy replied with a sly smile. “I’m a very passionate baker!”

With a flick of her curls, Maddy spun on her heel and slipped away into the crowd.

———

Jules shifted uncomfortably in her seat. An hour before, the students had been guided into the building auditorium where a panel of speakers was assembled to speak about the importance of networking. While the discussion had been insightful and the speakers had been engaging, Jules was beginning to find it harder and harder to pay attention. Ever since the 20 minute mark, the freckled blonde had been fighting off an overwhelming urge to pee. The feeling had increased out of nowhere, shooting from a dull ache to a pulsing need. Jules was surprised that her bladder hadn’t given her more warning since she normally got numerous signals when her need was increasing.

Glancing to the aisle to her left, Jules felt herself regretting the fact that she’d taken a seat in the middle of a row; she’d have to climb over Ronnie, Sarah and two strangers just to exit the auditorium. Not wanting to annoy her peers or interrupt the presentation, Jules crossed her legs for the millionth time since the presentation started, her dress pants rubbing and making an audible noise.

Hearing the noise, Sarah gave her a look before leaning closer to her ear. In a whisper, she asked “Are you all good? You’ve been really fidgety.”

“I just really have to pee,” Jules whispered back, making a face of mock disgust at her own need.

“Oh…” Sarah replied, her eyes widening. A look of genuine concern came over her face.

“It’s nothing, don’t worry,” Jules reassured her quickly in a hushed tone. Ever since the inception of the piddle pants club at the start of the school year, their friend group seemed to be cursed by a number of unfortunate bathroom mishaps. Jules had been relatively fine compared to some of the group, but even she had peed herself once in the fall. She had been doing her best not to be too superstitious about the fact that everyone’s potty training had been worse since the club had been formed, but she could see that Sarah seemed to think it was a curse.

“Girl, get up and go! We’ve had too many whacky accidents to just dismiss this stuff, I swear luck has been totally against us lately,” Sarah hissed.

Jules understood where her friend was coming from. Sarah had been hit particularly hard by a rash of accidents of some kind and she had every right to encourage Jules to be careful.

“I promise I’ll go as soon as the presentation is over,” Jules whispered back.

At that moment, Ronnie peered over from the other side of Sarah and shot the two girls an inquisitive look. “What are you two whispering about?”

“Jules has to pee, and I’m telling her to go before the piddle curse takes hold of her.”

Ronnie put her hand to her mouth to stifle a giggle. Leaning closer, she quietly teased Sarah. “You really think there’s a curse? I still haven’t peed myself, I think it’s just a problem for those of us with weak bladders.”

Faster than lightning, Sarah sent a jab into Ronnie’s side causing the tall blonde to nearly squeal audibly.

“Cool it!” Jules hissed. “We’re gonna get kicked out.”

Sheepishly, Ronnie and Sarah stopped their conversation and feud and faced back towards the stage. Giving her crotch a discrete squeeze with her left hand, Jules braced herself for the remainder of the presentation. Still unsure of where the urge had come from, she did her best to focus in on what was being said.

————

“Holy shit, that was so long!” Sarah groaned, stretching her arms out above her head in an attempt to dispel the soreness in her lower back.

“Yeah but it was worth it,” Ronnie countered. “I learned a lot of useful info that I’ll probs use at some point.”

“Whateverrrr, let’s just see if we can get any good snacks,” Sarah replied dismissively.

Shuffling behind them, Jules was absolutely bursting for the bathroom. Her crotch felt swampy underneath her dress pants and lace panties and she was sweating profusely. She had never had to pee this badly in her life, not even when she’d had her accident on the Frosh Week Trip back in September. It was as if an otherworldly force was acting on her bladder and compelling her to go pee. She needed to get to the toilet as soon as possible.

“Um guys, you go on ahead and find food. I still really need to pee,” Jules confessed.

Immediately, all of Sarah’s joking demeanour disappeared again. “Fuck sorry, I forgot girly. Are you okay?”

“Yeah… well no actually. I’ll see you guys soon,” she blurted before darting away to move into the crowd, head down.

“Jules?” someone called from in front of her.

Glancing up, Jules spotted Ralph from one of the college frats standing across from her.

“I was just telling everyone how you’re the coolest person at this fucking school!” Ralph shouted excitedly. His crowd of friends were gathering around and nodding in agreement.

“Thanks Ralph… but can I talk to you in a sec? I really need to…”

“Guys, she literally stood up to these prissy bully girls and made them have accidents like little kids! It was so badass!” Ralph continued. “She’s the coolest person that any of the sororities associate with!”

“Ralph I really…”

“Wait, you’re Jules Shahir? Girl, I heard you’re the queen bee of this school,” one of Ralph’s friends said in realization.

“I’m not that special, I just need to…”

“She’s so humble,” Ralph beamed, excited by the attention his friends were giving him for introducing him to Jules. The group was eagerly checking Jules out and she felt very exposed in her sticky underwear. She knew that if she didn’t slip away now, she was going to start to leak.

“Ralph, I’m sorry but I…”

“Jules, tell them how you…”

“HOLY FUCK!” Jules screamed, “Stop talking over me!”

Ralph was taken aback by this sudden outburst, acclimated to Jules’ usually calm and somewhat shy demeanour. His face fell and he took a step backward away from her.

“I really need the bathroom. I’ll come talk to you after,” Jules explained, feeling badly about her intense expression of frustration. Jamming a hand into her crotch and doing away with her dignity, Jules turned away from the group to rush off.

To her surprise, she found herself face to face with Maddy.

The curly brunette was grinning from ear to ear as she glanced down at the hand in Jules’ crotch. Raising an eyebrow, she lifted her hand from her side and Jules realized in horror that she was holding a microphone.

Noticing Jules’ surprise at the microphone, Maddy laughed. “Surprised? Tech access is one of the many perks of being a TA in this building.”

“Maddy… please. I’ve never done anything to you,” Jules blurted in terror, horrified that her fears for the evening were coming true in a more extreme way than she’d ever even imagined possible. Maddy was choosing to humiliate her in front of her entire program.

“Never done anything? Oh please bitch!” Maddy rolled her eyes. Then, with a flick of her finger, she switched on her microphone.

“No!” Jules gasped, tears welling in her eyes. As she panicked, a small leak spurted past her defences and wet her lace panties. She gasped and desperately tried to hold on.

“My dear fellow business baddies,” Maddy called into the microphone, projections to the whole room. She had hooked it up to the building’s speakers and everyone could here her clearly. “I’m sure you all know Jules Shahir, the so-called queen of Greatwestern. I know many of you worship the ground she walks on, that you want to be her or be with her. I’m here to burst your stupid fucking bubbles and show you the true colours of this stupid bitch.”

The crowd let out a gasp at the harsh language and Jules could see Ronnie and Sarah aggressively pushing through people in an attempt to get closer to her. As another spurt escaped her lower lips, Jules realized they weren’t going to make it to her in time.

“Jules Shahir stole my man knowing full well that we were involved,” Maddy lied. “She took the man I love because she’s a little whore who has always been jealous of me. And I never said anything, I let her be for so long but this is the last fucking straw. I won’t let her walk all over me anymore. I decided that today she gets a taste of her own medicine.”

“My own medicine?” Jules asked, her eyes blurred with tears. Her bladder was spasming and she had been forced to jam both hands into her crotch in front of everyone.

“That’s right bitch. Remember that cookie I gave you earlier? I laced it with a diuretic. You may have become immensely popular by using a similar technique for revenge, but today I’m going to use that exact same technique to humiliate you. Not as funny or cool when you’re on the receiving end, is it?”

“I didn’t do it to be cool,” Jules retorted. “I did it to stop my friend from getting bullied.”

As she said this, she nearly bent double as yet another wave of desperation wracked her body. She was seconds away from completely wetting herself and knew that she needed to extract herself immediately. She had to make a run for the bathroom.

“Oh sweetie, there’s still no excuse for it. You should never have done something like that and not expected consequences,” Maddy said with a sinister smile. Then, in a flash, she jabbed her fingers directly into Jules’ bladder.

Jules gasped in shock at the sudden pang in her abdomen. Before she could react, her bladder contracted and she began to pee in earnest.

Urine shot out of her, rapidly saturating her underwear and running in shiny streams down her dress pants. Glancing down at the white tile, Jules could only watch as a pale yellow puddle began to form.

The crowd was staring at her in shock at the display. Some people had their mouths hanging open, others had pulled out phones to record. Off to her left, one guy was even babbling about how it was impossible. Jules felt a lump forming in her throat as the tears began to stream out of her for real. Her body shuddered with a sob, spraying a thin mist of urine from between her legs.

She was still peeing, peeing more than she ever had in her life. She could feel the slick wet dress pant material against her legs and the warmth radiating from her crotch. The heat had expanded down the back of her pants and she knew that there were shiny streaks visible to everyone.

Maddy was staring at her, a look of surprise and delight on her face. Jules realized that the girl had probably never expected her plan for humiliation to actually work.

“Oh my god, she’s wetting herself!” Maddy called into her microphone, absolutely beaming. “Jules Shahir pissed—“

Wham!

Ronnie had charged out of the crowd and laid a shoulder into Maddy’s side, sending her tumbling. The statuesque blonde had her face distorted in an angry snarl as she stood over the cruel brunette. The microphone spun away as Maddy fell and slid into the crowd.

“What the fuck do you think you’re doing” Ronnie screamed at her. “Do you really think this is okay or normal?”

Maddy seemed taken aback by the words as she lay on the floor. “Bitch, this isn’t about you. Stay out of it!”

“You made this about me when you decided to publicly embarrass my friend,” Ronnie replied icily. “And this isn’t the first time you’ve targeted someone I care about. You’re a bully Maddy and I’m not going to let you keep getting away with this.”

“It’s not my fault your friends have such weak bladders,” Maddy retorted, standing back up and brushing herself off. “Besides, they’ve all deserved what’s coming to them.”

“No they didn’t. You’re a sad little girl who can’t handle her own insecurities,” Ronnie spat back. Jules had never seen the blonde this angry before. Sarah was also on the scene and she began to help Jules up, a look of sympathy on her face.

“Oh please, you’re just like your stupid friends. You all should be put back into diapers until you learn to control yourselves,” Maddy chided.

Ronnie was having none of it. “Oh please, it’s not like you’re some kind of bladder god. Sometimes accidents happen and you can’t shame people for it. Someday it’ll happen to you too.”

The crowd gasped at Ronnie’s audacity and Jules was surprised to see that they seemed to be taking Ronnie’s side.

“No it won’t!” Maddy seethed. “I’ve got bladder control unlike you and your friends. I could hold it way longer than you if I had to!”

“Prove it then!” Ronnie challenged, glaring at the brunette.

“You’re on!” Maddy spat. “Set a time and place and I’ll destroy you.”

The crowd began to whoop and cheer at the challenge. Jules didn’t understand mob mentality or why everyone was so excited by this dispute but it certainly was different than anything they’d probably ever seen.

Maddy threw up her middle finger in Ronnie’s face before charging off towards the exit. The crowd parted for her as she pushed through. As she made her way through the exit, she turned around and called back, “You’re going to fucking lose Veronica!”

Shuffling in her drenched dress pants, Jules made her way to Ronnie’s side. Ronnie pulled her into a side hug and Jules couldn’t help but smile.

“Thanks for standing up for me,” Jules whispered to her tall friend.

“Of course Jules. That bitch is going to pay,” Ronnie replied coldly. “I’m going to ensure that she never has the balls to bother us again!”

*042*2023-07-06 21:49

{{On 7/5/2023 at 4:10 PM, Spambulance said:

This is the best ongoing series on the site at the moment.

}}

Thanks for the kind words! Please let me know if there’s anything you’re interested in seeing.

*045*2023-07-17 02:13

{{On 7/8/2023 at 7:33 PM, asdiddd said:

Will Ronnie pee herself?

}}

Guess you're going to have to read the upcoming chapters 😉

{{On 7/9/2023 at 1:19 PM, Spambulance said:

My favourites are the messing accidents, so I'm always happy to see those chapters- particularly about any of the girls who've not done that yet, but honestly, you're killing it already without pandering to me or anyone else.

}}

There will certainly be more messing to come!

*048*2023-07-20 17:57

I’ve been really bad at this whole posting consistently thing.

This chapter deals with the aftermath of last chapter. Will Maddy finally get what’s coming to her? Or will Ronnie finally pee herself?

NO MESSING in this chapter.

Chapter 16: The Showdown

Ronnie waded through the crowd at the Hairy Cougar, a vodka cran in each hand. The club was packed to the gills and the music was pounding, the bass reverberating and echoing through the tall blonde’s ears. At 5’11, she towered over most of the crowd, which made it much easier to spot her friends. As she moved to head towards them, she was jostled by a guy in a trucker hat and her drink in her right hand spilled over and nearly splashed onto her outfit, a white lacy bralette and blue jeans.

Ronnie still didn’t understand why Maddy had picked this venue as the location of their showdown. After Maddy had humiliated Jules a week prior by making her pee herself at a school business conference, Ronnie had found herself filled with fury. In a moment of pure emotion, she had challenged Maddy to a bladder showdown, to avenge her three friends that Maddy had humiliated through accidents over the course of the school year. Victoria, Laura and Jules had all peed themselves at Maddy’s mercy and that was not something Ronnie would stand for. Having never had an accident herself, she strongly believed she could defeat the curly haired brunette in a holding contest.

Her bladder had always been bigger than average and she had been confused how so many of her friends could wet themselves by accident. She had initially believed that Sarah’s Labor Day accident had been a one time mishap, but the ranks of the Piddle Pants Club had grown significantly over the course of the semester and a half that had followed. Despite entering into this contest, Ronnie herself had zero plans on joining the chart on her fridge in her kitchen. She wasn’t going to ever wet herself, no matter how dire the situation.

Reaching her friends on one side of the club, Ronnie heard her best friend Sarah shouting to her over the music.

“I can’t believe you challenged Maddy to a pee holding contest,” the Wasian brunette said for the millionth time that week. “I never realized you were so brash.”

“Ronnie has always been brash,” Jules asserted loudly, her voice audible over the club music. “Do you not remember when she fought that bouncer for you on Labor Day?”

“That black eye I got was a cute look,” Ronnie joked back. “But I seriously don’t think this was that brash.”

Both of her friends looked at her disbelievingly, but Ronnie could tell that Sarah was moved by her best friend’s protective actions. “We appreciate you, mama bear, but you really don’t have to do this.”

“I’m already committed,” Ronnie replied stoically. “Where are the rest of the girls anyways? Have they spotted Maddy yet?”

As if summoned, Erika, Laura, Victoria and Carmen pushed their way back through the crowd. Ronnie noted that they were all in black club outfits and couldn’t help but feel like they were mourning her downfall. Did her friends really have such little faith in her? Realizing she was overthinking, Ronnie pushed the negative thoughts from her mind. She needed to stay confident if she was going to defeat Maddy.

“What’s the news?” Sarah asked the girls curiously as soon as they were within earshot.

“She just arrived,” Laura said conspiratorially. “She’s with a whole group of her friends and she’s looking smug as fuck.”

“I don’t get why she picked this as a venue. It’s going to be impossible to hear each other speak,” Erika yelled over the music, her ginger hair swaying as she shook her head in confusion.

“I think she’s trying to pick a public setting to better embarrass Ronnie,” Sarah explained.

“That doesn’t make any sense,” Carmen interjected, some slight condescension in her tone. “It’s way too busy and loud for anyone to spare Ronnie a second glance. If she pisses herself, she can just slip away in the crowd. It’s almost the opposite of public.”

“I’m not going to piss myself anyways,” Ronnie replied confidently. “We seriously have nothing to worry about.”

Laura did not seem relieved by this statement. “I’m just worried that she has a trick up her sleeve to humiliate you, Ronnie. She literally just gave Jules a diuretic last week. She’s not afraid to play dirty and she wants to win this bet.”

“What were the terms of the bet?” Carmen asked, having been out of the loop. Ronnie hadn’t talked much about the agreement to anyone other than Sarah and Jules.

“If I win, she leaves us the fuck alone forever and has to live with the shame of pissing herself,” Ronnie explained.

“And if she wins?” Carmen asked, raising an eyebrow.

“Doesn’t matter, won’t happen.”

“Come on Ronnie, what’d you agree to?” Laura, Victoria and Erika wanted to know too and they nodded along to Carmen’s question.

“Ugh fine,” Ronnie finally conceded, taking a sip of one of her vodka crans. “I said if I piss myself, I’ll run naked from the Athletic Centre to the Engineering Building.

Erika, Victoria and Laura stared at her aghast. Carmen only smirked in admiration at Ronnie’s ballsiness.

“That’s like almost a mile!” Erika exclaimed. “You can’t possibly have meant it.”

“It had to be good enough of an offer that Maddy would be willing to risk humiliation,” Ronnie said defensively.

“Yeah but you know she’s going to play dirty Ronnie! She could have even gotten a bartender to give you a diuretic,” Laura exclaimed.

“Doesn’t matter,” Ronnie retorted. “I’ve never had an accident and I don’t plan on having one today.”

In her head, she couldn’t help but worry slightly about the possibility of the bouncer slipping her a diuretic. Brushing the suggestion aside, she reasoned that no bartender would be stupid enough to risk their job for Maddy’s childish game.

Glancing at her friends, Ronnie could feel the tension in the air. Victoria was nervously twirling her hair, Laura was fidgeting with a strap of her shirt and Jules had a distant look on her eyes. They were all still traumatized by Maddy’s previous actions and Ronnie knew that they were terrified for her.

Steeling herself, Ronnie knocked back both of her vodka crans in successive gulps. The bitter taste caused her to grimace but she needed the alcohol in her system as soon as possible to help with her nerves.

“Oh my god! She’s here!” Victoria exclaimed suddenly, breaking Ronnie’s reverie. Glancing towards where Victoria was pointing, Ronnie could make out the curly haired brunette pushing her way through the crowd followed by her posse. She was dressed in a revealing pink corset and white jeans that hugged her large ass, and Ronnie couldn’t help but be awed by the fact that Maddy had the confidence to wear white to a pee holding contest.

Maddy and her posse made their way directly over to Ronnie and her friends. Upon her arrival, Maddy stepped in close so that Ronnie could hear her over the pounding music and spoke crisply.

“Good to see you Veronica,” she spat, before jumping straight to the chase. “How do you want to do this?”

Ronnie felt her bladder pulse from the nerves, even as she towered over Maddy. In the most confident tone she could muster, she replied with the answer she’d been thinking up all week.

“Let’s empty our bladders now before we start, to even the playing field. We can assign one person from each of our friend groups to be the judge together to ensure that no one cheats. They’ll be in charge of making sure that we consume the same amount of drinks.”

“Seems fair,” Maddy replied with a shrug. “I only have one request. After the fifth drink, let’s take this outside.”

Ronnie was surprised by the unusual request and wracked her brains for what kind of loophole or advantage this would give Maddy. Nothing came to mind, so with a confident smile she acquiesced.

“Great!” Maddy replied. “I nominate Marianne to be my judge representative.”

A tall, stern looking brunette stepped forward. Her hair was pulled back in a tight ponytail that made the skin on her face seem like it was being stretched. She had a resting bitch face, and Ronnie found herself glaring the girl down as a force of habit.

“Who is your representative, Veronica?” Marianne asked, shooting a look of derision at Ronnie’s friends.

Ronnie pondered for a moment. Sarah and Jules were too invested in this and would be much too emotional to remain an unbiased judge. She still needed someone willing to forcefully stand up for her if Maddy tried any funny business though, so Erika was off the table. Laura and Victoria were definitely options, but as two of Maddy’s previous victims they may be too emotional as well. That left Carmen, and Ronnie was surprised by the fact that she was even considering the option.

Even though she and Carmen had grown closer ever since the Hispanic girl had shit herself at their house party in the fall after anal gone wrong, Ronnie still wasn’t sure how much Carmen actually liked her. Carmen’s demeanour generally fluctuated between bitchy and ambivalent, with very little regard for others. Worst of all, Carmen was also friends with Maddy from their competitive dancing club. She was truly the perfect impartial judge, and Ronnie couldn’t help but feel that she’d be fair.

Ronnie has always viewed Carmen as a very upfront person. This lack of a filter is what caused her to be so bitchy. Her blunt honesty removed any sense of tact that she may have otherwise possessed and the feelings of others rarely crossed her mind. If anyone was going to call out either herself or Maddy for bullshit in this competition, Carmen was the perfect person to do it.

Making up her mind, Ronnie pointed at the black haired Hispanic beauty. “I want Carmen as my judge.”

Ronnie’s friends stared back at her dumbfounded. Sarah was looking slightly hurt that she wasn’t chosen and Erika was shaking her head in disbelief at the choice.

“Me?” Carmen asked, surprised. “Are you sure?”

“Yes, I’m sure,” Ronnie replied confidently.

“Oh, this should be good,” Maddy replied, smiling and raising her eyebrow. “Why the fuck would you pick a judge that is friends with both of us??”

“I trust her to make good judgment calls, and I trust you to respect them,” Ronnie glowered. She saw that Carmen was smiling at this remark, a glitter of appreciation in her eye.

Shrugging, Maddy agreed that Carmen was a fair pick.

“Alright, let’s pee and then grab some drinks,” Maddy declared, making a beeline for the women’s washroom at the back of the club.

“Judges, come with us,” Ronnie said, gesturing to Marianne and Carmen. The two girls fell into step behind them as they made their way to the bathroom.

Ronnie swung open the bathroom door and was greeted by a small line within. Entering the line behind Maddy, she leaned back against the tile wall and turned away from her opponent. As Maddy conversed with Marianne, Carmen approached Ronnie and leaned in close.

In a hushed tone, the Hispanic girl began speaking to her. “You know, it’s not too late to back out of this. This is craziness to attempt in public.”

Ronnie smiled at her friend. She wasn’t used to Carmen showing this much sympathy but she appreciated the upfront effort to dissuade her from the contest.

“It’s alright Carmen, I’ve seriously made up my mind. I’m the only one in the friend group that hasn’t peed themselves since the start of the year. I’m confident in my bladder and I’m not going to pussy out now.”

Carmen raised an eyebrow and smiled back, her lips curling in a slight smirk. “Alright Ronnie, but if this goes sideways you can’t say I didn’t warn you.”

————

“Ahhhh,” Ronnie moaned, pee streaming into the toilet bowl beneath her. Contracting her pelvic muscles, she did her best to expel every last drop from her bladder. She knew that she needed it to be as empty as possible before this contest began in earnest.

Ronnie ripped off a piece of toilet paper from the roll, cringing at the low quality single ply sheet, before carefully wiping her shaved nether regions. Tossing the paper into the bowl, Ronnie rose and pulled up her jeans. As she did up her belt, the tall blonde pushed through the door.

“Tank emptied?” Marianne asked with a sneer upon seeing Ronnie emerge. The ponytailed girl was standing near the sink, arms crossed. Carmen was next to her, texting on her phone.

“You bet,” Ronnie replied, “Is Maddy out?”

Carmen and Marianne both shook their heads, Carmen still not yet looking up from her phone.

“She’s gotta get everything out,” Marianna explained. “She’s been training for this.”

Ronnie scoffed. “Training? How…?”

“There are ways to maximize your expulsion,” Marianne replied in a know-it-all voice. “Which you’d be aware of if you were going to win.”

Ronnie rolled her eyes at the remark as Maddy finally emerged from the washroom and made her way to the sink. Making eye contact with Ronnie in the mirror, the brunette winked and then giggled. “Who is buying the first round of drinks? You or me?”

“I’ll get it,” Ronnie replied. “Are you fine with vodka crans?”

“You betcha bestie!” Maddy replied. “But we’ve gotta do some tequila shots at some point.”

“Fine by me,” Ronnie replied. Turning to the judges, she said, “You guys need to track our consumption and make sure we stay even, especially as we get drunker.”

“Aye aye captain,” Carmen replied, giving a mock salute. “We’re gonna slay this.”

———-

The wind on the rooftop patio of the club was buffeting Ronnie’s hair as she downed her fourth drink. The first three had been alcoholic but now she was nursing a glass of water to stave off the drunkenness. Nevertheless, Ronnie was quite inebriated at this point and she swayed to the beat of the pinging club music.

Ronnie had never been to the rooftop of the Hairy Cougar. Apparently, Maddy was seeing a guy who worked as a bartender in the VIP lounge and he had been able to get her access to the roof for the evening. It was a nice spot filled with tables and umbrellas and a large bar stretching the width of it. Speakers flanked the four corners allowing visitors to still dance to the music being played downstairs.

Ronnie was surprised that the club would have a patio open in March, but some of the tables had fire elements built in to them to ward off the cold. Also, Ronnie knew that the alcohol made it easier to be out in the cool breeze. She was the perfect example of that, considering her intoxicated mind was fine standing outside in her white crop top. She wasn’t even shivering.

Carmen and Marianne had made their way over to a table just off to the left of the bar and were chatting about something related to the sorority. It seemed that the two of them both knew a girl named Persephone pretty well. Ronnie was a bit annoyed that Carmen had hit it off with Marianne but that was part of the reason why she’d picked her; Carmen truly was unbiased.

The rest of Ronnie and Maddy’s friends had remained downstairs for the time being. They had all decided that they’d spend the night dancing until the competition heated up. There was no point sitting around and watching the competitors get desperate, and they might as well enjoy the evening as they killed time until things got interesting.

Things were finally on the brink of getting interesting. Ronnie’s bladder was already quite full as a result of the four drinks. It had only been an hour since the contest had started, but breaking the seal to start the contest was a sure way of accelerating it. The urge was currently east enough to ignore and Ronnie crossed one of her long legs over the other as she sat on her barstool. It had started as a soft pulsing feeling that wasn’t subsiding and it was growing with every new sip. She only hoped that Maddy was experiencing something similar.

At that exact moment Maddy sidled up next to her, two tequila shots in her hands.

“Hey bitch, ready for these?” the curly brunette asked as she took the stool next to Ronnie.

“Whoa, you don’t have to call me a bitch,” Ronnie replied, surprised by Maddy’s use of language.

“Oh don’t be a snowflake! Let’s not pretend we like each other,” Maddy replied, shooting Ronnie a mean look.

“Y’know, I don’t get what your problem is with me or my friends,” Ronnie spat. The alcohol in her system was bringing out her honest and confrontational side and she glared at her opponent.

“I just fucking hate you guys,” Maddy replied with a shrug.

“Yeah… but why? We literally gave you opportunities to be our friend. You and Carmen used to hang out, she used to invite you to all our parties. I don’t understand what we did to deserved your derision!”

“First of all, Carmen is a soulless bitch who doesn’t care about anyone but herself so you can’t possibly blame me for having no loyalty to her,” Maddy replied venomously.

“Carmen can be a lot, but she’s been working on herself lately. And that doesn’t excuse how you’ve treated the rest of us,” Ronnie tutted.

“You don’t actually care, you’re just trying to make me vulnerable,” Maddy sneered, ice in her voice.

“I do care! I want to know before this goes any further.”

“Fine bitch,” Maddy oozed, glaring at Ronnie, “you really want to know?”

“Yeah, I really do,” Ronnie replied, not backing down from Maddy’s glare and straightening herself on her stool.

“Let’s start at the beginning, with Victoria,” Maddy spat. “That bitch has been the bane of my existence since high school. Back when I used to date her brother she did everything in her power to get him to break up with me. She even told him when I got kissed by another guy at a party and it ended our whole relationship.”

“That’s a totally reasonable thing to tell him,” Ronnie brusquely interrupted. “I’d tell my brother if I knew his girlfriend had cheated.”

“It wasn’t cheating! I was drunk and it was a mistake!” Maddy shouted back.

“Doesn’t lessen the fact that it was cheating,” Ronnie shrugged. “Actions have consequences and you just had to learn it the hard way.”

“Shut the fuck up! Victoria didn’t have to out me like that, it was a forgivable mistake!” Maddy answered defensively.

“I see there’s no changing your mind,” Ronnie acquiesced, “but do you not see how making Victoria piss herself in class was wrong? You humiliated her in front of her peers.”

“It was character building sweetie. She needed a wake up call so she’d stop being such a princess.”

“You destroyed her self confidence and sent her spiralling into a depression. That’s not character building,” Ronnie replied in an appalled tone, shock at Maddy’s audacity clearly visible on her face.

“Oh shut up, you’re such a fucking goofy two shoes. Little Ms Ronnie has never done a wrong in her life, has she?” Maddy taunted, sticking out her tongue. “Let me guess, next you’re going to say it was wrong of me to mess around with that guy while handcuffed to Laura at that party before Halloween?”

“Um, absofuckinglutely!” Ronnie practically shouted. “You made her watch you hook up with a guy as she pissed herself after she’d told you a million times that she had to pee.”

“Guess she should have been more forceful. There are two kinds of people in this world; those that get what they want and dumbasses. Laura chose to be a dumbass.”

“Laura didn’t choose—“ Ronnie began, but Maddy cut across her.

“Shut up and let me speak bitch! Before you try to defend Jules next, I feel like it’s necessary to remind you that I made her piss herself because she’s dating my ex. That’s her choosing to break bro code. I don’t care if it’s kind or not what I did in response. She had it coming!”

Maddy was practically screaming at Ronnie. Her voice was cracking and her face was red as a tomato. Ronnie was shocked to even see tears welling in the corners of her eyes.

“Maddy… I’m sorry that you’re so hurt by the fact that she’s dating your ex. Feelings can be overwhelming and I see that you’re still not over him, but you guys broke up almost four years ago. You don’t have a right to be so protective of him anymore, and Jules doesn’t owe you anything. You’ve been anything but a friend to her.”

“Fuck you Veronica,” Maddy spat, her face contorted in rage. “Just fuck off.”

“I’m not saying this to be hurtful,” Ronnie explained. “I’m telling you this to be helpful. I understand being angry, I understand having unhealthy outlets for that anger. But it’s not too late to stop! You don’t have to keep hurting people, you can choose instead to be communicative and kind.”

Maddy stared at Ronnie, unsure if she was being mocked. Realizing she was being being genuine, Maddy’s eyes flashed with surprise before her scowl returned. “Whatever Veronica… let’s finish what we started. Get ready to piss yourself.”

Passing Ronnie the tequila shot, the two girls clinked glasses and knocked them back.

————-

A water and another two shots later, Ronnie was drunk and desperate. The last 30 minutes had been awkward with Maddy barely looking at her since the confrontation. Ronnie hoped that this meant that she was thinking over her words but she unfortunately doubted it. Maddy had proven time and time again that she didn’t care about anything other than herself, but Ronnie couldn’t help but wish that her words had made an impact.

Meanwhile, the drinks certainly were making an impact on her bladder. She had been tapping her knee up and down incessantly for awhile now, unsure when the tick had started. She could feel the fluids sloshing around within her every time she shifted on her stool and realized that she hadn’t been this desperate in years. In her drunken state, Ronnie felt her inhibitions slipping away and she slipped her right hand into the crotch of her pale blue jeans, giving her nether regions a tense squeeze. With her left hand, she massaged her swollen bladder distending her stomach below her crop top. She looked more bloated than usual, the copious liquids making a visible difference to her appearance. She had only waited this long once before, on a car ride in high school, but she really didn’t want to think about that right now. She needed a distraction to take her mind off the ceaseless signals from her overtaxed body and mind.

“Weren’t we supposed to go outside after the fifth drink?” Ronnie asked, breaking the silence.

Maddy looked up at her, and for the first time all evening Ronnie realized that she was desperate too. There was a pain in her eyes and the top button of her white jeans were unbuttoned as she sat hunched forward on her stool. Ronnie also noticed her clenching and unclenching her dominant hand as if she was hoping to grab her crotch as well, but she wasn’t moving to do so.

“Oh that? I figured we’d skip it,” Maddy replied sheepishly, trying to put on a brave face as she wriggled on her stool.

Ronnie felt emblazoned by her opponent’s sudden visible need and asked the question she’d been curious about all night. “We’re you planning on getting me desperate and then bringing me in front of a crowd to humiliate myself, like you did to Jules? Did you think I’d get desperate early on and you’d have an easy win?”

“No, I—,” Maddy began to protest, but Ronnie cut across her immediately.

“Don’t lie to me. I know what you intended, but you underestimated me Maddy. I can control myself better than most. Let’s go face this crowd, or are you scared that you may be the one who ends up drenched in public?”

Maddy stared at the blonde, surprised by her boldness. Finally, in a meek tone, she spoke up. “Yeah, I planned to take you out to face a crowd. They’re all gathered in front of the club and ready to watch you pee yourself, but…”

“No buts! We shook on this, let’s go face them,” Ronnie stated firmly, giving her crotch another firm squeeze.

“No!” Maddy practically shouted, the desperation clear on her face. “Look, I’m sorry alright? I underestimated you. I really don’t want to humiliate myself in front of a crowd.”

“Shoulda thought of that before you tried to humiliate me in front of one. Sounds like the consequences of your own actions.”

“Please… please don’t make me! I’ll do anything!” Maddy was begging now, and she let out a sniffle. Was she trying not to cry?

Ronnie stood from her stool, legs shaking, and approached the curly brunette. She strode straight to her, bent down slightly and stared directly into her eyes. In a cool and collected voice, she spoke.

“All year you’ve shown zero mercy to my friends. You’ve humiliated them in front of their peers, their friends and the internet. You never stopped for even a second to consider their feelings or to give them any empathy as people.”

Maddy looked at her pleadingly, scissoring her legs back and forth. “Please Ronnie, I didn’t realize how it felt.”

“Clearly,” Ronnie sneered. “You’re lucky I’m not as uncaring as you, Maddy. My conscience won’t let me do to you what you did to my friends. Even if you deserve it, making you humiliate yourself in front of a crowd would make me just as bad as you.”

“Oh thank god,” Maddy gasped with relief as she realized that Ronnie wasn’t going to make her do it. “Thank you thank you thank you.”

“I’m going to call all of our friends up here and we’ll see how this ends,” Ronnie said as she grabbed her phone off the bar. “They’re the only ones who need to see this.”

Ronnie knew she was in dire straits. Her bladder was throbbing and she still hadn’t released her grip on her crotch. Her panties felt damp and warm but she didn’t think she’d leaked yet. She hoped it was just sweat, but she couldn’t be sure.

Maddy was squirming on her stool as she beckoned to Marianne and Carmen. Sweat was accumulating on her forehead and she kept glancing at the pristine white crotch of her pants as if it may change from discolouration at any given moment. Her thighs were trembling slightly as she clenched all of her lower muscles.

Carmen and Marianne approached the bar and Maddy quickly filled them in on the plan. Marianne nodded along but Ronnie watched as a frown grew on Carmen’s face.

“Those aren’t the established rules,” Carmen stated firmly, “I thought we said you guys would go outside?”

“Yeah we did, but Ronnie and I changed our minds,” Maddy explained, rising from the stool. Her unbuttoned pants sagged towards her knees as she stood, and she quickly crossed her legs.

“Bullshit!” Carmen replied with an eye roll. “We’re going outside now. Rules are rules and it’s my job to enforce them.”

Maddy stared at the Hispanic girl in disbelief. She’s been thinking that Carmen would be lenient all night long, but here she was enforcing the one rule that may lead to her humiliation. Squirming furiously as a wave of desperation hit her, Maddy began to plead as her brown curls bounced around her head.

“Can we please stay here? I’m reaching my limit and I don’t want anyone to see if I… if I…”

“If you piss yourself? Isn’t that the whole point of the contest?” Carmen asked, unimpressed. “Besides, I can tell Ronnie has to go too. Fair is fair.”

“Please Marianne,” Maddy begged, turning to her stern friend. “Talk some sense into her!”

Marianne shook her head. “Carmen is right, rules are rules. We want to see how this plays out.”

Maddy stared at the two judges absolutely livid. “What the FUCK! I’m going to pee myself in front of everyone!”

She was squirming, doing an antsy march on the spot and breathing heavily. As the four girls began making their way to the staircase, Maddy gasped and grabbed her crotch at last with her right hand.

Ronnie was relieved to see Maddy struggling Up so much, as she needed the curly brunette to lose soon if she wasn’t going to get humiliated up herself. As she reached the top of the staircase, Ronnie felt herself spurt into her underwear. The lapse of control lasted only a moment but the damage was certainly done. Ronnie could feel a damp patch form on the gusset of her panties, and she cringed at the feeling. Her mind wandered to that drunken car ride in high school where she’d almost, nearly had an accident… she pictured the chills travelling up her spine, the contractions of her bladder and the feeling of relief when she’d been able to hop out of the backseat and spray golden fluid into the ditch.

“Fuck,” Ronnie moaned under her breath. She needed to stop thinking about relief and that time she’d been desperate. Just because she hadn’t peed herself since she was in diapers, didn’t mean it couldn’t happen now.

“C’mon, hurry up,” Marianne called impatiently from ahead of her on the stairs and Ronnie quickly moved to catch up, squeezing her crotch tightly as she did so.

The four girls hurried down the stairs and pushed out the doors onto the blustery street. Ronnie stumbled slightly as she touched the sidewalk, the alcohol fogging her brain. Glancing up, she realized that there was in fact a crowd waiting for them.

Scanning the faces, Ronnie made out her friends. Sarah was biting her lip nervously while the rest gave her thumbs up and smiles. The last thing she wanted to do was to let them down, but her bladder was protesting otherwise. She was reaching her threshold and she needed to pee soon!

Luckily, Maddy wasn’t faring much better. The curly brunette was openly doing a pee dance in her white pants and she had a look of pure terror plastered on her face. Her brow was sweaty and her face was red from desperation as she gyrated in a circle.

Carmen and Marianne stood behind the two desperate girls as the crowd ogled them, gossiping intently. Maddy had invited way too many people to witness Ronnie humiliate herself and it was backfiring on her epically.

Maddy shimmied her way to Ronnie’s side and began to whisper to her. “Do you want to just call it a tie and end this now?”

“No, I’m in this to win it,” Ronnie replied confidently, even though she could feel her control slipping.

“Please? I’ll do literally anything,” Maddy begged back, dancing in place.

“No, and that’s final!” Ronnie told her, giving her crotch yet another firm squeeze.

“Should we be doing panty checks to see if they’ve leaked yet?” Marianne asked suddenly from behind them.

“NO!” both Ronnie and Maddy replied in unison before blushing furiously. Ronnie was relieved that this implied that Maddy had also let out an uncontrolled spurt.

“Are you guys going to be able to handle another drink?” Carmen asked. “We should have you do one soon.”

“I think they’re fine for now,” Marianne began to say, but she was interrupted by a sudden hissing noise.

Ronnie glanced down at her crotch in horror, only to realize she was still dry. Spinning, she quickly realized that the sound had come from between Maddy’s legs and a rivulet of pee was making its way down the inseam of her white pants.

Maddy’s house was hanging open in a silent O and her hands were desperately gripping her crotch as the hissing continued. Pee began to saturate the legs of her white pants turning them translucent so that everyone could make out her baby blue panties. The liquid poured out of the leg holes, flowing over her white shoes and puddling on the pavement. They began to steam in the cold air and Ronnie heard her friends cheer from the crowd.

A puddle was forming under Maddy and Ronnie watched as she struggled to hold back tears. Pee was still bubbling from her crotch, soaking more and more of the fabric of her pants until the barely a square inch was dry.

Ronnie was watching in awe when she felt her own bladder give off a sympathy spasm. Realizing the end was nigh, she turned to Carmen and Marianne, blurting out “I won, right? I can pee?”

“Yes!” the two girls replied in unison. “You can use the bathroom!”

Ronnie did not need to be told twice. In half a heartbeat she bolted from the sidewalk and pushed in the door, past the bouncer who futilely called out to see her stamp. She tore through the crowd, frantically searching for the bathrooms on the back wall. Her hand hadn’t left her crotch and the urge to pee was all she could think about. Her body was shaking, her head was pounding and her bladder was doing somersaults as she rushed towards relief.

Disregarding the line, Ronnie charged to the front and shouldered through the door. As her body hit the door, she felt herself begin to pee. A small trickle of urine was making it in to her pink panties and she gasped at the sudden release. She couldn’t pee herself this close to a toilet! She just had to get into a stall and yank down her pants. She just had to hope one would open up soon.

Rushing down the line of stalls, Ronnie frantically banged on the occupied doors praying one would empty soon.

“Please hurry up, I’m peeing my pants!” she screamed, as she felt her trickle continue. Unfortunately no one was answering.

In pure frantic desperation, Ronnie spied the drain in the center of the bathroom’s white tile floor. Disregarding any sense of dignity or signals from her brain to stop, Ronnie yanked down her blue jeans and pink panties in one fluid motion, exposing her shaven pussy to the entire bathroom. One girl gasped at the display and averted her eyes but many were staring in disbelief.

Ronnie dropped to a squat and exploded, pee shooting out of her bladder onto the tile for all to see. She moaned at euphoric sensation as her overtaxed bladder was finally allowed to empty itself. The stream was powerful and clear, and Ronnie wobbled as her knees grew weak from the relief. The feeling was almost orgasmic and she couldn’t help but smile as her pee sprayed out of her, mostly missing the drain.

Suddenly, the door burst open and Sarah charged into the bathroom. The wasian girl locked eyes with Ronnie and grinned at the sight of her best friend with her pants around her ankles peeing on the floor. Ronnie felt herself flushing in embarrassment but Sarah was positively beaming.

“You did it! You beat her! And you technically still didn’t pee yourself!” Sarah gushed, rushing over and pulling her peeing friend into a side squat hug.

“I mean, I kinda leaked in my panties… and I don’t think this counts as making it,” Ronnie said, gesturing to her puddle as her stream slowed to a trickle.

“No, this doesn’t count. You won this contest, you avenged our friends and you still didn’t get a drop on your jeans,” Sarah explained excitedly. “You’ve once again avoided becoming a member of the Piddle Pants Club. You’re truly the Big Bladdered Baddy that you said you were. No one can beat you.”

Ronnie blushed at the stupid nickname as her trickle finally stopped. She stood up, and wiped herself with a tissue that Sarah handed her from her pocket. The line of girls was still staring at her and she smiled meekly back at them, apologizing profusely. Finally, she turned to Sarah and asked the question she’d been dying to ask.

“How’s Maddy? Do you think she learned her lesson?”

Sarah grinned in response. “Oh, most certainly! Half the crowd was taking pictures and she ran away so quickly. I don’t think she’ll ever bother our friend group again.”

“Good, I’m glad that she’s finally getting a wake up call even if it’s a bit harsh,” Ronnie replied. “Let’s hope she learns from this.”

“Who cares if she does,” Sarah said, before looping her arm through Ronnie’s. “I say we go dance with our friends and celebrate the fact that you’re the most badass person we know.”

——-

The next morning, Ronnie woke to a pounding headache and an urge to pee. The numerous drinks had accumulated and she felt positively ill. Rising from under the covers and snatching her phone from her bedside table, the tall blonder stumbled to her ensuite bathroom and dropped her pyjama bottoms, releasing a torrent into the toilet bowl. Her bladder aches still from the stress she had put on it the night before.

Opting to try to empty her bowels as well, Ronnie bent over and fished her phone out of her pocket with the plan to scroll on social media for awhile. To her surprise, there was a text message waiting for her from an unknown number. Surprised, she opened it up and read it.

Hey Ronnie, I got your number from Carmen. I just wanted to let you know that you’re right. You helped me see that I have some growth to do. I’m sorry for everything.

Ronnie stared at the message in surprise, then smiled. Maybe there was hope for Maddy after all.

*049*2023-08-07 14:08

With the fictional school year plodding on at Greatwestern U, it’s finally time for Spring Break!

I have written one short story for each day of the girls’ Spring Break Trip to the Caribbean and they will each release every day for a week.

Without further ado…

Chapter 17: Spring Break - Part 1: The Seatbelt Light

Jules shivered as the cold air conditioning blew against her face, sending chills up and down her body. Glancing once more at the red Fasten Seatbelt light glowing above her and groaned. Crossing own leg over the other, her grey sweatpants swished as they brushed against themselves. It was taking all her willpower not to wriggle, not to fidget and most importantly not to scream.

Carefully sliding her right hand down under her green sweater, she felt her bladder beneath her skin. It was swollen, distended and begging to be released but the glowing light above her only perpetuated her suffering.

For the thousandth time in the last five minutes, Jules cursed the Gatorade bottle she had chugged in the airport prior to take off to help alleviate her headache. She cursed two glasses of wine she had consumed with her seatmates Sarah and Ronnie at the start of the flight that had made her drunker than she’d expected. Most of all, she cursed the alcohol induced nap that she had fallen into as they had entered the second hour of their flight. The liquids had gone straight to her bladder, and a dream about the ocean that she’d soon be seeing had woken the blonde up in a panic.

She had to pee, and badly, but the plane was experiencing turbulence and the seatbelt light was telling her to remain seated. Crossing her legs, Jules did her best to keep her composure. She didn’t want to wake Sarah or Ronnie who were still dozing beside her, chests rising and falling softly.

Earlier, she had been incredibly grateful that she had gotten the window seat. She had been excited to have the best view of their descent into paradise. Now, the seat furthest from the aisle was her prison and her two sleeping friends were the bars holding her there.

The Spring Break trip was something that Jules had been looking forward to for months. She had saved up by carefully budgeting all year, and now she was ready to party with her friends in the Dominican Republic at an all-inclusive resort. She and Ronnie had planned the trip, and had been able to convince Sarah, Erika, Laura, Carmen and Carrie to join them on their trip to paradise. She was thrilled for the adventures that the trip would bring

Her bladder spasmed again and she shuddered at the overwhelming tingling from her abdomen. She felt clammy from the sweat pouring down her face and her thighs were trembling ever so slightly.

In a futile attempt to help ease the urge, Jules once again rearranged the way her legs were crossed, relooping her left leg under her right. Feeling the pressure refuse to subside, Jules glanced towards the aisle to ensure no one was looking before kneading her palm into her warm crotch.

Glancing at the seatbelt light again, Jules was disappointed to see that it was still red. Cursing inwardly, Jules wished that there was a flight attendant near by to ask for an exception to the rules. Unfortunately they would be seated as well for the turbulence and she’d have to wait.

Although Jules didn’t have to pee quite as bad as when her nemesis Maddy had fed her a diuretic the month prior, she couldn’t help but worry about her bladder capacity. She’d already had two pee accidents this year and she didn’t want to add a third tally to her house’s Piddle Pants Club Chart.

Don’t think about accidents, you’re not going to have one, Jules chided herself internally.

Relaxing slightly, her confidence returned, Jules felt like she could wait way longer. She had waited longer in the past and she wasn’t going to embarrass herself on this trip.

The sudden relaxation was not good for her bladder muscles and they contracted in protest. Suddenly, she felt a short wet spurt saturate her cotton panties. Glancing down in surprise, Jules could make out a coin sized wet patch on the front of her grey sweats.

Her privates had begun feeling like they were sitting in a warm soup and her desperation had her wriggling frantically. Although it wasn’t as bad of an urge as when she had last had a bathroom mishap, the situation and the stress was making it worse. Jules was feeling trapped and the fear of yet another accident was making her nervous.

Her bladder spasmed again, sending another warm spurt into her damp panties. Jules could feel it dribble out onto her thigh and she noticed that dark streaks were starting to form on her inner thighs. She was going to have to act fast if she wanted to preserve her dignity.

Bending forward, Jules began tearing through her backpack that she had brought as carry on in a search for her water bottle. As she dug around in the bottom, her hand bumped against her book, a tangle of chargers and her iPad before finally grasping the cool plastic of her bottle. She had bought this red plastic bottle for her intramural soccer that she’d played in the fall, and it could hold about a lifer of liquid.

“What are you thinking?” Jules murmured to herself under her breath. “This is so fucking stupid.”

Glancing at her friends, Jules made sure they were sleeping soundly. Ronnie’s chest was rising and falling next to her and her mouth was slightly agape, drool forming in the corner. Sarah’s head lolled on Ronnie’s shoulder, a soft snore escaping her nose every time she breathed. Jules prayed they wouldn’t wake up and that the flight attendant wouldn’t walk by.

Carefully unbuckling her seatbelt, Jules began to ease her sweatpants down her thighs revealing her orange cotton panties to the air. They had turned from a light orange to a dark orange as they had become saturated and she cringed at the sticky sensation of them against her privates. Glancing again at the aisle and ensuring that she was well shielded by Ronnie’s tall frame, Jules eased her panties down her thighs as well. Her blonde bush sparkled in the plane’s bright LED lighting as the light hit the yellow droplets stuck in her pubic hair. Swiftly, she unscrewed the cap of her red bottom and pressed it to her lower lips surrounding her opening.

Letting out a soft moan, Jules relaxed her bladder and began to pee. Urine poured out of her, drumming against the interior of the bottle. Realizing it was too loud, Jules did her best to ease her stream down to a soft trickle. Not just letting the pee pour out was arduous, but Jules focused hard and maintained the slow drip. The release felt incredible and Jules was savouring every moment of it. She kept her head on a swivel for any flight attendants as she released burst after burst of warm liquid into the bottle.

Suddenly, Jules realized the bottle was almost full. With her bladder far from empty Jules began to panic, doing her best to cut off the stream. No matter how hard she tried, she couldn’t stop the flow into the bottle. Cringing as she realized what was going to happen, Jules could only watch in embarrassment as her pee reached the lip of the bottle before spilling over onto her seat. Unable to stop, the blonde stared at her crotch as she began to soak her surroundings. The pale grey fabric of her seat turned nearly as dark as midnight and she felt some pee soaking into the back of her sweater.

Realizing the damage was done Jules removed the bottle and leaned forward, peeing full force into the chair. A soft hiss emanated from the fabric below her crotch and she cringed at the wet sensation of her seat against her lips. Finally after 30 seconds of free peeing on her seat, the stream reduced itself to a trickle and Jules heaved a sigh as it stopped. She was virtually sitting in a puddle on her seat and she could smell the scent of ammonia wafting through the air. She hoped that the plane ventilation would cycle the smell out quickly but she feared the worst.

Jules removed her sweater and hiked up her ass, carefully placing the garment underneath her into the puddle. Yanking back up her saturated sweatpants and panties, Jules dropped her posterior onto the sweater which protected her pants from getting any wetter.

Taking the bottle full of pee, Jules carefully deposited it back into her backpack. When the seatbelt light turned off and her friends awoke, she’d go pour it down the plane toilet.

Blushing at the thought of what she’d just done, Jules was grateful that she hadn’t wet herself completely. In fact, she’d mostly gotten away with her discrete mishap. She just had to hope her friends wouldn’t ask too many questions about the damp patches on her pants sweater and seat…

Turning to look out the window, Jules found herself hoping that this would be the only mishap that any of them would have on the trip. Somehow, she doubted that the universe would be so kind to the Piddle Pants Club.

*051*2023-08-08 21:46

Warning: Contains Messing.

Chapter 17: Spring Break - Part 2: Treading Lightly

Carmen’s stomach rumbled as she lay on the beach chair, the rays soaking into her caramel skin. Her jet black hair was tucked under a large straw sun hat and her eyes were shielded from the brightness by a pair of wraparound sunglasses. Carmen knew she looked elegant in her red bikini, which paired so nicely with the aura that her hat and shades radiated. She was four chapters into her shitty romance novel about a woman who returned to the small town on the sea where she grew up and decided to start fucking the lighthouse owner… or something like that. To be completely honest, Carmen was paying very little attention to the words on her page and was instead checking out every hunky college boy that walked by. One of the joys of Spring Break was that all the resorts filled up with partyers of a certain age and demographic and Carmen was planning on taking advantage of that. She was loving the way that boys glanced a little too long at her scantily clad body in her bikini.

“Do you want to get in the water in a sec?” Laura, her brunette friend, asked from beside her. She was sitting on a beach chair as well, straddling their ginger friend Erika and applying suntan lotion to her back. “Erika just needs five minutes for her lotion to dry and then we’re good to go.”

“Of course, I’d love to get a swim in before lunch.” Carmen said. She was thrilled by the prospect of all the eyes that would turn when she rose to take a dip.

“Yeah, I know Ronnie said the other girls are going to meet us at the dining pavilion around 1:30 so we’ve got a bit over an hour,” Erika replied, gesturing to her phone.

“Perfect, it gives us some time to dry off after,” Laura agreed.

As Carmen returned to her book to wait out the five minutes, her stomach gave an ominous rumble. Since their arrival at the resort the morning before, Carmen had avoided pooping in her hotel room washroom. It was a bit of a dirty washroom… She had seen a millipede right after arriving and she had avoided using it for much since then except a couple quick pees. She had realized that she’d soon have to use it to poop and shower but she figured she might as well put it off for as long as possible. Now following a large breakfast from the all-you-can-eat buffet and a warm coffee, Carmen’s bowels were making themselves known.

Ignoring the rumble and deciding to find a bathroom around lunchtime, Carmen began to get enraptured by the cheesy plot of her book. She always loved the enemies to lovers trope and this author was leaning all the way into it. This was exactly the kind of pulpy romance that she wanted on vacation, even if she knew it wasn’t great literature. Carmen knew her mom would turn up her nose at her reading choice as pure drivel but she didn’t care. Her mother wasn’t actually there too judge and Carmen was old and independent enough to make her own decisions.

The next five minutes flew by without a hitch and it was no time at all before Erika snapped Carmen out of her reverie to announce that they were ready to swim. The Hispanic girl set down her book and rose from her chair in a large stretch, reaching her hands to the heavens and arching her back. Removing her sunglasses, she pranced after her friends into the surf.

The water was cold on her toes and Carmen held back a yelp as a chill shot up her spine. Wading in, the water soon reached her waist and then her belly button. Dunking her large breasts was always the worst part but the brunette braced herself before dunking herself to her shoulders, gasping at the cold sensation.

“C’mon Carmen, it’s nice!” Laura called, already floating on her back a few meters ahead.

“You don’t have tits to get cold like I do!” Carmen teased.

Erika laughed, prompting Laura to roll her eyes and splash the two of them. Soon, the three girls were giggling like children and having a rioutous time diving in and out of the waves.

Carmen floated up and down with a particularly large wave and felt her stomach churning again, her bowels sending a reminder to her brain that she needed to go. Carmen regretted not pooping at some point earlier and she decided to let off a bit of pressure by relaxing her anus and passing some gas.

Feeling the bubbles escape her posterior and rush to the surface, Carmen was grateful that the waves made them imperceptible to her friends swimming a few feet away. She hoped that she could slip into the bathroom on their way to lunch after the swim but she wasn’t optimistic.

“Are you okay Carmen?” Erika asked, paddling up to the Hispanic girl in her white bikini. Her wet ginger hair was in her eyes. “You’re making a face.”

“My stomach is just feeling really weird this morning. I must have eaten something weird at the buffet for breakfast,” Carmen admitted.

“That’s not good,” Laura said as she overheard. The brunette was treading water in her blue bikini and giving a concerned look.

“I’m fine guys, seriously. I’m just a bit… gassy,” Carmen admitted as another fart slipped out into the water. This one felt heavier, as if there was more substance to it. Carmen clenched the muscles in her butt and tried to prevent any more farts.

“Wow, never thought I’d hear you admit something like that,” Laura teased. “You must really have to take a dump.”

Carmen blushed at her friend’s teasing and shook her head. “It’s not that bad, I just haven’t gone since we’ve arrived.”

“You haven’t? The first thing I did once we arrived was destroy our toilet bowl,” Laura confessed causing Erika to laugh and agree that it was foul.

“I just thought the bathroom was really really gross,” Carmen said, paddling on her back as another wave approached. “I’m going to go as soon as we go in for lunch.”

“Perfect,” Erika said, smiling. “Let’s head in in around thirty minutes. It should be the perfect time to meet up with the rest of the girls.”

Carmen found herself cursing the fact that there were still 30 minutes to go. Her stomach was aching as she treaded water and she began to wonder if she’d actually make it to the bathroom.

The next fifteen minutes were agonizing for Carmen as she did her best to ignore the urge and swim with her friends. Plastering a fake smile on her face, the Hispanic girl did her best to joke around with Laura and Erica as they splashed between waves. Her farts had become more frequent and she began to feel a log making its way towards the exit. Clenching her muscles, she prayed her friends wouldn’t notice her fidgeting.

A particularly strong urge overwhelmed her senses and Carmen found her right hand shooting to her posterior to alleviate some pressure. Kneading her large rump between the cheeks, Carmen realized her need was not dissipating from the additional pressure. Carmen tried shifting her fingers down, pressing her swimsuit bottoms deeper into her bum and giving herself an aggressive underwater wedgie as she tried to get her fingertips directly on her asshole. Feeling her puckered opening through the soft fabric, Carmen realized in horror that it had expanded slightly and her log was starting to nearly protrude in her desperation.

Realizing the dire nature of her situation and how stupid she would look to her friends trying to hold herself so desperately, Carmen realized she needed to put some distance between herself and them so she could suffer in silence. Gauging if there was time to make a break for the bathrooms in the lobby, the raven haired beauty realized it was likely she’d end up going on the pathway in an involuntary manner before making it anywhere near a toilet. She was going to have to find a way to go in the water without her friends noticing.

Clearing her throat, Carmen called out to Erika and Laura who were bobbing a short distance away. “Hey girlies, I’m just going to swim out to the buoy by the sandbar. I’ll be back in a sec.”

To Carmen’s relief, they told her to be careful and made no moves to follow her. Carmen quickly threw herself into a front crawl. Her mom has always insisted she take swimming lessons as a kid. She had hated them for their length and how they ruined her hair, and she had never understood why they were necessary. Now though, she was grateful for them as she skimmed through the waves.

She approached the buoy in very little time and was relieved to see that Laura and Erika were now bobbing far away. Calling their names tentatively, the Hispanic girl was pleased to see that they didn’t respond. She was out of earshot as well.

Wasting no time, Carmen yanked her red swimsuit bottoms down to her knees, exposing her waxed pussy and shapely ass to the sea. She shot her right hand back to her ass and began to grope her hole in earnest again, allowing her middle finger to push up against the slightly protruding log. It was relatively hard to the touch, owing to the build up of waste since they had landed at the resort. Her stomach gurgled again aggressively and she knew she was going to shut imminently, whether she planned to or not. She hasn’t shit herself since her anal-gone-wrong incident but she remembered the warning sign all too well.

Scrunching up her face and spreading her legs as she treaded water with only her arms, Carmen let the inevitable unfold. Her bowels relaxed immediately and a serpentine poo snaked out of her ass into the water, unfurling and refusing to break off. The Hispanic girl sighed in relief and gave a little push, accelerating the release of her load into the water.

Finally the log broke and with it too did Carmen’s reverie. In horror, she watched as her massive brown poop bobbed to the surface next to her. In her desperation, she hadn’t considered the possibility that her poop might float and now it was gently lilting in the swells of the ocean.

Her second realization of panic was that Laura and Erika were swimming towards her. They must have decided they did want to come to buoy after all and they were making quick work of it. The Hispanic girl realized that she only had thirty seconds until they reached her and saw her massive bobbing log, and she wanted nothing more than to yank up her bottoms and swim away. Unfortunately, she was still pooping.

As the second log puckered her anus, Carmen desperately tried to squeeze it out faster. She willed her lower muscles to expel the waste but it wasn’t going fast enough. The second log broke off, a fraction of the size of the first, and bobbed to the surface as well, swirling in the flow.

“Fuck,” Carmen swore as she realized her friends would be upon her in ten seconds and she still had a third log coming out. She grit her teeth and pushed with all her might, the log sliding easily into the water as she grimaced. She looked towards her friends and realized they were arriving as she was still mid poop with her bottoms around her knees underwater.

Then, the worst possible thing happened. Erika swam head first into Carmen’s first log, knocking it spinning into a wave. Pulling her face out of the water into a tread, Erika’s wet ginger hair stuck to her face and her mouth formed a distasteful frown.

“Was that a piece of shit?” Erika asked, surprised by the sudden bump.

“No!” Carmen replied defensively, now desperately trying to stop the last log from breaking off and revealing her embarrassing predicament to the two girls swimming up to her.

“Are you sure? It looked an awful lot like…” Erika began to say, before Carmen felt the log break away.

Immediately it shot to the surface, bobbing up next to her shoulder and Erika and Laura did a double-take. The Hispanic girl could only watch helplessly as realization dawned on their faces.

“Carmen! Are you shitting in the ocean?” Laura asked pointedly, eyes glued to the bobbing brown poop next to her friend.

Carmen felt her face grow hot as she looked at her two friends. She didn’t want to cry, she had to stay tough in her mortification.

“Oh girly, we knew you had to go but we didn’t know it was that bad. We could have gone in and found you a bathroom,” Laura said.

“It was too late,” Carmen replied, her spirits sinking rapidly. How was she supposed to keep her friends thinking she was cool after this? “You guys better not fucking tell anyone or I’ll murder you!”

“Sheesh Carm, who do you think we are?” Erika asked in an offended tone. “We’re not going to out you, don’t worry!”

“You better not, I could tell people some choice things about both of you,” Carmen snapped, immediately regretting her words. Sometimes when she was upset, her shield was to hurt those around there. She’d been working on it lately but now, in a moment of weakness, she failed.

Erika recoiled as if she’d been slapped, bobbing on the surface and blinking back tears. “I’m just trying to be nice.”

“Yeah, what the fuck Carmen,” Laura called, coming to her best friend’s defence.

“I’m sorry,” Carmen murmured. She’d never been good at apologies, but these were her friends. They deserved one more than anything.

“What?” Laura said. “You have to speak louder.”

“I’m sorry!” Carmen shouted at them, tears welling in her eyes. “I’m just not used to letting my guard down. I’m sorry for saying hurtful things and I appreciate the sympathy. This is just really fucking embarrassing.”

“Don’t worry girly, I shit myself on live television remember?” Laura offered, swimming closer.

Carmen felt herself smile slightly, but the emotions were overwhelming her still. “I’ve just been doing a terrible job of staying hot or cool this year and I fucking hate it.”

“We don’t care if you’re hot or cool,” Laura said, “You’re our friend. We just want you to be nice and fun and kind.”

“But I still think you’re hot and cool!” Erika piped up, eyes lingering on Carmen’s boobs a second too long.

Smiling at her friends’ kindness, Carmen pulled back up her swimsuit bottoms and splashed them both. Maybe this Spring Break Trip was exactly what she needed to grow closer to the people she cared about. Humiliation was a small price to pay.

