The Last Year Before They Grew Up - Page 2

Author: Caraxes 

*031*2023-03-24 16:20

This story was supposed to come out at New Years. It deals with Carrie finally addressing her interest in Sarah. It is the final chapter in the first part of what will be a two part series. It has no messing.

Chapter 11: New Year, New Beginnings

The snow blew around Carrie’s parents’ car as she parallel parked it on the side of Mulberry Avenue across from her older sister’s apartment building. Dressed in a gold crop top and black jeans, the petite Italian brunette was ready to party her face off for New Years.

“I can’t believe you didn’t bring a coat,” her friend Ronnie remarked from the passenger seat. The tall blonde looked splendid lounging in her leather jacket, red top and blue jeans. She had been very unprepared when Carrie had shown up to her house at the agreed time since her dinner with her parents had run long. She was now touching up her eyeliner in the sun visor mirror as last minute prep for the party.

“I don’t need a coat,” Carrie replied. “I’m going to be too drunk to feel the cold. Worst case scenario, I’ll just borrow one from some boy.”

Ronnie rolled her eyes. Carrie had been refusing to bring a coat anywhere since they were in their first year of high school. Now, nearly eight years later, it was hard for Carrie to surprise her anymore. “I’ll make fun of you when you ask to borrow my jacket later on,” she said, earning a glare from the petite brunette.

The two girls disembarked from the vehicle, the snow crunching beneath their feet, and strode towards the building. The structure was an old brick apartment building in the student ghetto near Boston College, where Carrie’s sister Bianca was completing her masters in biotechnology. Ronnie reached the door first and opened it for Carrie, who entered the foyer first. She carefully keyed in the code to call up to her sister to buzz them in and the two girls waited patiently. She really hoped there would be some cute guys at the party. She needed someone, anyone, to take her mind off of Ronnie’s roommate Sarah. After their kiss back on Labor Day, Carrie had been struggling to get the girl off her mind. But she wasn’t bi, right?

“Do you think Erika and Laura beat us here?” Carrie asked, trying to take her mind off Sarah. The question earned a shrug from Ronnie. Carrie had extended the invite to Erika and Laura as they all had been becoming closer friends through their time together in the first semester. Conveniently, the two girls also lived in the Boston area unlike their other friends from college. Erika and Laura were best friends from first year and had agreed to commute there together.

Finally, Bianca’s voice sounded over the intercom. “Come on up sis! Ronnieeee I’m so excited to see you!”

Two minutes and an elevator ride later, the girls were knocking on the door of room 636. In a flash, the door swung open revealing another petite Italian girl. Bianca squealed in delight and pulled the two girls into a tight hug. Bianca was 5’2 and even more bubbly and excitable than Carrie. Her hair was dyed a bright platinum blonde and she was dressed in a green dress that hugged her excellent figure.

“Ronnie, how’ve you been? I missed you more than Carrie,” Bianca squealed, squeezing the blonde as tightly as she could. This earned an eyeroll from Carrie who had always hated the way her sister fawned over her closest high school friend. Ronnie and Bianca stepped to the side to continue their excited conversation and Carrie found herself stepping past them into the party. As she did so, a black cat rubbed up against her left leg, purring.

“Mr Whiskers!” Carrie called excitedly, scratching her sister’s cat under the chin. She loved cats and was glad for the distraction. As she stroked the cat, a handsome dark haired young man stepped forward to take her coat and Carrie instantly recognized him as her sister’s boyfriend Fabio.

“How’ve you been?” he asked her politely and she was relieved to be able to tell him about school, if only to distract from her current annoyance with her sister.

“Carrie!”

Carrie found herself enveloped in a tight double hug from behind. Turning around, she found herself face to face with the brunette Laura and the ginger Erika, her friends from Greatwestern University.

“Thanks so much for inviting us! Everyone here is so cool!” Carrie glanced around as Laura said this and saw that Bianca’s apartment was packed with people clearly having fun. There was a table of beer pong in the dining area and a couple dozen people dancing to party music in the living room. It was only 9pm but everyone was already quite sloshed.

“The decorations are amazing too,” Erika remarked as she pointed out the golden streamers and balloons spelling out 2023. Carrie was impressed to see that her sister had gone all out this year.

“Bianca has always been one to host a good party,” Carrie admitted in admiration. “Thanks for coming guys! Let’s get drunk!”

——-

Twenty minutes later, Carrie was bracing herself for her third shot of the night. She was already starting to feel the effects of the tequila and her gold top kept sliding down her chest, threatening to reveal her nipples to the crowded apartment. She scrunched up her face in disgust as she prepared for the shot, wishing that Bianca had limes as chase.

“C’mon Carrie, don’t pussy out!” Laura was shouting from the other side of Erika. Erika, for her part, also seemed disgusted by the thought of yet another shot in quick succession. Bracing herself, Carrie cheers’d her friends and knocked it back. Suppressing the gag, she noticed that Ronnie had finally broken away from Bianca and her friends.

“Oh good, now we’re four! Let’s play some beer pong!” Carrie exclaimed.

“Carrie, they’re not just gonna let us butt the line,” Erika chastised her. “Two of us are gonna have to challenge the winners!”

Taking this into account immediately, Ronnie quickly strode over to one of the guys playing and told him that she and Carrie were up next.

“Alright,” the guy said flirtatiously, clearly impressed by Ronnie’s good looks. “But we’re going to absolutely smoke you guys. Hope you’re prepared to lose!”

“Oh I don’t lose,” Ronnie replied earnestly.

Sure enough, five minutes later the guys that Ronnie had spoken to had defeated their opponents. Ronnie and Carrie were beckoned to the table and Carrie discovered that the two guys were named Trent and The Wizard. The Wizard had a crazy look about him and refused to elaborate why that was his nickname but Trent seemed nice enough, even if he was all over Ronnie.

The game started poorly for the girls as the guys hit two cups on their first shots, earning balls back. They proceeded to hit a third shot before the girls had even had a chance to shoot themselves. Carrie was annoyed that these fratty boys were already kicking their asses and she felt herself locking into her competitive side. There was no way she was going to lose this game.

“Impressive, but this is far from over.” Ronnie echoed Carrie’s thoughts perfectly as she remarked on the boys’ early prowess.

“You wish,” The Wizard replied saucily. “We’re undefeated so far tonight.”

“The key words being ‘so far’,” Carrie challenged.

Sure enough, the girls were able to claw their way back into the game over the next 3 terms, so that the boys only had one more cup to hit while they only had 2.

“Hey, could I get a celebrity shot?” A random Asian guy stepped forward out of the crowd to ask the classic party question. Carrie smiled as Ronnie rolled her eyes, annoyed that someone would ask to shoot for her at such a crucial point in the game. On the other hand, Carrie thought the guy was kind of cute.

“You can shoot for me,” Carrie offered, winking at him. “I’m not any good under pressure.”

“Dope!” the Asian guy replied. “I’m Mark by the way.”

“Nice to meet you Mark, I’m Carrie.” Ronnie shook her head, her competitive side perturbed that Carrie was letting a total stranger attempt to help them win.

Thankfully, with a kiss on the ball for luck from Carrie, Mark hit his shot to whoops from the crowd. Ronnie gave him a nod of appreciation before lining up her own shot carefully.

“Same cup,” she called, before launching the ball into the exact cup that Mark had hit. The crowd went insane and Carrie screamed in excitement. With only two cups remaining and calling ‘same cup’ counting for three cups, the boys were now sent to double redemption. This meant that they both had to hit their next shots.

The Wizard lined his shot up and drained it with calm poise. He turned to Trent and gave him a firm pat on the back, hyping him up. Unfortunately for Trent this wasn’t enough to seal the deal as he sent the ball ricocheting off the rim of the last cup and into the corner of the room.

The crowd once again went crazy and Ronnie pulled Carrie into a tight embrace. Mark leaned over, giving the two girls high fives as The Wizard and Trent came around to shake their hands. Carrie laughed at the gloating look on Ronnie’s face as the tall blonde congratulated them on their efforts.

“Can I pour you a shot?” Mark asked Carrie, grabbing her hand and pulling her in the direction of the kitchen. Carrie agreed excitedly, noting that she should probably pop to the bathroom soon. She was already pretty drunk and alcohol always went straight through her.

Mark pulled a mickey of white rum out of the back pocket of his jeans and grabbed two shot glasses off the counter, careful to rinse them in the sink. He then poured until each glass was filled to the brim.

As her brain processed that she was about to consume more alcohol, Carrie felt her bladder spasm in protest. She was beginning to realize she’d need a bathroom break soon if she was going to keep drinking. She’d have to find a way to slip away after the shot.

“So, what are we drinking to?” she asked Mark as he handed her her glass.

Raising his own in the air, he smiled at her broadly. “To our impeccable aim!” he toasted loudly.

Echoing his sentiment, Carrie knocked back the rum and immediately grimaced. This visceral reaction to the alcohol caused Mark to laugh and tease her about it. “You’re cute when you’re trying not to gag.”

Carrie felt a rush of excitement at the compliment. “I’m even cuter when I’m gagging for other reasons,” she shot back.

Mark stared at her, mouth agape, shocked by her boldness. Carrie was appalled at how forward she had been, and turned redder than a tomato.

“I’m sorry, sometimes I blurt things out.”

“Don’t worry,” he replied, stepping closer. His voice dropped to more of a hushed tone. “It’s refreshing for a girl to be the one with the overboard pickup line.”

Overboard? Carrie was mortified! Mark was leaning in, eyes closing slowly, clearly attempting to kiss her… but Carrie wanted nothing to do with it. Swerving the kiss, she pecked one on his cheek and then bolted out of the kitchen into the hallway. As she rushed around the corner, she ran directly into her sister.

In the 45 minutes since they had seen each other last, Bianca had gotten significantly more drunk and she swayed as she spoke to her sister.

“Carrie! Where have you been?”

“Literally nowhere Bianca. Why are you avoiding me?”

“I’m not avoiding you lil sis, I’ve just been mingling,” Bianca countered as she rested an arm on Carrie’s shoulder.

“Whatever, you’re never as excited to see me as you are to see my friends,” Carrie complained, turning to walk away.

“That’s not true,” Bianca complained. “I just hadn’t seen Ronnie in foreverrr. I love you sis!”

“Stop being such a bitch,” Carrie said, pushing Bianca away as she attempted to hug her.

“Is this because I haven’t been coming home much?” Bianca asked as stumbled back into the wall.

“Yeah, you always ditch me for everyone else!” Carrie felt tears welling up in her eyes and she tried to push them back down.

“I’m sorry Carrie, I’ve just been having a hard time getting along with Mom and Dad lately. You know it’s not because of you!”

Carrie finally let her older sister hug her as she collapsed into her arms, tears streaming down her face. It was an immense relief to know that her sister didn’t dislike her and she was grateful they were finally having this conversation, even if drunk. Suddenly, Bianca abruptly broke the hug apart and pushed back.

“I need to piss like a race horse,” she said to Carrie. “Let’s continue this convo in the bathroom.”

Feeling her own bladder tingle at the suggestion, Carrie agreed. Although she was extremely pee shy, which had unfortunately led to an accident in the fall, Carrie had always been able to pee in front of her sister. She looked forward to the feeling of an empty bladder as she followed Bianca down the hall.

As the two sisters arrived to the bathroom door, they found a line of a dozen people stretched down the hallway. Joining at the back, they began discussing their respective fall semesters and the fun times they’d been having as party music pounded in their ears. Standing in line, Carrie felt her need to pee worsening and she crossed one leg over the other as the conversation continued. Carrie watched in fascination as her sister slowly spiralled into a state of utter desperation. The petite blonde had started marching on the spot before progressing to a wiggle. Finally after about 8 minutes, she had begun gripping at her crotch with her left hand. Shooting Carrie a dirty look, she whispered, “Tell anyone about this and I kill you.”

Unfortunately, after ten minutes, the girls had only advanced three spots in line. Carrie wasn’t faring too well but she knew her sister was doing way worse.

“Fuck,” Bianca groaned. “I can’t hold it! Follow me!”

Dashing down the hallway, she darted towards one of the closed doors. Carrie followed at her heels, hoping to god that there was another secret bathroom in this apartment.

Bianca threw open the door, revealing a tiny cramped office. There was a desk against the far wall that was covered in stacks of paper. A bookshelf on one side of the room had a small lamp that was emitting a warm orange glow. Under the desk was Mr. Whisker’s kitty litter box which was emitting a foul odour. It clearly hadn’t been cleaned in awhile. There were also a few sets of shoes on the floor and a stack of dirty plates from meals presumably eaten late at night. All in all, the room was a thorough mess.

“Is this your office?” Carrie asked, wrinkling her nose at the smell. “How will this help?”

“Just shut up,” Bianca called in a panic as she started tossing boots off of the floor onto her desk. Reaching under the desk, she pulled out the last thing that Carrie had expected; the kitty litter box!

Sliding it into the middle of the room, Bianca was frantically dancing out of control. Reaching down, the petite blonde grabbed under the hem of her green dress and yanked it over her head, throwing it into a clump on the bookshelf. Carrie quickly averted her eyes as she realized that her sister wasn’t wearing a bra and was writhing around in nothing but her black lace panties. Her boobs were bouncing around untethered in her raw desperation.

“Don’t be a prude Carrie,” Bianca gasped, as she yanked down the panties and squatted over the litter. With a moan, a torrent of pee burst from her unshaven pussy into the sandy substance below her, emitting a loud hiss. Carrie stared at her sister’s stream transfixed, her own bladder protesting against the display as it urged her to follow Bianca’s example. Carrie jammed her own hand into her crotch and endured the sounds of the deluge. Finally, Bianca’s stream slowed to a trickle. The grey litter substance had been stained a darker shade and steam rose from where the stream was hitting.

“Holy fuck, that was way too close,” Bianca said, as she stood without wiping and yanked up her panties. “Your turn Carrie!”

“Absolutely not, that was simply foul!” Carrie exclaimed, grossed out by her sister’s behaviour. “Why would you even think of that?”

“It’s always been a decent option,” Bianca replied.

“You’ve done it before?” Carrie replied, aghast.

“Sometimes Fabio takes king poops in the evenings and I’m forced to take desperate measures. You see, this one time…”

“Whatever!” Carrie almost shouted, cutting off her sister. “I don’t want to hear about it and I’m not going to be convinced.”

“Your loss sis, just try not to pee your pants!” The nearly nude Bianca took a jab at her sister’s bladder, prompting Carrie to squeal and dodge.

As her sister began to put back on her dress, Carrie told herself that she’d be fine. Her shyness wouldn’t cause her to pee herself again like the concert in the fall. She’d be able to wait until she got to a toilet.

———-

30 minutes later, as the clock struck 11:20, Carrie was starting to worry she wouldn’t be able to wait until she could get to a toilet. Returning to the party, she had been sucked into a conversation with Laura and some of her sister’s friends and she had been unable to escape back to the long bathroom line. Never one to interrupt, she had been trying to wait it out. Unfortunately, the other people were fangirling over Laura’s soccer performance over the school year and recounting their experience watching her on TV. Carrie had started to zone out, her mind wandering to the thought of how nice it would be to drop her jeans and fill a toilet bowl with her golden fluids. She imagined the relief, the satisfaction, the sensation of the pee soaking into the crotch of her panties… wait what?

In horror, Carrie realized she had just leaked into her panties without even noticing it was happening. She needed to get to a bathroom right now.

“Laura!” Carrie whispered, tugging on her brunette friend’s sleeve. “Can we pop to the bathroom? I’m absolutely bursting!”

“Yeah sure,” Laura whispered back. “My teeth are floating too, I’ve been needing to go for like an hour. Besides, we can smoke my joint while we do it.”

Carrie was relieved that Laura was so easy to convince. The two girls made their excuses and stepped away, slipping into the hallway to check the line. It still was about 8 people long and progress looked slow.

“I’m not waiting in that,” Laura groaned. “C’mon, let’s pee outside.”

Carrie was not a big fan of this idea but she knew she didn’t have much choice. Her bladder certainly couldn’t wait until that line had moved and she didn’t want to pee her pants, even though she was heavily intoxicated.

Arm in arm, the two girls stumbled to the door and slipped on their shoes. They stepped out of the apartment and approached the elevator. After pressing the button, the elevator doors opened nearly immediately. As they got in, Carrie felt her urge suddenly increase and she grabbed at her crotch.

“Damn, you DO really have to go,” Laura remarked, crossing her own legs and unbuttoning her jeans.

“Yeah, I’ve been putting it off for ages and I definitely had too much to drink.” As if to emphasize her point, the elevator stopped abruptly and the drunken Carrie fell flat on her ass.

This set Laura off laughing, before a look of surprise came over her face and she froze.

“I just leaked,” she whimpered. “Hurry up.”

The two girls rushed across the lobby, pushed through the front doors of the building and rushed out into the cold and snowy winter air.

“Quick, around the side of the building,” Carrie called and led the way back to a secluded area. Near the back of the building, there was a big blue dumpster that held all of the residents garbage. Carrie led the way around and began dancing and fumbling with her belt as she got into the area concealed from the street by the dumpsters shape. Laura walked up behind her, fished her lighter out of her pocket and leaned against the building. Shielded from the wind, she lit her blunt with ease. In seconds, the pungent smell of marijuana hit Carrie’s nostrils as she frantically danced around.

“Fuck, Laura, I can’t get my jeans undone,” Carrie cursed. “Can you please undo my belt for me?”

“Absolutely,” Laura replied. “Here, hold my blunt. Feel free to have a hit.”

Gingerly taking the lit blunt from her fingertips, Carrie took a pull as Laura bent down and began fiddling with her belt. The smoke filled her lungs and Carrie smiled. She had missed the warm comfort of weed. Her bladder panted again for release, but Carrie continued to force herself to stand still as Laura worked at the belt.

“Geez girl, you tightened this so much,” Laura complained as she struggled to undo it. Finally, she managed to get the belt free.

“Thank fuck,” Carrie gasped, quickly passing the blunt back to Laura who took another hit. “Can you stand guard?”

“Sure!” Laura positioned herself so that Carrie was completely shielded from anyone who may walk around the dumpster towards them.

Carrie dropped her jeans and pink lace panties to her ankles, exposing her hairy muff to the cool winter air. Careful to spread her feet a good distance, she squatted down and tried to release her bladder.

“Can you hurry up and go? I really need to go too,” Laura said, crossing her legs and squirming as she continued smoking with her back to Carrie.

Carrie grimaced and tried to force the pee out. She was incredibly desperate, her urethra burning from the intense pressure, and yet she couldn’t relax. Her pee shy nature was coming back to haunt her once again.

“Hey Laura, do you mind please plugging your ears?” Laura immediately obliged, but try as she might, Carrie still couldn’t pee.

“Did you go?”

“No, I’m really pee shy,” Carrie explained. “You go first, I’ll keep watch.”

“Oh thank fuck!” Laura gasped, dropping her already unbuttoned jeans and revealing a pair of blue boyshorts. Carrie was surprised to see that there was a tiny wet spot in the crotch. Laura rapidly yanked those down as well and squatted with a loud moan.

“Holy fuckkkkk,” she gasped as pee flowed out of her, spraying onto the pavement loudly. It began to pool and flow forward, soaking the underside of Laura’s shoes. The brunette didn’t seem to notice or care.

The sound of Laura’s pee made Carrie gasp in need as she maintained her squat. The sound was increasing her need but she still couldn’t get anything to come out. She could only watch helplessly as Laura received the relief that Carrie herself desperately craved.

Finally, Laura’s stream died down to a drip and then a stop. She shook her butt to get some pee off and then pulled up her underwear and pants.

“Still can’t go?” Laura asked sympathetically.

“Nope,” Carrie replied with annoyance. “I think I’m just gonna try again in a bit. Let’s finish your blunt and then get back inside for countdown. I’ll go after.”

With that she too pulled up her pants and the two girls began to pass the blunt back and forth, enjoying the cold night air.

———

Carrie wished she’d been able to pee. They were two minutes from countdown and she was using every muscle in her body to hold back the flood as she gyrated on the dance floor that Bianca’s kitchen had become. The dancing was the only thing that was allowing her to keep control and she knew she’d have to rush to a bathroom immediately after countdown. The copious amounts of alcohol she had

Luckily, Carrie had a foolproof plan. As soon as the countdown was over and everyone was distracted by their New Years’ kiss, she would slip away and use Mr. Whisker’s kitty litter like her sister had done. She just had to wait a little over another minute and she’d be able to relax and go.

“Hey! Hey everyone! Listen up!” Bianca was standing on the coffee table in her living room, Fabio beside her, banging on a champagne flute with a butter knife. Everyone turned to see what the petite faux blonde had to say.

“Thank you all for coming tonight! There’s no other way I’d rather start off a new year. As you know, countdown is about to start! Clue your eyes to someone special and let’s do this thing!”

With that, everyone began to push their way through the crowd towards their significant others or whoever they’d been flirting with all night. Carrie stood still with her legs crossed. She just had to make it like 30 more seconds…

“10… 9…. 8….” Bianca began to shout from her elevated vantage point.

Suddenly, Carrie felt someone grab her arm. Turning in surprise, she found herself face to face with Mark, the nice Asian guy from earlier that evening.

“7… 6… 5…”

“Mark! What’s up…?”

He only smiled at her in response, stepped closer and put his arms around her waist.

“4… 3… 2… 1… HAPPY NEW YEAR!!!” Everyone screamed in excitement and blew into kazoos. People were kissing left and right. Mark pulled Carrie’s petite frame closer, bent down and kissed her.

Carrie panicked. Her plan had been delayed and Mark making a move caught her off guard. In the shock of the moment her bladder betrayed her and she felt a trickle of pee begin to hit her panties.

“Fuck!” Carrie pushed Mark away dramatically. “I’m sorry, I just really need to pee!”

She bolted from the room, pee streaming down her thighs and saturating her jeans a dark blue. She charged down the hallway, through open the door to her sister’s study and began to fumble with her belt. In horror, she realized that the belt was once again stuck!

“Fuckkkk,” Carrie groaned as she began to fully pee her pants. The dark patches that had already reached her knees now expanded down her inner calves. Pee soaked into the tops of her socks and saturated the weird grey carpet. Carrie felt herself sagging in defeat and collapsed sideways in her drunken mess, leaning against the bookshelf for support. As the urine continued to seep into the carpet, Carrie felt a lump well up in her throat. It was the cusp of 2023 and she was already starting it off on the wrong foot. As the emotions overtook her, she wanted nothing more than to leave.

Carrie threw open the door and rushed down the hallway to the front door, pee still coming out into her jeans. The flow was turning into a trickle and she was doing her best to ignore it as she rushed to put on her shoes, not even bothering to tie them.

Leaving the apartment, Carrie rushed to the stairwell instead of the elevator. As she ran down the stairs two at a time, she opened her contact list to the one person who might understand her pain. Hitting the dial button, she waited for the person to pick up. Finally, as she pushed through the door outside into the snowy lane behind the building, she heard someone pick up on the other end.

“Hello?”

“Hey Sarah, do you have a sec?”

There was a long pause on the other end of the line and Carrie felt the realization of what she had done hit her. Why was she calling Sarah? They weren’t THAT close and the other girl was likely occupied at her own New Years celebration.

“Uh… yeah, I’ve got a sec. What’s up?” Sarah finally replied. Carrie breathed a massive sigh of relief.

“Sorry, I’m really drunk. I peed myself tonight and it really upset me and I figured I’d call you to vent.”

There was another pause before Sarah awkwardly replied. “Don’t worry, it happens. You saw me pee myself drunk on Labor Day and you really helped me out. I’d love to return the favour.”

“You already returned the favour when I wet myself at the concert though,” Carrie replied through a sniffle. “I’m sorry, it was stupid of me to call.”

“No, don’t say that. I can hear that you’re upset. And besides, accidents happen. We can’t help it sometimes.” Sarah was doing her best to comfort her friend.

“I know. I just feel like I haven’t been in touch with myself lately and this shit keeps happening,” Carrie cried.

“You keep having accidents?” Sarah asked, surprised.

“No!” Carrie shot back. “I meant I keep ignoring my wants and needs.”

“Oh? Like what?”

Carrie paused, building up her courage as she sat on the curb in her dripping pants. The dampness had gotten clammy and cold and she felt disgusting. Wiping tears and snot from her face, she decided to spit it out.

“Sarah, ever since that night at the Hairy Cougars I’ve had a crush on you.”

There was a long pause, as Sarah seemed to gather her thoughts on the other end of the phone.

“Carrie, I’m flattered but… but why?”

“When you drunkenly kissed me in the car on the way home, I got really confused. I liked it, Sarah. I want to do it again.”

There was another long pause and Carrie felt her heart beating a mile a minute. Finally Sarah spoke up.

“Carrie, I’m really flattered but I’m unfortunately not into girls. I’m actually at a party with Jackson right now, and I think things are getting a bit more serious.”

Carrie started to cry softly but kept trying to force herself to stop. Why had Sarah had to mention Jackson? Fuck, she was so jealous of the man. Gaining control of the tears, she spoke again. “It’s fine, I understand. I just wanted to let you know.”

“I appreciate you telling me and I’m sorry I don’t feel the same way.” Carrie cringed as Sarah delivered the kind platitudes. “I’ll see you back at school soon and we’ll talk more then. Happy New Year Carrie.”

“Happy New Year,” Carrie whispered back, before ending the call. As soon as the caller ID disappeared, the petite brunette burst into sobs that made her whole body shake. Her pee soaked jeans were starting to get really cold but she still didn’t want to go back inside and face everyone. How had the night been such a disaster?

She sat there crying and crying until the door behind her opened with a click. Spinning around, Carrie found her tear stained face looking up at Ronnie. The tall blonde gave her a look of concern.

“I saw you leave and I figured I’d check up on you. Are you alright?” Glancing down at Carrie’s discoloured denim clad legs, she followed it up with, “Did you pee your pants?”

“I peed my pants and told Sarah I have a crush on her,” Carrie gulped through her tears.

“Oh wow, I’m sorry. I assume she didn’t reciprocate the sentiment.

Carrie shook her head, prompting Ronnie to pull her into a tight hug. Leaning in, she whispered in Carrie’s ear. “That was really brave of you.”

“I don’t feel very brave. I just want to cuddle up in bed with hot cocoa,” Carrie sniffled.

“That can be arranged. Bianca is kicking everyone out soon anyways and I can prepare our futon.”

“Thank you Ronnie,” Carrie mumbled into her friend's shoulder. “Can I please borrow your jacket in the meantime?”

Raising her eyebrow in an ‘I told you so’ look, Ronnie slid off her leather jacket and put it around the shoulders of her crying friend.

“Someday you’ll learn to listen to me,” Ronnie said with an eye roll. “But apparently this isn’t the year…”

*032*2023-04-03 02:17

Hi all! This chapter leads off the first portion of the second half of the series. It finally introduces David, Victoria's sister who broke Maddy's heart. It will also serve as a mini sequel to Chapter 10. There is no messing in it.

It's probably going to be the last chapter featuring April for awhile, so please let me know what you think of her. Is she too bratty?

Chapter 12: Taboozing and the Terrors of Mittens

“So, are any of your mentor’s friends cute?” David asked Victoria nonchalantly as he watched his little sister apply her makeup in the mirror of her dorm room.

Without looking up, Victoria immediately shot him down. “No way David, you’re not allowed to hit on them! I barely know any of them other than Jules anyways and you’re NOT going to embarrass me!”

“C’mon sis, you know I’d never embarrass you intentionally! I’m just curious!”

“David, the whole group already thinks you have terrible taste for dating Maddy Dillinger. There’s no way they’ll give you the time of day,” Victoria replied, annoyed that her brother had even felt the need to raise this topic.

David had come to visit Victoria for Frost Festival, the party tradition at the Greatwestern University that was held the first week back at school every January. The festival consisted of various drinking events for the first nine nights and was notorious for getting rowdy and reckless.

Victoria hoped to god that they wouldn’t bump into Maddy at all that week. The girl had been terrorizing her and her mentor Jules’ other friends all fall semester, even causing another girl and Victoria herself to have embarrassing pee accidents. She didn’t care for anyone’s feelings except her own and she had clung to David like a leech for their entire relationship. Victoria had grown to loath the curly brunette with every fibre of her being.

“Fine, I promise not to make things weird,” David told his sister.

This didn’t do much to alleviate Victoria’s concerns. With her brown hair in a middle part, his kind brown eyes and his soft smile, Victoria knew her brother was considered an attractive young man by many people. She just had to hope that everyone had the sense not to fall for his charms.

———-

“Hurry up, I’m freezing,” Victoria complained as she and David plodded up the driveway to 54 Sherbrooke, her mentor Jules’ student house. The blizzard that she had heard about seemed to be starting and heavy flurries were spiralling lazily around her head as she walked past the grey Toyota Corolla and green Volkswagen Beetle parked in the free spots. Their windshields had already been covered in snow and Victoria couldn’t help but wonder how much snow was truly going to come down as the night progressed. Her boots crunched through several accumulated inches. Dusting them off on the porch mat, Victoria rang the doorbell.

“Shit, we’re gonna freeze tonight,” she complained to her brother.

“I told you not to wear ripped jeans and a crop top,” David replied in exasperation, mocking her choice of outfit.

“We’re going out, I have to look cute!” Victoria explained, even as her knees and arms felt chilled beneath her coat and jeans. “You know I’m recently single!”

“Just because your dumbass ex boyfriend couldn’t handle you pissing yourself, doesn’t mean you need to suffer more.”

Victoria punched her brother in joking annoyance and then rang the doorbell again.

———-

As the doorbell rang for a second time, April Dalton looked to her sister and asked the obvious question. “You gonna get that?”

“Of course, one sec!” Sarah replied, chopping the last of the watermelon on her cutting board.

April was excited for what the night had in store. Having come up to Greatwestern earlier that day to party with her sister Sarah, April was already quite tipsy as she stood in the kitchen mixing up a big bowl of spiked punch. She was dressed in faded blue jeans and a red bralette that emphasized her small bust in a way that improved her confidence. She looked like a mini version of her pretty wasian sister with the way they had both parted their hair down the middle.

“I don’t get why we’re making spiked punch for a pre,” Jules giggled, staring into the red tinged substance in the large glass bowl. Even from two feet away, April could smell the potency of the alcohol wafting through the air. She had poured in inordinate amounts of vodka, tequila and rum despite the fact that she knew how bad it was to mix so many forms of hard liquor. To be completely honest, her risky mixing was coming from a need to overcome her recent problems. It had been really hard for April to come clean to her parents about just how bad her GPA was and the fact that she was likely going to be ejected from her program. 

She could still picture the look on her father’s face as she told him; it was one of pure disappointment. She had had to endure the cold shoulder and disappointed looks from both parents all break. Sarah had done the best to stand up for her, but they had insisted that April come look at Greatwestern during Frost Week to see if it would be a more suitable fit. April was bummed that she wouldn’t get to hang out with her friends at her own school all week, but at least Sarah’s friends seemed to be fun. If she was lucky, maybe she’d bump into the cute girl she’d met at Sarah’s boy toy’s Christmas party… she still couldn’t get Hazel out of her head.

“I plan on being thoroughly sloshed tonight, and punch will be a tool to help me get there,” April told Jules, laughing.

“Careful, last time your sister got thoroughly sloshed she pissed herself at the club,” Jules teased.

“Heyyy shut up!” Sarah protested. That was ONE TIME! Besides, the chart seems to say you’ve been there too”

April glanced at the piece of paper on the fridge that her sister was gesturing at. It had been divided into rows denoting each member of their friend group and columns with the headers “#1” and “#2”. There were marks corresponding with names and columns and April realized in shock that this was the Piddle Pants Club that her sister had mentioned to her. She’d always figured it was a joke, not something that they advertised publicly on their fridge.

Jules shrugged nonchalantly. “It helped me become close with Victoria so I can’t really complain, as embarrassing as it was.”

The doorbell rang again, echoing through the house.

“Holy shit Sarah, are you ever gonna get the door?” April asked exasperated.

“Don’t worry, I’ve got it,” Jules said cheerfully. The freckled blonde skipped out of the kitchen and down the hall to the door. “It’s probably Victoria!”

———

“My god, they’re so slow! They’re probably already drunk!” Victoria exclaimed as she froze on the welcome mat.

“Drunk? It’s like 8pm,” David replied, surprised.

“Oh, these girls party hard!” Victoria had been shocked at their ability to stomach inordinate amounts of alcohol every time she drank with them. Each party only shocked her further at how crazy they would get.

“Everything you’ve described about Jules has made her seem nerdy as shit, no offence,” David said, disbelieving.

“We’ll Jules is the most tame of them. She’s so smart and interesting!”

At that moment, the door swung open revealing Jules herself. The petite French-Armenian blonde was looking stunning in a gold open backed top and black jeans.

“Hey Jules!” Victoria exclaimed excitedly upon seeing her program mentor. “Happy New Year!”

Jules froze in the doorway, staring at David in his plaid flannel and jeans. Then, stumbling over her words, she managed to spit out an awkward, “Hey!”

“Uhhh… hi,” David replied, confused at Jules’ strange reaction.

Blushing red, Jules quickly pulled Victoria into a tight hug. As they embraced, Victoria could feel the quickness of her mentor’s heartbeat through her shirt.

“Smooth,” she whispered to Jules with a smirk.

Jules made big eyes at her and then awkwardly introduced herself to David. David shook her hand and began explaining how much he’d heard about Jules from his sister, only prompting the girl to turn so red that her freckles disappeared.

“I really appreciate you standing up to those bullies for her,” David said. “And I’m glad to see all your positive influence. Victoria used to be a real bitch.”

“Hey,” Victoria called, punching her brother on the arm and rolling her eyes.

“Hahaha, she used to be quite the princess when I met her. Too cool for me for sure!” Jules teased.

“Not anymore!” Victoria countered. “When Jules stood up for me to my fake friends, she impressed all the sorority girls. Now she’s worshipped by all the cool people at Greatwestern.”

“Damn, I wasn’t warned that I was in the presence of an influencer,” David teased. “Can I get your autograph?”

Jules blushed beet red and retorted. The group all entered the front hall of the house and began removing their boots and coats. At that moment, Sarah and another wasian girl who looked a lot like her came to the door to greet Jules and David. Victoria assumed this must be April, Sarah’s little sister who was visiting for the week.

“Hey, you must be Victoria,” the girl said confidently. “I’m April! I’m actually in first year like you!”

“Cool!” Victoria said, smiling. “We’ll have plenty to chat about then!”

The group stepped through the doorway and into the house. As they passed each other, Jules grabbed Victoria by the arm and held her behind everyone else. In a hushed tone, Jules hissed “You didn’t tell me your brother was so cute!”

“He’s my brother! Ew!” Victoria whispered back.

“It caught me off guard,” Jules retorted with a blush. She then followed everyone else towards the living room leaving Victoria smirking in the front hall.

As the snow kept spiralling down outside, Victoria couldn’t help but feel like this was going to be a very interesting night.

———

An hour later, April was thoroughly tipsy. The jungle juice was just as potent as she’d hoped and she was loving every moment of it. Sarah’s roommates Carmen, Laura, Ronnie and Erika had trudged out in the blizzard to go pre at Carrie’s while April herself, Sarah, Jules, Victoria and David stayed back awaiting Jackson’s arrival. Jackson and Sarah were finally talking seriously and April was actually excited to see him, even if it was only so that she might bump into Hazel, his cute sister.

As they waited for Jackson to make his appearance, the group was playing a variety of drinking games. April had lost thoroughly at Never Have I Ever and Ride the Bus and the alcohol had her head spinning as she sat next to her sister on the couch.

“Jackson says the snow is getting really bad out there,” Sarah said as she pointed out the living room window. “Apparently Brock’s party might get canceled.”

“Fuck,” David groaned. “It can’t be that bad, can it? I don’t want to get snowed in.”

“It doesn’t look like it will be stopping anytime soon,” Sarah replied.

Jules whipped out her phone and checked the weather app. “It looks like it’s going to keep coming down until tomorrow at 11am. We’re projected to get around 11 inches.”

“11 inches?! That’s like the most ever!” Victoria was shocked by her mentor’s words. “Surely that’s gotta be a mistake.”

“Looks like we’re gonna end up stuck drinking here,” Sarah said in a disappointed tone. “I’m sorry April, I really wanted to show you a good time tonight.”

“Don’t worry sis, I’m having a blast,” April reassured her sister. “Besides, I’d be so down to go out into the storm.”

“Out into the storm? Are you crazy?” Sarah asked, surprised at her sister’s brash idea.

“Yeah, we could go Taboozing,” April suggested. The idea provoked some confused looks from the girls.

“Holy shit, I haven’t done that since high school,” David said excitedly.

“What even is Taboozing?” Jules asked.

“It’s drunk tobogganing,” April explained.

“That sounds really dangerous,” Jules replied, her arms crossed over each other.

“Nahhhh it’s fun,” David reassured her. “We’ll be safe.”

“Fine,” Jules found herself agreeing. David seemed to have a way of convincing herself to be a bit more reckless than usual, and April noticed Victoria smirking at her mentor’s acquiescence.

April smiled, satisfied that she had convinced everyone to undertake an adventure in the blizzard. She had seen a pretty good hill on her way driving into town with her sister and was already fantasizing about the wind blowing in her hair as she sledded down. She planned on getting a bit more drunk and then hitting the slopes in a very sloppy state.

As her head swam from the copious amounts of jungle juice in her system, her bladder reminded her that she should definitely visit a toilet before they headed out.

———-

As the group trudged through the deep snow in their winter gear, Victoria began to regret her decision to not use the bathroom before leaving. April’s potent jungle juice was sloshing around in her overfilled bladder as they began to climb the hill in the centre of the park down the street from the house. Bundled into her purple snowpants and matching purple winter jacket and mittens, her boots crunched through the soft powder as the plastic sled dragged behind her. She hoped she could hold it until she got back, since the thought of dropping her snowpants, jeans and underwear to yellow a snowbank sounded like a horrible way to freeze her ass off.

Ahead of Victoria, Jules and her brother were deep in conversation about some political topic that didn’t interest her in the slightest. She was glad they were getting along but she hated the fact that Jules was clearly very into her brother. David always had that effect on girls and Victoria had grown to loathe the way he lead them on. She was going to kill him if he did the same to Jules.

“Damn, the two pairs of lovebirds are making me sick,” April announced as she trudged up beside Victoria. Glancing behind her Victoria saw that Sarah and Jackson, who had finally arrived, were holding hands as they each dragged a sled through the snow.

“Guess we’re gonna have to stick together,” Victoria told the drunk brunette. April was clad in a red winter jacket, black snowpants and a white tuque. Her big black wool mittens covered her hands and made her look a little bit like an awkward panda.

“Don’t worry, we’ll be the ultimate dynamic duo. I think we’re both the perfect level of drunk for Taboozing.” April was growing on Victoria. Victoria appreciated the girl’s blunt, no nonsense nature. She was always down for fun and not afraid of speaking her mind, and Victoria had been very impressed by how well she got along with so many people older than her. All the fourth years took her just as seriously as they took their peers.

“When we get to the top of the hill, let’s ditch these guys so they can get it on. I want to catch some real air,” April suggested to Victoria.

“OMG, we should pile up snow and make a jump,” Victoria agreed. She’d done it many times before with her brother in their childhood. Even though they didn’t have a shovel, it’d still be possible to achieve.

As they plodded their way up the hill in the centre of the park, Victoria couldn’t help but pause periodically to squeeze her legs together. Her need to pee was increasing to a level of discomfort and she was hoping that April wouldn’t notice her immature fidgeting. After her two pee accidents in the fall, Victoria had grown incredibly fearful of her bladder. For a time, she had even started wearing diapers when her confidence was at its lowest. In recent months though, thanks to Jules’ incredible support, her confidence had returned and she had gone back to no longer wearing diapers. There was still a level of fear that she just couldn’t dismiss and the thought of an accident haunted her every time she got an urge.

“You okay?” April asked, looking back at the stationary blonde. Her momentary distraction caused her to stumble and Victoria couldn’t help but smile at April’s obvious drunkenness.

“I’m fine,” Victoria assured her. “I just kind of need to pee.”

“Me toooo,” April giggled, crossing her legs dramatically. “I totally forgot to go before we left. I’m gonna have to squat at some point.”

“Ew, I hate peeing outdoors. I’m definitely holding it until we’re back.”

“Why would you pick an unnecessary battle when you could just go?” April teased her new friend, perplexed at her logic. “I’m gonna go squat after we build this jump.”

Looking up the hill, Victoria saw that the rest of the group wasn’t paying them any attention as they continued upward. Analyzing the slope of the hill and the distance from the top, she thought that this would honestly be a good spot for a jump. “Let’s build it right here April, and then I’ll cover for you while you squat.”

“Only if you squat with me girly,” April replied earnestly. “I’m not letting you wet yourself again.”

“How do you know I’ve wet myself before,” Victoria asked, taken aback. Was April going to bully her like everyone else?

“Oh I just saw the Piddle Pants Club thing on my sister’s fridge. You had two marks for accidents. Don’t worry, it happens to the best of us!”

“It’s happened to you too?” Victoria asked, surprised that the brunette would admit to something so embarrassing.

“Not fully. Can I swear you to secrecy?” April asked, as she leaned against Victoria and crossed her legs in her tipsy state.

“Of course,” the blonde promised, setting down her toboggan in preparation for constructing the ramp. She did her best to support the off balance girl as she began to elaborate.

“I had to go really badly when I was drunk at a Christmas Party back in December but all the bathrooms were taken!” Then in a conspiratorial whisper, April added, “I literally haven’t told anyone this so you cannot utter a word to ANYONE!”

Victoria was flattered that April trusted her this match after only knowing each other a couple hours.

“Anyways, I was hanging out with this really cute girl that I wanted to impress… Jackson’s little sister actually,” April continued.

“Oh, do you bat for both teams?” Victoria asked curiously.

“Yessss bi baddies represent!” April replied excitedly. “Do you?”

“Nope, I’m straight as a laser beam unfortunately.”

“Haha men do suck,” April commiserated. “Yeah so then I had to pee and there was no bathroom and I ended up peeing in a vase in front of this cute girl after totally soaking my underwear. Totally humiliating.”

“OMG girly, I’m so sorry that happened to you. Did it ruin your shot with the baddie?”

“No, she actually kissed me,” April replied giddily. Victoria couldn’t help but notice that the girl was now aggressively crossing and uncrossing her legs. “But she’s a terrible texter so I don’t think it’s going to go anywhere. She goes to school here though so I’m debating hitting her up while I’m in town.”

“Hit her up!” Victoria immediately encouraged. “What could go wrong?”

“She could think I’m crazy for obsessing over her for a month.”

“Girl, she kissed you after you peed in a vase. She clearly has no concept of weird,” Victoria reassured her teasingly.

“Shut up Ms Piddle Pants Club,” April giggled, then aggressively groped her crotch with a mittened hand. “Fuck, I need to pee so badly. Can we postpone making this ramp and sled down the hill to that grove of bushes so I can go?”

“Of course,” Victoria agreed, concerned that her new friend may actually be on the brink of an accident. She had to go quite badly by now, but she pushed the thought to the back of her mind as she picked up her toboggan and began to climb on. “Let’s get you down there right now!”

————-

April had waited too long to find a bathroom and was now reaping the consequences. As Victoria readied the sled for their descent to a secluded spot where they could be in private, April began to drunkenly pee in her clothes. The initial spurt was warm and damp in the gusset of her satin panties. The second spurt was slightly longer and she knew that it had probably made it through to her jeans. Luckily none of this was visible beneath her snow pants but she was alarmed at the speed with which her drunk bladder was betraying her AGAIN.

“Come on, hop on!” Victoria called, seating herself at the back of the sled and patting the front of the bright green plastic. “You look like you’re going to explode.”

April grimaced at the comment, her crotch of her blue jeans warm with sticky pee. She was grateful that Victoria was unaware just how bad things were getting. Waddling over the sled, she plunked herself down between Victoria’s spread legs and jammed her left hand back into her crotch, shivering in the cold. Her bladder was drawing all her body heat and her appendages were numb from the frigid air.

“Let’s get you to a nice bush,” Victoria said, kicking off and setting the toboggan in motion. The green plastic slid easily over the snow and soon the girls were careening down the hill. As they whipped through the falling snow, April could make out her sister whooping from above in excitement at their descent.

“Lean left or we’re gonna hit that tree!” Victoria yelled over the rushing air.

Glancing ahead at their path, April saw a massive fir tree looming. The two girls were heading straight for it with blistering speed, and April felt her stomach do a somersault.

“If I lean I’m going to explode,” she wailed back. Her bladder was pulsating in desperation and she knew any sudden movement would make her completely lose the battle.

“You’ve gotta try.”

April heard Victoria’s shout the words from behind her, and she closed her eyes. She could feel Victoria leaning behind her and she braces herself to help out her purple clad friend. With a jerk, she forced her body to lean to the left.

Immediately, April felt a jet of pee soak into her panties and down the inner thighs of her jeans. Her butt felt warm as well as the lean caused her bladder to restart its emptying. The jungle juice was begging to be released into her pants and the typhoon had begun.

Thankfully for the girls, their leaning in tandem allowed them to reorient the green sled and narrowly miss the tree. Shooting past it, they finally hit flat ground. Each bump only jostled April’s bladder more and more as the sled slid to a stop. As they finally halted in their tracks, April couldn’t help but let out a soft whimper. There was no stopping the pee as it pooled around her ass and soaked the inner material of her black snow pants.

“Hurry, get behind those bushes and pee!” Victoria called, leaping to her feet and offering April a hand. April took the hand gratefully and stumbled to her feet, knowing it was much to late. Her bladder was seconds from empty as her golden nectar snaked down her now upright legs.

April realized, glancing down at her black snow pants that she could get away with this just like last time. She could go behind the bushes and pretend to squat and Victoria would be none the wiser. No one had to know what had happened if she could change discreetly when they got back.

“Thanks for the assist,” April said as she forced a smile at the blonde and rushed into the bushes to fake pee.

———

The ride down the hill had not been kind to Victoria’s bladder. As the green sled had rattled along through the snow, Victoria had gritted her teeth as her need to pee had increased by a tenfold. Now, as April disappeared into the underbrush to relieve herself, Victoria realized she’d need to do the same. There was no way she’d make it home in time to pee.

Noting that April had darted into the bushes to the left, Victoria scrambled in and to the right. She firmly squeezed herself through her purple snow pants as she did so and she felt the alcohol begging to explode out of her.

“Fuck, please no,” she whimpered as she desperately used her free hand to push branches aside in her mad dash. She couldn’t pee herself again, it would destroy her confidence all over again.

Reaching a small open area that was well hidden from the edges of the bushes, Victoria dropped her snow pants - or at least she tried to. In a panic, the blonde began to fumble with the zipper in her mittened hands. She couldn’t seem to grab ahold of the zipper without the use of her fingers and in rising desperation she kept clawing at her crotch. As she writhed on the spot, Victoria felt a first jet of pee hit her blue lace panties beneath all her layers. She was truly on the brink of yet another accident.

Not thinking straight, Victoria’s brain told her there was only one solution remaining to her. Doing her best to remain in control, she dashed in the opposite direction in a frantic last ditch effort to get April’s help.

“April!” she cried, in a desperate bid to get the petite brunette’s attention as she stumbled through the bushes.

“What’s up? I’m not decent!”

April was standing in the snow with her snow pants, pants and underwear around her ankles as she wiped her pussy with a tissue. Victoria quickly averted her eyes even though she’d already seen everything.

“I can’t get my snow pants down and I’m about to piss myself. PLEASE please PLEASE help!” Victoria begged, dancing up and down in her many layers.

“Oh my god, of course,” April said, immediately rushing to aid the blonde without even pulling up her pants. Grabbing the front of the snow pants with her bare hands, she deftly unclasped the clasp and yanked down the zipper.

“You’re all good girly!” April smiled, taking a step back.

“Thank you thank you thank you!”

Victoria immediately yanked down the snow pants and lost control. As the purple material reached her knees, a hissing sound penetrated the air as her bladder released. Victoria could only watch as April’s mouth fell open and the front of her ripped jeans turned a dark blue. The pee cascaded down her legs in dark rivulets, steam rising from the damp denim. She felt her eyes beginning to tear up as the pee started to pool in her boots.

“Oh my god Victoria, I didn’t realize you had to go that badly,” April gently said as she stepped forward to hug the sopping girl as pee still ran down her legs.

“Me neither,” Victoria sniffled. “Please don’t tell anyone April. I was bullied so much last time.”

“Bestie what?! Why would I do you dirty and tell everyone?” April made a face and seemed to ponder something for a moment. Victoria gave her a confused look.

“Fuckkk,” April complained to no one in particular. “I can’t believe I’m about to do this, but I trust you Victoria.”

Then, reaching down, April pulled up her red satin underwear and covered up her muff once again. Victoria glanced at it and was shocked to find that it was saturated with liquid, just like she was sure her own were.

“You leaked?” she asked.

“Not quite,” April replied, blushing beet red. She then pulled up her jeans over the panties. A long dark patch of liquid was visible from the crotch straight down to her ankles.

“Oh my god, you peed yourself too?” Victoria couldn’t help but smile at the brunette’s admission.

“Yeah, that ride down the hill really did me in,” April confessed. “I pissed myself a lot and I didn’t want you to find out.”

“I completely understand,” Victoria grinned, pulling April into a hug in return for the one she had received. “Your secret is safe with me.”

Grateful for the other girl’s support, April felt better about how things were unfolding. “Let’s get back to a hot shower. We can ditch the pairs of love birds.”

“Deal,” Victoria agreed as the snow spiralled around them. “Once we’re cleaned up, I’ll help you text Jackson’s sister.”

“You know you don’t have to be so nice to me, right? I’m only here for the week and then you’ll probably never see me again.”

Victoria rolled her eyes at this statement and shook her head. “I’m not being nice for no reason, dumbass. You’re a cool person and that’s hard to come by these days. Trust me, I’ve had a lot of fake friends this year.”

“Yeah, Sarah keeps telling me you’ve been pretty badly bullied. Do you have many friends outside Jules and the gang?” April asked gently.

“Not really, I’m kind of fucked when they graduate,” Victoria smiled wistfully. “I kind of wish you went here.”

“Well… well to be honest,” April sheepishly piped up. “Can you keep another secret?”

“Of course.” Victoria had just managed to do back up her snow pants which were doing a pretty good job of concealing her accident.

“I’m kind of failing out of school right now. My grades are really low and I’m not sure if Port Henry will take me back next year,” April admitted, shifting in her wet pants. The material squelched between her legs and she made a face.

“Oh shit, I’m sorry. What are you gonna do?”

“My parents want me to look into transferring here. They feel it may be a better academic environment and I can probably transfer most of my completed credits,” the brunette explained.

Victoria smiled. “I guess there’s some silver lining. Remember this April. If you ever need a friend here, I’m just a text away.”

“Thanks Victoria, you’re really too nice to me,” April replied beaming. “But speaking of texts…”

Fishing her phone out of her snow pants pocket, she quickly drafted a text message and showed it to Victoria before hitting send. Victoria gave her nod of approval, and April smiled as she sent it off to Hazel.

Hey, I’m in town. U free tn?

Epilogue:

Jules sat at the counter in the kitchen of 54 Sherbrooke with Sarah. The blonde was still giddy that David had asked for her number before departing with Victoria. As Sarah carefully poured milk into her rue for her mac and cheese, Jules found her eyes wandering to the Piddle Pants Club chart on the fridge. To her own bemusement, she noticed that Victoria had added another dash next to her name in the pee accident column. She’d have to check to make sure the first year girl was okay, but she’d seemed in good spirits by the end of the night. Glancing down the chart, Jules noted a new name at the bottom that hasn’t been there previously; April Dalton had added herself on. Jules smirked at this addition but knew better than to tell Sarah. She didn’t want to embarrass the girl who had already gone to sleep.

Shifting in her seat, Jules felt her own distended bladder asking to be released. Hanging out with David had caused her to ignore her bodily needs and she knew that she should really be getting to a toilet soon.

Glancing up from her cooking, Sarah laughed at Jules’ movements.

“You look like you’re absolutely bursting,” Sarah teased. “We can’t go having you get another mark on the chart.”

“I’ll be fine,” Jules replied. “Although it’s crazy how Ronnie still hasn’t gotten a strike yet.”

Sarah giggled at this remark and then grew silently for a moment. Finally she spoke up. “Somehow I don’t think any of us are getting out of this year without at least one tiny mishap. I sometimes think this chart is a curse.”

“Honestly, we’ve all had way worse bathroom luck than usual,” Jules agreed. “I think it’s just because we’ve been drinking more and partying harder than usual this year.”

“We’ve gotta get it all in before we graduate,” Sarah nodded. “It just sucks that there have been consequences.”

“Let’s hope there are no more,” Jules grimaced. “I’m not sure how much longer our egos can handle this.”

With that, she got up and marched to the bathroom to relieve her overfilled bladder.

*035*2023-04-09 01:14

{{On 4/5/2023 at 4:30 PM, jippy said:

Glad I found this a long time after it started so I had plenty to binge through! Excellent job

}}

Thank you for the kind words! Glad you had plenty to get through. Always open to suggestions about where the story should go next.

{{58 minutes ago, zackh8 said:

I really like April, I'll be sad to see her go if thats the direction you take

}}

Worry not, there’s definitely more to April’s story. I just know that the next few chapters will be focused back onto the fourth years and their plot lines.

