The Last Year Before They Grew Up - Page 2

Author: Caraxes 

*048*2023-07-20 17:57

I’ve been really bad at this whole posting consistently thing.

This chapter deals with the aftermath of last chapter. Will Maddy finally get what’s coming to her? Or will Ronnie finally pee herself?

NO MESSING in this chapter.

Chapter 16: The Showdown

Ronnie waded through the crowd at the Hairy Cougar, a vodka cran in each hand. The club was packed to the gills and the music was pounding, the bass reverberating and echoing through the tall blonde’s ears. At 5’11, she towered over most of the crowd, which made it much easier to spot her friends. As she moved to head towards them, she was jostled by a guy in a trucker hat and her drink in her right hand spilled over and nearly splashed onto her outfit, a white lacy bralette and blue jeans.

Ronnie still didn’t understand why Maddy had picked this venue as the location of their showdown. After Maddy had humiliated Jules a week prior by making her pee herself at a school business conference, Ronnie had found herself filled with fury. In a moment of pure emotion, she had challenged Maddy to a bladder showdown, to avenge her three friends that Maddy had humiliated through accidents over the course of the school year. Victoria, Laura and Jules had all peed themselves at Maddy’s mercy and that was not something Ronnie would stand for. Having never had an accident herself, she strongly believed she could defeat the curly haired brunette in a holding contest.

Her bladder had always been bigger than average and she had been confused how so many of her friends could wet themselves by accident. She had initially believed that Sarah’s Labor Day accident had been a one time mishap, but the ranks of the Piddle Pants Club had grown significantly over the course of the semester and a half that had followed. Despite entering into this contest, Ronnie herself had zero plans on joining the chart on her fridge in her kitchen. She wasn’t going to ever wet herself, no matter how dire the situation.

Reaching her friends on one side of the club, Ronnie heard her best friend Sarah shouting to her over the music.

“I can’t believe you challenged Maddy to a pee holding contest,” the Wasian brunette said for the millionth time that week. “I never realized you were so brash.”

“Ronnie has always been brash,” Jules asserted loudly, her voice audible over the club music. “Do you not remember when she fought that bouncer for you on Labor Day?”

“That black eye I got was a cute look,” Ronnie joked back. “But I seriously don’t think this was that brash.”

Both of her friends looked at her disbelievingly, but Ronnie could tell that Sarah was moved by her best friend’s protective actions. “We appreciate you, mama bear, but you really don’t have to do this.”

“I’m already committed,” Ronnie replied stoically. “Where are the rest of the girls anyways? Have they spotted Maddy yet?”

As if summoned, Erika, Laura, Victoria and Carmen pushed their way back through the crowd. Ronnie noted that they were all in black club outfits and couldn’t help but feel like they were mourning her downfall. Did her friends really have such little faith in her? Realizing she was overthinking, Ronnie pushed the negative thoughts from her mind. She needed to stay confident if she was going to defeat Maddy.

“What’s the news?” Sarah asked the girls curiously as soon as they were within earshot.

“She just arrived,” Laura said conspiratorially. “She’s with a whole group of her friends and she’s looking smug as fuck.”

“I don’t get why she picked this as a venue. It’s going to be impossible to hear each other speak,” Erika yelled over the music, her ginger hair swaying as she shook her head in confusion.

“I think she’s trying to pick a public setting to better embarrass Ronnie,” Sarah explained.

“That doesn’t make any sense,” Carmen interjected, some slight condescension in her tone. “It’s way too busy and loud for anyone to spare Ronnie a second glance. If she pisses herself, she can just slip away in the crowd. It’s almost the opposite of public.”

“I’m not going to piss myself anyways,” Ronnie replied confidently. “We seriously have nothing to worry about.”

Laura did not seem relieved by this statement. “I’m just worried that she has a trick up her sleeve to humiliate you, Ronnie. She literally just gave Jules a diuretic last week. She’s not afraid to play dirty and she wants to win this bet.”

“What were the terms of the bet?” Carmen asked, having been out of the loop. Ronnie hadn’t talked much about the agreement to anyone other than Sarah and Jules.

“If I win, she leaves us the fuck alone forever and has to live with the shame of pissing herself,” Ronnie explained.

“And if she wins?” Carmen asked, raising an eyebrow.

“Doesn’t matter, won’t happen.”

“Come on Ronnie, what’d you agree to?” Laura, Victoria and Erika wanted to know too and they nodded along to Carmen’s question.

“Ugh fine,” Ronnie finally conceded, taking a sip of one of her vodka crans. “I said if I piss myself, I’ll run naked from the Athletic Centre to the Engineering Building.

Erika, Victoria and Laura stared at her aghast. Carmen only smirked in admiration at Ronnie’s ballsiness.

“That’s like almost a mile!” Erika exclaimed. “You can’t possibly have meant it.”

“It had to be good enough of an offer that Maddy would be willing to risk humiliation,” Ronnie said defensively.

“Yeah but you know she’s going to play dirty Ronnie! She could have even gotten a bartender to give you a diuretic,” Laura exclaimed.

“Doesn’t matter,” Ronnie retorted. “I’ve never had an accident and I don’t plan on having one today.”

In her head, she couldn’t help but worry slightly about the possibility of the bouncer slipping her a diuretic. Brushing the suggestion aside, she reasoned that no bartender would be stupid enough to risk their job for Maddy’s childish game.

Glancing at her friends, Ronnie could feel the tension in the air. Victoria was nervously twirling her hair, Laura was fidgeting with a strap of her shirt and Jules had a distant look on her eyes. They were all still traumatized by Maddy’s previous actions and Ronnie knew that they were terrified for her.

Steeling herself, Ronnie knocked back both of her vodka crans in successive gulps. The bitter taste caused her to grimace but she needed the alcohol in her system as soon as possible to help with her nerves.

“Oh my god! She’s here!” Victoria exclaimed suddenly, breaking Ronnie’s reverie. Glancing towards where Victoria was pointing, Ronnie could make out the curly haired brunette pushing her way through the crowd followed by her posse. She was dressed in a revealing pink corset and white jeans that hugged her large ass, and Ronnie couldn’t help but be awed by the fact that Maddy had the confidence to wear white to a pee holding contest.

Maddy and her posse made their way directly over to Ronnie and her friends. Upon her arrival, Maddy stepped in close so that Ronnie could hear her over the pounding music and spoke crisply.

“Good to see you Veronica,” she spat, before jumping straight to the chase. “How do you want to do this?”

Ronnie felt her bladder pulse from the nerves, even as she towered over Maddy. In the most confident tone she could muster, she replied with the answer she’d been thinking up all week.

“Let’s empty our bladders now before we start, to even the playing field. We can assign one person from each of our friend groups to be the judge together to ensure that no one cheats. They’ll be in charge of making sure that we consume the same amount of drinks.”

“Seems fair,” Maddy replied with a shrug. “I only have one request. After the fifth drink, let’s take this outside.”

Ronnie was surprised by the unusual request and wracked her brains for what kind of loophole or advantage this would give Maddy. Nothing came to mind, so with a confident smile she acquiesced.

“Great!” Maddy replied. “I nominate Marianne to be my judge representative.”

A tall, stern looking brunette stepped forward. Her hair was pulled back in a tight ponytail that made the skin on her face seem like it was being stretched. She had a resting bitch face, and Ronnie found herself glaring the girl down as a force of habit.

“Who is your representative, Veronica?” Marianne asked, shooting a look of derision at Ronnie’s friends.

Ronnie pondered for a moment. Sarah and Jules were too invested in this and would be much too emotional to remain an unbiased judge. She still needed someone willing to forcefully stand up for her if Maddy tried any funny business though, so Erika was off the table. Laura and Victoria were definitely options, but as two of Maddy’s previous victims they may be too emotional as well. That left Carmen, and Ronnie was surprised by the fact that she was even considering the option.

Even though she and Carmen had grown closer ever since the Hispanic girl had shit herself at their house party in the fall after anal gone wrong, Ronnie still wasn’t sure how much Carmen actually liked her. Carmen’s demeanour generally fluctuated between bitchy and ambivalent, with very little regard for others. Worst of all, Carmen was also friends with Maddy from their competitive dancing club. She was truly the perfect impartial judge, and Ronnie couldn’t help but feel that she’d be fair.

Ronnie has always viewed Carmen as a very upfront person. This lack of a filter is what caused her to be so bitchy. Her blunt honesty removed any sense of tact that she may have otherwise possessed and the feelings of others rarely crossed her mind. If anyone was going to call out either herself or Maddy for bullshit in this competition, Carmen was the perfect person to do it.

Making up her mind, Ronnie pointed at the black haired Hispanic beauty. “I want Carmen as my judge.”

Ronnie’s friends stared back at her dumbfounded. Sarah was looking slightly hurt that she wasn’t chosen and Erika was shaking her head in disbelief at the choice.

“Me?” Carmen asked, surprised. “Are you sure?”

“Yes, I’m sure,” Ronnie replied confidently.

“Oh, this should be good,” Maddy replied, smiling and raising her eyebrow. “Why the fuck would you pick a judge that is friends with both of us??”

“I trust her to make good judgment calls, and I trust you to respect them,” Ronnie glowered. She saw that Carmen was smiling at this remark, a glitter of appreciation in her eye.

Shrugging, Maddy agreed that Carmen was a fair pick.

“Alright, let’s pee and then grab some drinks,” Maddy declared, making a beeline for the women’s washroom at the back of the club.

“Judges, come with us,” Ronnie said, gesturing to Marianne and Carmen. The two girls fell into step behind them as they made their way to the bathroom.

Ronnie swung open the bathroom door and was greeted by a small line within. Entering the line behind Maddy, she leaned back against the tile wall and turned away from her opponent. As Maddy conversed with Marianne, Carmen approached Ronnie and leaned in close.

In a hushed tone, the Hispanic girl began speaking to her. “You know, it’s not too late to back out of this. This is craziness to attempt in public.”

Ronnie smiled at her friend. She wasn’t used to Carmen showing this much sympathy but she appreciated the upfront effort to dissuade her from the contest.

“It’s alright Carmen, I’ve seriously made up my mind. I’m the only one in the friend group that hasn’t peed themselves since the start of the year. I’m confident in my bladder and I’m not going to pussy out now.”

Carmen raised an eyebrow and smiled back, her lips curling in a slight smirk. “Alright Ronnie, but if this goes sideways you can’t say I didn’t warn you.”

————

“Ahhhh,” Ronnie moaned, pee streaming into the toilet bowl beneath her. Contracting her pelvic muscles, she did her best to expel every last drop from her bladder. She knew that she needed it to be as empty as possible before this contest began in earnest.

Ronnie ripped off a piece of toilet paper from the roll, cringing at the low quality single ply sheet, before carefully wiping her shaved nether regions. Tossing the paper into the bowl, Ronnie rose and pulled up her jeans. As she did up her belt, the tall blonde pushed through the door.

“Tank emptied?” Marianne asked with a sneer upon seeing Ronnie emerge. The ponytailed girl was standing near the sink, arms crossed. Carmen was next to her, texting on her phone.

“You bet,” Ronnie replied, “Is Maddy out?”

Carmen and Marianne both shook their heads, Carmen still not yet looking up from her phone.

“She’s gotta get everything out,” Marianna explained. “She’s been training for this.”

Ronnie scoffed. “Training? How…?”

“There are ways to maximize your expulsion,” Marianne replied in a know-it-all voice. “Which you’d be aware of if you were going to win.”

Ronnie rolled her eyes at the remark as Maddy finally emerged from the washroom and made her way to the sink. Making eye contact with Ronnie in the mirror, the brunette winked and then giggled. “Who is buying the first round of drinks? You or me?”

“I’ll get it,” Ronnie replied. “Are you fine with vodka crans?”

“You betcha bestie!” Maddy replied. “But we’ve gotta do some tequila shots at some point.”

“Fine by me,” Ronnie replied. Turning to the judges, she said, “You guys need to track our consumption and make sure we stay even, especially as we get drunker.”

“Aye aye captain,” Carmen replied, giving a mock salute. “We’re gonna slay this.”

———-

The wind on the rooftop patio of the club was buffeting Ronnie’s hair as she downed her fourth drink. The first three had been alcoholic but now she was nursing a glass of water to stave off the drunkenness. Nevertheless, Ronnie was quite inebriated at this point and she swayed to the beat of the pinging club music.

Ronnie had never been to the rooftop of the Hairy Cougar. Apparently, Maddy was seeing a guy who worked as a bartender in the VIP lounge and he had been able to get her access to the roof for the evening. It was a nice spot filled with tables and umbrellas and a large bar stretching the width of it. Speakers flanked the four corners allowing visitors to still dance to the music being played downstairs.

Ronnie was surprised that the club would have a patio open in March, but some of the tables had fire elements built in to them to ward off the cold. Also, Ronnie knew that the alcohol made it easier to be out in the cool breeze. She was the perfect example of that, considering her intoxicated mind was fine standing outside in her white crop top. She wasn’t even shivering.

Carmen and Marianne had made their way over to a table just off to the left of the bar and were chatting about something related to the sorority. It seemed that the two of them both knew a girl named Persephone pretty well. Ronnie was a bit annoyed that Carmen had hit it off with Marianne but that was part of the reason why she’d picked her; Carmen truly was unbiased.

The rest of Ronnie and Maddy’s friends had remained downstairs for the time being. They had all decided that they’d spend the night dancing until the competition heated up. There was no point sitting around and watching the competitors get desperate, and they might as well enjoy the evening as they killed time until things got interesting.

Things were finally on the brink of getting interesting. Ronnie’s bladder was already quite full as a result of the four drinks. It had only been an hour since the contest had started, but breaking the seal to start the contest was a sure way of accelerating it. The urge was currently east enough to ignore and Ronnie crossed one of her long legs over the other as she sat on her barstool. It had started as a soft pulsing feeling that wasn’t subsiding and it was growing with every new sip. She only hoped that Maddy was experiencing something similar.

At that exact moment Maddy sidled up next to her, two tequila shots in her hands.

“Hey bitch, ready for these?” the curly brunette asked as she took the stool next to Ronnie.

“Whoa, you don’t have to call me a bitch,” Ronnie replied, surprised by Maddy’s use of language.

“Oh don’t be a snowflake! Let’s not pretend we like each other,” Maddy replied, shooting Ronnie a mean look.

“Y’know, I don’t get what your problem is with me or my friends,” Ronnie spat. The alcohol in her system was bringing out her honest and confrontational side and she glared at her opponent.

“I just fucking hate you guys,” Maddy replied with a shrug.

“Yeah… but why? We literally gave you opportunities to be our friend. You and Carmen used to hang out, she used to invite you to all our parties. I don’t understand what we did to deserved your derision!”

“First of all, Carmen is a soulless bitch who doesn’t care about anyone but herself so you can’t possibly blame me for having no loyalty to her,” Maddy replied venomously.

“Carmen can be a lot, but she’s been working on herself lately. And that doesn’t excuse how you’ve treated the rest of us,” Ronnie tutted.

“You don’t actually care, you’re just trying to make me vulnerable,” Maddy sneered, ice in her voice.

“I do care! I want to know before this goes any further.”

“Fine bitch,” Maddy oozed, glaring at Ronnie, “you really want to know?”

“Yeah, I really do,” Ronnie replied, not backing down from Maddy’s glare and straightening herself on her stool.

“Let’s start at the beginning, with Victoria,” Maddy spat. “That bitch has been the bane of my existence since high school. Back when I used to date her brother she did everything in her power to get him to break up with me. She even told him when I got kissed by another guy at a party and it ended our whole relationship.”

“That’s a totally reasonable thing to tell him,” Ronnie brusquely interrupted. “I’d tell my brother if I knew his girlfriend had cheated.”

“It wasn’t cheating! I was drunk and it was a mistake!” Maddy shouted back.

“Doesn’t lessen the fact that it was cheating,” Ronnie shrugged. “Actions have consequences and you just had to learn it the hard way.”

“Shut the fuck up! Victoria didn’t have to out me like that, it was a forgivable mistake!” Maddy answered defensively.

“I see there’s no changing your mind,” Ronnie acquiesced, “but do you not see how making Victoria piss herself in class was wrong? You humiliated her in front of her peers.”

“It was character building sweetie. She needed a wake up call so she’d stop being such a princess.”

“You destroyed her self confidence and sent her spiralling into a depression. That’s not character building,” Ronnie replied in an appalled tone, shock at Maddy’s audacity clearly visible on her face.

“Oh shut up, you’re such a fucking goofy two shoes. Little Ms Ronnie has never done a wrong in her life, has she?” Maddy taunted, sticking out her tongue. “Let me guess, next you’re going to say it was wrong of me to mess around with that guy while handcuffed to Laura at that party before Halloween?”

“Um, absofuckinglutely!” Ronnie practically shouted. “You made her watch you hook up with a guy as she pissed herself after she’d told you a million times that she had to pee.”

“Guess she should have been more forceful. There are two kinds of people in this world; those that get what they want and dumbasses. Laura chose to be a dumbass.”

“Laura didn’t choose—“ Ronnie began, but Maddy cut across her.

“Shut up and let me speak bitch! Before you try to defend Jules next, I feel like it’s necessary to remind you that I made her piss herself because she’s dating my ex. That’s her choosing to break bro code. I don’t care if it’s kind or not what I did in response. She had it coming!”

Maddy was practically screaming at Ronnie. Her voice was cracking and her face was red as a tomato. Ronnie was shocked to even see tears welling in the corners of her eyes.

“Maddy… I’m sorry that you’re so hurt by the fact that she’s dating your ex. Feelings can be overwhelming and I see that you’re still not over him, but you guys broke up almost four years ago. You don’t have a right to be so protective of him anymore, and Jules doesn’t owe you anything. You’ve been anything but a friend to her.”

“Fuck you Veronica,” Maddy spat, her face contorted in rage. “Just fuck off.”

“I’m not saying this to be hurtful,” Ronnie explained. “I’m telling you this to be helpful. I understand being angry, I understand having unhealthy outlets for that anger. But it’s not too late to stop! You don’t have to keep hurting people, you can choose instead to be communicative and kind.”

Maddy stared at Ronnie, unsure if she was being mocked. Realizing she was being being genuine, Maddy’s eyes flashed with surprise before her scowl returned. “Whatever Veronica… let’s finish what we started. Get ready to piss yourself.”

Passing Ronnie the tequila shot, the two girls clinked glasses and knocked them back.

————-

A water and another two shots later, Ronnie was drunk and desperate. The last 30 minutes had been awkward with Maddy barely looking at her since the confrontation. Ronnie hoped that this meant that she was thinking over her words but she unfortunately doubted it. Maddy had proven time and time again that she didn’t care about anything other than herself, but Ronnie couldn’t help but wish that her words had made an impact.

Meanwhile, the drinks certainly were making an impact on her bladder. She had been tapping her knee up and down incessantly for awhile now, unsure when the tick had started. She could feel the fluids sloshing around within her every time she shifted on her stool and realized that she hadn’t been this desperate in years. In her drunken state, Ronnie felt her inhibitions slipping away and she slipped her right hand into the crotch of her pale blue jeans, giving her nether regions a tense squeeze. With her left hand, she massaged her swollen bladder distending her stomach below her crop top. She looked more bloated than usual, the copious liquids making a visible difference to her appearance. She had only waited this long once before, on a car ride in high school, but she really didn’t want to think about that right now. She needed a distraction to take her mind off the ceaseless signals from her overtaxed body and mind.

“Weren’t we supposed to go outside after the fifth drink?” Ronnie asked, breaking the silence.

Maddy looked up at her, and for the first time all evening Ronnie realized that she was desperate too. There was a pain in her eyes and the top button of her white jeans were unbuttoned as she sat hunched forward on her stool. Ronnie also noticed her clenching and unclenching her dominant hand as if she was hoping to grab her crotch as well, but she wasn’t moving to do so.

“Oh that? I figured we’d skip it,” Maddy replied sheepishly, trying to put on a brave face as she wriggled on her stool.

Ronnie felt emblazoned by her opponent’s sudden visible need and asked the question she’d been curious about all night. “We’re you planning on getting me desperate and then bringing me in front of a crowd to humiliate myself, like you did to Jules? Did you think I’d get desperate early on and you’d have an easy win?”

“No, I—,” Maddy began to protest, but Ronnie cut across her immediately.

“Don’t lie to me. I know what you intended, but you underestimated me Maddy. I can control myself better than most. Let’s go face this crowd, or are you scared that you may be the one who ends up drenched in public?”

Maddy stared at the blonde, surprised by her boldness. Finally, in a meek tone, she spoke up. “Yeah, I planned to take you out to face a crowd. They’re all gathered in front of the club and ready to watch you pee yourself, but…”

“No buts! We shook on this, let’s go face them,” Ronnie stated firmly, giving her crotch another firm squeeze.

“No!” Maddy practically shouted, the desperation clear on her face. “Look, I’m sorry alright? I underestimated you. I really don’t want to humiliate myself in front of a crowd.”

“Shoulda thought of that before you tried to humiliate me in front of one. Sounds like the consequences of your own actions.”

“Please… please don’t make me! I’ll do anything!” Maddy was begging now, and she let out a sniffle. Was she trying not to cry?

Ronnie stood from her stool, legs shaking, and approached the curly brunette. She strode straight to her, bent down slightly and stared directly into her eyes. In a cool and collected voice, she spoke.

“All year you’ve shown zero mercy to my friends. You’ve humiliated them in front of their peers, their friends and the internet. You never stopped for even a second to consider their feelings or to give them any empathy as people.”

Maddy looked at her pleadingly, scissoring her legs back and forth. “Please Ronnie, I didn’t realize how it felt.”

“Clearly,” Ronnie sneered. “You’re lucky I’m not as uncaring as you, Maddy. My conscience won’t let me do to you what you did to my friends. Even if you deserve it, making you humiliate yourself in front of a crowd would make me just as bad as you.”

“Oh thank god,” Maddy gasped with relief as she realized that Ronnie wasn’t going to make her do it. “Thank you thank you thank you.”

“I’m going to call all of our friends up here and we’ll see how this ends,” Ronnie said as she grabbed her phone off the bar. “They’re the only ones who need to see this.”

Ronnie knew she was in dire straits. Her bladder was throbbing and she still hadn’t released her grip on her crotch. Her panties felt damp and warm but she didn’t think she’d leaked yet. She hoped it was just sweat, but she couldn’t be sure.

Maddy was squirming on her stool as she beckoned to Marianne and Carmen. Sweat was accumulating on her forehead and she kept glancing at the pristine white crotch of her pants as if it may change from discolouration at any given moment. Her thighs were trembling slightly as she clenched all of her lower muscles.

Carmen and Marianne approached the bar and Maddy quickly filled them in on the plan. Marianne nodded along but Ronnie watched as a frown grew on Carmen’s face.

“Those aren’t the established rules,” Carmen stated firmly, “I thought we said you guys would go outside?”

“Yeah we did, but Ronnie and I changed our minds,” Maddy explained, rising from the stool. Her unbuttoned pants sagged towards her knees as she stood, and she quickly crossed her legs.

“Bullshit!” Carmen replied with an eye roll. “We’re going outside now. Rules are rules and it’s my job to enforce them.”

Maddy stared at the Hispanic girl in disbelief. She’s been thinking that Carmen would be lenient all night long, but here she was enforcing the one rule that may lead to her humiliation. Squirming furiously as a wave of desperation hit her, Maddy began to plead as her brown curls bounced around her head.

“Can we please stay here? I’m reaching my limit and I don’t want anyone to see if I… if I…”

“If you piss yourself? Isn’t that the whole point of the contest?” Carmen asked, unimpressed. “Besides, I can tell Ronnie has to go too. Fair is fair.”

“Please Marianne,” Maddy begged, turning to her stern friend. “Talk some sense into her!”

Marianne shook her head. “Carmen is right, rules are rules. We want to see how this plays out.”

Maddy stared at the two judges absolutely livid. “What the FUCK! I’m going to pee myself in front of everyone!”

She was squirming, doing an antsy march on the spot and breathing heavily. As the four girls began making their way to the staircase, Maddy gasped and grabbed her crotch at last with her right hand.

Ronnie was relieved to see Maddy struggling Up so much, as she needed the curly brunette to lose soon if she wasn’t going to get humiliated up herself. As she reached the top of the staircase, Ronnie felt herself spurt into her underwear. The lapse of control lasted only a moment but the damage was certainly done. Ronnie could feel a damp patch form on the gusset of her panties, and she cringed at the feeling. Her mind wandered to that drunken car ride in high school where she’d almost, nearly had an accident… she pictured the chills travelling up her spine, the contractions of her bladder and the feeling of relief when she’d been able to hop out of the backseat and spray golden fluid into the ditch.

“Fuck,” Ronnie moaned under her breath. She needed to stop thinking about relief and that time she’d been desperate. Just because she hadn’t peed herself since she was in diapers, didn’t mean it couldn’t happen now.

“C’mon, hurry up,” Marianne called impatiently from ahead of her on the stairs and Ronnie quickly moved to catch up, squeezing her crotch tightly as she did so.

The four girls hurried down the stairs and pushed out the doors onto the blustery street. Ronnie stumbled slightly as she touched the sidewalk, the alcohol fogging her brain. Glancing up, she realized that there was in fact a crowd waiting for them.

Scanning the faces, Ronnie made out her friends. Sarah was biting her lip nervously while the rest gave her thumbs up and smiles. The last thing she wanted to do was to let them down, but her bladder was protesting otherwise. She was reaching her threshold and she needed to pee soon!

Luckily, Maddy wasn’t faring much better. The curly brunette was openly doing a pee dance in her white pants and she had a look of pure terror plastered on her face. Her brow was sweaty and her face was red from desperation as she gyrated in a circle.

Carmen and Marianne stood behind the two desperate girls as the crowd ogled them, gossiping intently. Maddy had invited way too many people to witness Ronnie humiliate herself and it was backfiring on her epically.

Maddy shimmied her way to Ronnie’s side and began to whisper to her. “Do you want to just call it a tie and end this now?”

“No, I’m in this to win it,” Ronnie replied confidently, even though she could feel her control slipping.

“Please? I’ll do literally anything,” Maddy begged back, dancing in place.

“No, and that’s final!” Ronnie told her, giving her crotch yet another firm squeeze.

“Should we be doing panty checks to see if they’ve leaked yet?” Marianne asked suddenly from behind them.

“NO!” both Ronnie and Maddy replied in unison before blushing furiously. Ronnie was relieved that this implied that Maddy had also let out an uncontrolled spurt.

“Are you guys going to be able to handle another drink?” Carmen asked. “We should have you do one soon.”

“I think they’re fine for now,” Marianne began to say, but she was interrupted by a sudden hissing noise.

Ronnie glanced down at her crotch in horror, only to realize she was still dry. Spinning, she quickly realized that the sound had come from between Maddy’s legs and a rivulet of pee was making its way down the inseam of her white pants.

Maddy’s house was hanging open in a silent O and her hands were desperately gripping her crotch as the hissing continued. Pee began to saturate the legs of her white pants turning them translucent so that everyone could make out her baby blue panties. The liquid poured out of the leg holes, flowing over her white shoes and puddling on the pavement. They began to steam in the cold air and Ronnie heard her friends cheer from the crowd.

A puddle was forming under Maddy and Ronnie watched as she struggled to hold back tears. Pee was still bubbling from her crotch, soaking more and more of the fabric of her pants until the barely a square inch was dry.

Ronnie was watching in awe when she felt her own bladder give off a sympathy spasm. Realizing the end was nigh, she turned to Carmen and Marianne, blurting out “I won, right? I can pee?”

“Yes!” the two girls replied in unison. “You can use the bathroom!”

Ronnie did not need to be told twice. In half a heartbeat she bolted from the sidewalk and pushed in the door, past the bouncer who futilely called out to see her stamp. She tore through the crowd, frantically searching for the bathrooms on the back wall. Her hand hadn’t left her crotch and the urge to pee was all she could think about. Her body was shaking, her head was pounding and her bladder was doing somersaults as she rushed towards relief.

Disregarding the line, Ronnie charged to the front and shouldered through the door. As her body hit the door, she felt herself begin to pee. A small trickle of urine was making it in to her pink panties and she gasped at the sudden release. She couldn’t pee herself this close to a toilet! She just had to get into a stall and yank down her pants. She just had to hope one would open up soon.

Rushing down the line of stalls, Ronnie frantically banged on the occupied doors praying one would empty soon.

“Please hurry up, I’m peeing my pants!” she screamed, as she felt her trickle continue. Unfortunately no one was answering.

In pure frantic desperation, Ronnie spied the drain in the center of the bathroom’s white tile floor. Disregarding any sense of dignity or signals from her brain to stop, Ronnie yanked down her blue jeans and pink panties in one fluid motion, exposing her shaven pussy to the entire bathroom. One girl gasped at the display and averted her eyes but many were staring in disbelief.

Ronnie dropped to a squat and exploded, pee shooting out of her bladder onto the tile for all to see. She moaned at euphoric sensation as her overtaxed bladder was finally allowed to empty itself. The stream was powerful and clear, and Ronnie wobbled as her knees grew weak from the relief. The feeling was almost orgasmic and she couldn’t help but smile as her pee sprayed out of her, mostly missing the drain.

Suddenly, the door burst open and Sarah charged into the bathroom. The wasian girl locked eyes with Ronnie and grinned at the sight of her best friend with her pants around her ankles peeing on the floor. Ronnie felt herself flushing in embarrassment but Sarah was positively beaming.

“You did it! You beat her! And you technically still didn’t pee yourself!” Sarah gushed, rushing over and pulling her peeing friend into a side squat hug.

“I mean, I kinda leaked in my panties… and I don’t think this counts as making it,” Ronnie said, gesturing to her puddle as her stream slowed to a trickle.

“No, this doesn’t count. You won this contest, you avenged our friends and you still didn’t get a drop on your jeans,” Sarah explained excitedly. “You’ve once again avoided becoming a member of the Piddle Pants Club. You’re truly the Big Bladdered Baddy that you said you were. No one can beat you.”

Ronnie blushed at the stupid nickname as her trickle finally stopped. She stood up, and wiped herself with a tissue that Sarah handed her from her pocket. The line of girls was still staring at her and she smiled meekly back at them, apologizing profusely. Finally, she turned to Sarah and asked the question she’d been dying to ask.

“How’s Maddy? Do you think she learned her lesson?”

Sarah grinned in response. “Oh, most certainly! Half the crowd was taking pictures and she ran away so quickly. I don’t think she’ll ever bother our friend group again.”

“Good, I’m glad that she’s finally getting a wake up call even if it’s a bit harsh,” Ronnie replied. “Let’s hope she learns from this.”

“Who cares if she does,” Sarah said, before looping her arm through Ronnie’s. “I say we go dance with our friends and celebrate the fact that you’re the most badass person we know.”

——-

The next morning, Ronnie woke to a pounding headache and an urge to pee. The numerous drinks had accumulated and she felt positively ill. Rising from under the covers and snatching her phone from her bedside table, the tall blonder stumbled to her ensuite bathroom and dropped her pyjama bottoms, releasing a torrent into the toilet bowl. Her bladder aches still from the stress she had put on it the night before.

Opting to try to empty her bowels as well, Ronnie bent over and fished her phone out of her pocket with the plan to scroll on social media for awhile. To her surprise, there was a text message waiting for her from an unknown number. Surprised, she opened it up and read it.

Hey Ronnie, I got your number from Carmen. I just wanted to let you know that you’re right. You helped me see that I have some growth to do. I’m sorry for everything.

Ronnie stared at the message in surprise, then smiled. Maybe there was hope for Maddy after all.

*049*2023-08-07 14:08

With the fictional school year plodding on at Greatwestern U, it’s finally time for Spring Break!

I have written one short story for each day of the girls’ Spring Break Trip to the Caribbean and they will each release every day for a week.

Without further ado…

Chapter 17: Spring Break - Part 1: The Seatbelt Light

Jules shivered as the cold air conditioning blew against her face, sending chills up and down her body. Glancing once more at the red Fasten Seatbelt light glowing above her and groaned. Crossing own leg over the other, her grey sweatpants swished as they brushed against themselves. It was taking all her willpower not to wriggle, not to fidget and most importantly not to scream.

Carefully sliding her right hand down under her green sweater, she felt her bladder beneath her skin. It was swollen, distended and begging to be released but the glowing light above her only perpetuated her suffering.

For the thousandth time in the last five minutes, Jules cursed the Gatorade bottle she had chugged in the airport prior to take off to help alleviate her headache. She cursed two glasses of wine she had consumed with her seatmates Sarah and Ronnie at the start of the flight that had made her drunker than she’d expected. Most of all, she cursed the alcohol induced nap that she had fallen into as they had entered the second hour of their flight. The liquids had gone straight to her bladder, and a dream about the ocean that she’d soon be seeing had woken the blonde up in a panic.

She had to pee, and badly, but the plane was experiencing turbulence and the seatbelt light was telling her to remain seated. Crossing her legs, Jules did her best to keep her composure. She didn’t want to wake Sarah or Ronnie who were still dozing beside her, chests rising and falling softly.

Earlier, she had been incredibly grateful that she had gotten the window seat. She had been excited to have the best view of their descent into paradise. Now, the seat furthest from the aisle was her prison and her two sleeping friends were the bars holding her there.

The Spring Break trip was something that Jules had been looking forward to for months. She had saved up by carefully budgeting all year, and now she was ready to party with her friends in the Dominican Republic at an all-inclusive resort. She and Ronnie had planned the trip, and had been able to convince Sarah, Erika, Laura, Carmen and Carrie to join them on their trip to paradise. She was thrilled for the adventures that the trip would bring

Her bladder spasmed again and she shuddered at the overwhelming tingling from her abdomen. She felt clammy from the sweat pouring down her face and her thighs were trembling ever so slightly.

In a futile attempt to help ease the urge, Jules once again rearranged the way her legs were crossed, relooping her left leg under her right. Feeling the pressure refuse to subside, Jules glanced towards the aisle to ensure no one was looking before kneading her palm into her warm crotch.

Glancing at the seatbelt light again, Jules was disappointed to see that it was still red. Cursing inwardly, Jules wished that there was a flight attendant near by to ask for an exception to the rules. Unfortunately they would be seated as well for the turbulence and she’d have to wait.

Although Jules didn’t have to pee quite as bad as when her nemesis Maddy had fed her a diuretic the month prior, she couldn’t help but worry about her bladder capacity. She’d already had two pee accidents this year and she didn’t want to add a third tally to her house’s Piddle Pants Club Chart.

Don’t think about accidents, you’re not going to have one, Jules chided herself internally.

Relaxing slightly, her confidence returned, Jules felt like she could wait way longer. She had waited longer in the past and she wasn’t going to embarrass herself on this trip.

The sudden relaxation was not good for her bladder muscles and they contracted in protest. Suddenly, she felt a short wet spurt saturate her cotton panties. Glancing down in surprise, Jules could make out a coin sized wet patch on the front of her grey sweats.

Her privates had begun feeling like they were sitting in a warm soup and her desperation had her wriggling frantically. Although it wasn’t as bad of an urge as when she had last had a bathroom mishap, the situation and the stress was making it worse. Jules was feeling trapped and the fear of yet another accident was making her nervous.

Her bladder spasmed again, sending another warm spurt into her damp panties. Jules could feel it dribble out onto her thigh and she noticed that dark streaks were starting to form on her inner thighs. She was going to have to act fast if she wanted to preserve her dignity.

Bending forward, Jules began tearing through her backpack that she had brought as carry on in a search for her water bottle. As she dug around in the bottom, her hand bumped against her book, a tangle of chargers and her iPad before finally grasping the cool plastic of her bottle. She had bought this red plastic bottle for her intramural soccer that she’d played in the fall, and it could hold about a lifer of liquid.

“What are you thinking?” Jules murmured to herself under her breath. “This is so fucking stupid.”

Glancing at her friends, Jules made sure they were sleeping soundly. Ronnie’s chest was rising and falling next to her and her mouth was slightly agape, drool forming in the corner. Sarah’s head lolled on Ronnie’s shoulder, a soft snore escaping her nose every time she breathed. Jules prayed they wouldn’t wake up and that the flight attendant wouldn’t walk by.

Carefully unbuckling her seatbelt, Jules began to ease her sweatpants down her thighs revealing her orange cotton panties to the air. They had turned from a light orange to a dark orange as they had become saturated and she cringed at the sticky sensation of them against her privates. Glancing again at the aisle and ensuring that she was well shielded by Ronnie’s tall frame, Jules eased her panties down her thighs as well. Her blonde bush sparkled in the plane’s bright LED lighting as the light hit the yellow droplets stuck in her pubic hair. Swiftly, she unscrewed the cap of her red bottom and pressed it to her lower lips surrounding her opening.

Letting out a soft moan, Jules relaxed her bladder and began to pee. Urine poured out of her, drumming against the interior of the bottle. Realizing it was too loud, Jules did her best to ease her stream down to a soft trickle. Not just letting the pee pour out was arduous, but Jules focused hard and maintained the slow drip. The release felt incredible and Jules was savouring every moment of it. She kept her head on a swivel for any flight attendants as she released burst after burst of warm liquid into the bottle.

Suddenly, Jules realized the bottle was almost full. With her bladder far from empty Jules began to panic, doing her best to cut off the stream. No matter how hard she tried, she couldn’t stop the flow into the bottle. Cringing as she realized what was going to happen, Jules could only watch in embarrassment as her pee reached the lip of the bottle before spilling over onto her seat. Unable to stop, the blonde stared at her crotch as she began to soak her surroundings. The pale grey fabric of her seat turned nearly as dark as midnight and she felt some pee soaking into the back of her sweater.

Realizing the damage was done Jules removed the bottle and leaned forward, peeing full force into the chair. A soft hiss emanated from the fabric below her crotch and she cringed at the wet sensation of her seat against her lips. Finally after 30 seconds of free peeing on her seat, the stream reduced itself to a trickle and Jules heaved a sigh as it stopped. She was virtually sitting in a puddle on her seat and she could smell the scent of ammonia wafting through the air. She hoped that the plane ventilation would cycle the smell out quickly but she feared the worst.

Jules removed her sweater and hiked up her ass, carefully placing the garment underneath her into the puddle. Yanking back up her saturated sweatpants and panties, Jules dropped her posterior onto the sweater which protected her pants from getting any wetter.

Taking the bottle full of pee, Jules carefully deposited it back into her backpack. When the seatbelt light turned off and her friends awoke, she’d go pour it down the plane toilet.

Blushing at the thought of what she’d just done, Jules was grateful that she hadn’t wet herself completely. In fact, she’d mostly gotten away with her discrete mishap. She just had to hope her friends wouldn’t ask too many questions about the damp patches on her pants sweater and seat…

Turning to look out the window, Jules found herself hoping that this would be the only mishap that any of them would have on the trip. Somehow, she doubted that the universe would be so kind to the Piddle Pants Club.

*051*2023-08-08 21:46

Warning: Contains Messing.

Chapter 17: Spring Break - Part 2: Treading Lightly

Carmen’s stomach rumbled as she lay on the beach chair, the rays soaking into her caramel skin. Her jet black hair was tucked under a large straw sun hat and her eyes were shielded from the brightness by a pair of wraparound sunglasses. Carmen knew she looked elegant in her red bikini, which paired so nicely with the aura that her hat and shades radiated. She was four chapters into her shitty romance novel about a woman who returned to the small town on the sea where she grew up and decided to start fucking the lighthouse owner… or something like that. To be completely honest, Carmen was paying very little attention to the words on her page and was instead checking out every hunky college boy that walked by. One of the joys of Spring Break was that all the resorts filled up with partyers of a certain age and demographic and Carmen was planning on taking advantage of that. She was loving the way that boys glanced a little too long at her scantily clad body in her bikini.

“Do you want to get in the water in a sec?” Laura, her brunette friend, asked from beside her. She was sitting on a beach chair as well, straddling their ginger friend Erika and applying suntan lotion to her back. “Erika just needs five minutes for her lotion to dry and then we’re good to go.”

“Of course, I’d love to get a swim in before lunch.” Carmen said. She was thrilled by the prospect of all the eyes that would turn when she rose to take a dip.

“Yeah, I know Ronnie said the other girls are going to meet us at the dining pavilion around 1:30 so we’ve got a bit over an hour,” Erika replied, gesturing to her phone.

“Perfect, it gives us some time to dry off after,” Laura agreed.

As Carmen returned to her book to wait out the five minutes, her stomach gave an ominous rumble. Since their arrival at the resort the morning before, Carmen had avoided pooping in her hotel room washroom. It was a bit of a dirty washroom… She had seen a millipede right after arriving and she had avoided using it for much since then except a couple quick pees. She had realized that she’d soon have to use it to poop and shower but she figured she might as well put it off for as long as possible. Now following a large breakfast from the all-you-can-eat buffet and a warm coffee, Carmen’s bowels were making themselves known.

Ignoring the rumble and deciding to find a bathroom around lunchtime, Carmen began to get enraptured by the cheesy plot of her book. She always loved the enemies to lovers trope and this author was leaning all the way into it. This was exactly the kind of pulpy romance that she wanted on vacation, even if she knew it wasn’t great literature. Carmen knew her mom would turn up her nose at her reading choice as pure drivel but she didn’t care. Her mother wasn’t actually there too judge and Carmen was old and independent enough to make her own decisions.

The next five minutes flew by without a hitch and it was no time at all before Erika snapped Carmen out of her reverie to announce that they were ready to swim. The Hispanic girl set down her book and rose from her chair in a large stretch, reaching her hands to the heavens and arching her back. Removing her sunglasses, she pranced after her friends into the surf.

The water was cold on her toes and Carmen held back a yelp as a chill shot up her spine. Wading in, the water soon reached her waist and then her belly button. Dunking her large breasts was always the worst part but the brunette braced herself before dunking herself to her shoulders, gasping at the cold sensation.

“C’mon Carmen, it’s nice!” Laura called, already floating on her back a few meters ahead.

“You don’t have tits to get cold like I do!” Carmen teased.

Erika laughed, prompting Laura to roll her eyes and splash the two of them. Soon, the three girls were giggling like children and having a rioutous time diving in and out of the waves.

Carmen floated up and down with a particularly large wave and felt her stomach churning again, her bowels sending a reminder to her brain that she needed to go. Carmen regretted not pooping at some point earlier and she decided to let off a bit of pressure by relaxing her anus and passing some gas.

Feeling the bubbles escape her posterior and rush to the surface, Carmen was grateful that the waves made them imperceptible to her friends swimming a few feet away. She hoped that she could slip into the bathroom on their way to lunch after the swim but she wasn’t optimistic.

“Are you okay Carmen?” Erika asked, paddling up to the Hispanic girl in her white bikini. Her wet ginger hair was in her eyes. “You’re making a face.”

“My stomach is just feeling really weird this morning. I must have eaten something weird at the buffet for breakfast,” Carmen admitted.

“That’s not good,” Laura said as she overheard. The brunette was treading water in her blue bikini and giving a concerned look.

“I’m fine guys, seriously. I’m just a bit… gassy,” Carmen admitted as another fart slipped out into the water. This one felt heavier, as if there was more substance to it. Carmen clenched the muscles in her butt and tried to prevent any more farts.

“Wow, never thought I’d hear you admit something like that,” Laura teased. “You must really have to take a dump.”

Carmen blushed at her friend’s teasing and shook her head. “It’s not that bad, I just haven’t gone since we’ve arrived.”

“You haven’t? The first thing I did once we arrived was destroy our toilet bowl,” Laura confessed causing Erika to laugh and agree that it was foul.

“I just thought the bathroom was really really gross,” Carmen said, paddling on her back as another wave approached. “I’m going to go as soon as we go in for lunch.”

“Perfect,” Erika said, smiling. “Let’s head in in around thirty minutes. It should be the perfect time to meet up with the rest of the girls.”

Carmen found herself cursing the fact that there were still 30 minutes to go. Her stomach was aching as she treaded water and she began to wonder if she’d actually make it to the bathroom.

The next fifteen minutes were agonizing for Carmen as she did her best to ignore the urge and swim with her friends. Plastering a fake smile on her face, the Hispanic girl did her best to joke around with Laura and Erica as they splashed between waves. Her farts had become more frequent and she began to feel a log making its way towards the exit. Clenching her muscles, she prayed her friends wouldn’t notice her fidgeting.

A particularly strong urge overwhelmed her senses and Carmen found her right hand shooting to her posterior to alleviate some pressure. Kneading her large rump between the cheeks, Carmen realized her need was not dissipating from the additional pressure. Carmen tried shifting her fingers down, pressing her swimsuit bottoms deeper into her bum and giving herself an aggressive underwater wedgie as she tried to get her fingertips directly on her asshole. Feeling her puckered opening through the soft fabric, Carmen realized in horror that it had expanded slightly and her log was starting to nearly protrude in her desperation.

Realizing the dire nature of her situation and how stupid she would look to her friends trying to hold herself so desperately, Carmen realized she needed to put some distance between herself and them so she could suffer in silence. Gauging if there was time to make a break for the bathrooms in the lobby, the raven haired beauty realized it was likely she’d end up going on the pathway in an involuntary manner before making it anywhere near a toilet. She was going to have to find a way to go in the water without her friends noticing.

Clearing her throat, Carmen called out to Erika and Laura who were bobbing a short distance away. “Hey girlies, I’m just going to swim out to the buoy by the sandbar. I’ll be back in a sec.”

To Carmen’s relief, they told her to be careful and made no moves to follow her. Carmen quickly threw herself into a front crawl. Her mom has always insisted she take swimming lessons as a kid. She had hated them for their length and how they ruined her hair, and she had never understood why they were necessary. Now though, she was grateful for them as she skimmed through the waves.

She approached the buoy in very little time and was relieved to see that Laura and Erika were now bobbing far away. Calling their names tentatively, the Hispanic girl was pleased to see that they didn’t respond. She was out of earshot as well.

Wasting no time, Carmen yanked her red swimsuit bottoms down to her knees, exposing her waxed pussy and shapely ass to the sea. She shot her right hand back to her ass and began to grope her hole in earnest again, allowing her middle finger to push up against the slightly protruding log. It was relatively hard to the touch, owing to the build up of waste since they had landed at the resort. Her stomach gurgled again aggressively and she knew she was going to shut imminently, whether she planned to or not. She hasn’t shit herself since her anal-gone-wrong incident but she remembered the warning sign all too well.

Scrunching up her face and spreading her legs as she treaded water with only her arms, Carmen let the inevitable unfold. Her bowels relaxed immediately and a serpentine poo snaked out of her ass into the water, unfurling and refusing to break off. The Hispanic girl sighed in relief and gave a little push, accelerating the release of her load into the water.

Finally the log broke and with it too did Carmen’s reverie. In horror, she watched as her massive brown poop bobbed to the surface next to her. In her desperation, she hadn’t considered the possibility that her poop might float and now it was gently lilting in the swells of the ocean.

Her second realization of panic was that Laura and Erika were swimming towards her. They must have decided they did want to come to buoy after all and they were making quick work of it. The Hispanic girl realized that she only had thirty seconds until they reached her and saw her massive bobbing log, and she wanted nothing more than to yank up her bottoms and swim away. Unfortunately, she was still pooping.

As the second log puckered her anus, Carmen desperately tried to squeeze it out faster. She willed her lower muscles to expel the waste but it wasn’t going fast enough. The second log broke off, a fraction of the size of the first, and bobbed to the surface as well, swirling in the flow.

“Fuck,” Carmen swore as she realized her friends would be upon her in ten seconds and she still had a third log coming out. She grit her teeth and pushed with all her might, the log sliding easily into the water as she grimaced. She looked towards her friends and realized they were arriving as she was still mid poop with her bottoms around her knees underwater.

Then, the worst possible thing happened. Erika swam head first into Carmen’s first log, knocking it spinning into a wave. Pulling her face out of the water into a tread, Erika’s wet ginger hair stuck to her face and her mouth formed a distasteful frown.

“Was that a piece of shit?” Erika asked, surprised by the sudden bump.

“No!” Carmen replied defensively, now desperately trying to stop the last log from breaking off and revealing her embarrassing predicament to the two girls swimming up to her.

“Are you sure? It looked an awful lot like…” Erika began to say, before Carmen felt the log break away.

Immediately it shot to the surface, bobbing up next to her shoulder and Erika and Laura did a double-take. The Hispanic girl could only watch helplessly as realization dawned on their faces.

“Carmen! Are you shitting in the ocean?” Laura asked pointedly, eyes glued to the bobbing brown poop next to her friend.

Carmen felt her face grow hot as she looked at her two friends. She didn’t want to cry, she had to stay tough in her mortification.

“Oh girly, we knew you had to go but we didn’t know it was that bad. We could have gone in and found you a bathroom,” Laura said.

“It was too late,” Carmen replied, her spirits sinking rapidly. How was she supposed to keep her friends thinking she was cool after this? “You guys better not fucking tell anyone or I’ll murder you!”

“Sheesh Carm, who do you think we are?” Erika asked in an offended tone. “We’re not going to out you, don’t worry!”

“You better not, I could tell people some choice things about both of you,” Carmen snapped, immediately regretting her words. Sometimes when she was upset, her shield was to hurt those around there. She’d been working on it lately but now, in a moment of weakness, she failed.

Erika recoiled as if she’d been slapped, bobbing on the surface and blinking back tears. “I’m just trying to be nice.”

“Yeah, what the fuck Carmen,” Laura called, coming to her best friend’s defence.

“I’m sorry,” Carmen murmured. She’d never been good at apologies, but these were her friends. They deserved one more than anything.

“What?” Laura said. “You have to speak louder.”

“I’m sorry!” Carmen shouted at them, tears welling in her eyes. “I’m just not used to letting my guard down. I’m sorry for saying hurtful things and I appreciate the sympathy. This is just really fucking embarrassing.”

“Don’t worry girly, I shit myself on live television remember?” Laura offered, swimming closer.

Carmen felt herself smile slightly, but the emotions were overwhelming her still. “I’ve just been doing a terrible job of staying hot or cool this year and I fucking hate it.”

“We don’t care if you’re hot or cool,” Laura said, “You’re our friend. We just want you to be nice and fun and kind.”

“But I still think you’re hot and cool!” Erika piped up, eyes lingering on Carmen’s boobs a second too long.

Smiling at her friends’ kindness, Carmen pulled back up her swimsuit bottoms and splashed them both. Maybe this Spring Break Trip was exactly what she needed to grow closer to the people she cared about. Humiliation was a small price to pay.

