The Last Year Before They Grew Up - Page 2

Author: Caraxes 

*036*2023-04-13 21:00

After Carrie’s profession of romantic interest to Sarah in Chapter 11, she was pretty upset. Also, Sarah’s paranoia about Jackson’s lack of interest stemming from Chapter 10 is definitely starting to weigh on her heavily. This chapter deals heavily with these issues.

Warning: Messing.

Chapter 13: A Tale of Broken Hearts

“Fucking shit!” Carrie Campagna swore furiously under her breath as she fidgeted on the front porch of her student house. Clad in purple leggings, a black workout bra and her black puffer coat, the petite Italian brunette had come straight from the gym. She had consumed a protein shake around lunch time and was now beginning to feel the effects. Her bowels were signalling that she desperately needed to take a shit, and to preferably do so immediately. She frantically flipped through the items in her navy blue backpack; two textbooks, a pencil case filled with writing utensils and her frisbee from ultimate practice. There was no sign of her house keys anywhere in sight. Thinking hard, Carrie realized she must have left them in her gym locker earlier that day after her work out. If no one answered the door, she’d have to walk the 15 minutes back to the campus gym and retrieve the keys before returning home.

Closing her fist in a huff, Carrie rapped five times on the red wooden door. Pausing to wait, there was still no answer after fifteen seconds. This caused her to bang again and then pull out her phone to text her housemate Angela.

Hey girly, are u home? Carrie wrote quickly. Luckily for the brunette, she got an almost instantaneous response.

Sorry queen, im meeting Colin for V day dinner. Home at 11ish. U good?

“Fuck,” Carrie swore again, squeezing her butt cheeks together as hard as she could. She quickly fired off another text. Know if anyone else is home?

Nah everyone has V Day plans, Angela reminded her.

“Well I’m fucked,” Carrie groaned, passing gas silently as she felt the log desperately trying to be released. In horror, she realized that she would need to go all the way back to the gym to get her key. Although she could use the bathroom there, the fifteen minute walk seemed incredibly daunting with the current pressure in her lower abdomen.

As another urge caused her to bend forward slightly, Carrie tried to hurriedly think of other options for bathrooms she could use nearby. As she waddled in an awkward circle on her front mat, an epiphany hit her. She knew where she could go to find relief.

———-

Sarah Dalton let out a soft moan as her fingers moved expertly over her wet mound. The wasian brunette was sprawled on the couch in the living room at 54 Sherbrooke in what her mom had always called a “Winnie the Pooh” fit - she wore only a baggy blue T shirt and was naked from the waist down. As she lay there pleasuring herself, an empty bottle of wine and a half finished tub of ice cream were strewn amongst the cushions beside her. Across from Sarah, on the TV screen, her favourite two characters from her comfort show were finally getting it on. The brunette let herself soak in the moment, her fingers moving in a circular motion between her slick lips. She had neglected to turn off any lights and her mound, unshaven in her recent self-negligence, was fully on display for anyone who may walk in.

Why was Sarah masturbating in the living room of her student house? Unfortunately for the lovesick fourth year student, she had been left alone on Valentine’s Day and her poor heart had been unable to take it. Jackson, the boy who had finally shown an interest in her after years of pining, hadn’t asked her to hang out despite the fact that they’d been hooking up for a month. Sarah could not fathom why he had made that decision but that didn’t make her any less upset about it. She had spent most of the last forty-eight hours crying about it. Thankfully, the bottle of shitty white wine that she had bought for seven dollars had helped change her mood from sad to angry and horny. Now, she lay splayed on her couch, she was finally able to forget her problems slightly.

Choosing to behave so questionably in the living room was admittedly a big risk, but Sarah knew that her housemates were all gone for the duration of the evening. Ronnie was on a date with Ben, Carmen was on a date with the hockey team captain, Jules was with David, and Erika and Laura were celebrating "Galentines". All of them certainly wouldn’t be home for at least a couple more hours and Sarah’s tipsy self was going to take advantage of the solitude. She’d never done anything this risky before, but the chance of getting caught excited her slightly.

As she moved her fingers deftly and let another moan out, Sarah closed her eyes. Valentine’s may not have worked out for her but this was a good consolation. Who needed a man anyways? Her mind drifted to her wildest sexual fantasies and she arched her back as she writhed from the pleasure.

She pictured a tall stranger choking her gently as he fucked her, his bulging cock deep inside her. She imagined him moaning her name. Within seconds, she was cumming in epic fashion, her body shuddering and shivering from the orgasm. She let out a soft shout, taking advantage of the empty house. Collapsing backwards in satisfaction, Sarah kept her fingers at work to prolong the sensation. As she slowly came down off of the high, Sarah began to notice a nagging urge to pee. Her nether regions were tingling and her bladder felt overfilled with urine, like a water balloon. The sensation was unusual as her hormones mixed with her bodily need. Sarah had not been paying attention to the copious amounts of wine gathering in her bladder and her kidneys had been working overtime to convert the grape product to urine.

Ignoring the urges from her bladder, Sarah recommenced her self-pleasuring with the hunger of desire pounding in her brain. Her pussy had become even slicker with her juices and the brunette was eager to reach a second climax while her entire body was still tingling. As she resumed her rhythm, one of the hottest scenes in the movie she adored came on the screen. Lost in the moment and wanting to soak it up even more, Sarah fumbled around for the remote amongst the pillows next to her. Grasping it in her sticky fingers, she cranked the volume and let the scene overtake her. As the two main characters kissed passionately on the screen and the score swelled, Sarah failed to hear the click of the side door opening.

————

Carrie had desperately waddled through the streets to the only nearby bathroom she could think of that she knew she could access. In the Fall, after a night at the club, she and Ronnie had stumbled back to Ronnie’s student house at 54 Sherbrooke Avenue to crash for the night. Upon arriving at the intended destination, Ronnie had realized that she didn’t have her key and the two girls were locked out. Leading Carrie around the side of the building, the tall blonde had lifted the planter next to the side door and revealed a spare key on a Snoopy fob.

This hidden key is what Carrie was set on acquiring now as she rushed up the driveway of 54 Sherbrooke. She passed a grey Toyota Corolla in the driveway that she knew belonged to her crush Sarah Dalton. Cringing inwardly, Carrie was grateful that Sarah couldn’t see her in this state as she passed gas loudly into her purple leggings. Ever since her failed confession of interest to Sarah a month and a half before, the two girls had been on awkward ground. They rarely interacted in anything more than big group settings and Carrie could tell that Sarah was uncomfortable around her. She understood the Wasian girl’s reticence since Carrie had come to accept that she was likely straight - Carrie’s advance had upset their friendship and made their past accidental kiss even more difficult for Sarah to accept.

As she farted again, Carrie found herself grabbing her round posterior and squatting slightly behind the car. The sudden motion into a natural shitting position caused Carrie to tense up. In surprise, she felt a turd begin to slide down towards the cloth of her panties and she scrambled to the planter in a panic.

The planter was made of steel and spray painted black, with an ornate floral design on the side. With a curse, Carrie kicked it over, toppling the fern inside onto the pavement. To her relief, the Snoopy fob was there and she scooped it up. Fumbling with it, she managed to unlock the door and swing it open, stepping onto the floor mat within. Carrie was on the landing midway between the main floor of the house and the basement. As she wriggled her backpack off, Carrie felt the log that she had been barely holding back begin to slide out again. Clenching all her muscles, she was unable to do anything as the log slid out into her panties. Catching sight of herself in the mirror on the wall of the landing, Carrie was horrified to see a bulge in the back of her purple leggings, revealing the chunk of poop that had broken off. Kicking off her shoes, she rushed straight up the stairs and into the hallway between the kitchen and front of the house.

Knowing the bathroom door was up the staircase directly opposite the living room, Carrie rushed towards the front of the house. As she rounded the corner, Carrie realized that the TV was on and someone was lying on the couch. Preparing to rush past them and up the stairs before they could realize her slight mishap, Carrie braced herself to bolt. Just as she was about to go through with it, she did a double take.

In front of her, lying on the couch with her eyes closed and her pants off was Sarah Dalton, her hand buried in her hairy muff.

———

“Oh my god! I’m so sorry!”

The nervous voice cut through Sarah’s bliss, as her body shook from her second orgasm. She was cumming majestically and her bladder screamed with the urge for a toilet. Eyes shooting open, she tumbled off the couch onto the floor. Desperately shoving her hands in front of her exposed crotch, the Wasian girl fruitlessly tried to cover herself. Glancing towards the entrance to the living room, Sarah was shocked to see Carrie Campagna standing there in purple leggings and a black sports bra, mouth agape.

“What the fuck are you doing here?” Sarah asked in utter confusion. “How on earth did you get in?”

“Sorry, I let myself in. I really need to use…”Carrie began.

“Ahhh,” Sarah gasped and doubled over. The surprise of Carrie’s arrival had caught her off guard and a warm spurt of pee was snaking its way down her exposed leg. A soft hiss began to become audible from her nether regions and Sarah caught Carrie staring at her with eyes as wide as dinner plates.

Grabbing a pillow from the couch, Sarah jammed it into her mound to stop the slight trickle.

“What the fuck are you doing here? How’d you get in?” Sarah screamed in embarrassment, shielding her nude lower half with the pillow.

Carrie’s upper body shook softly and she let out a sniffle. Meekly, she said, “I’m sorry, I got locked out of my house and I really needed the bathroom. This is the only place I could think of coming to.”

“Why the fuck didn’t you text anyone first?” Sarah asked angrily, using all of her pelvic muscle strength to prevent the trickle of urine down her legs.

“I wasn’t thinking straight. I’m sorry, I really need to…” A loud fart echoed out of Carrie’s posterior causing her to freeze in surprise. “Fuck, I’m not gonna make it.”

Taken aback at the petite brunette’s admission, Sarah glanced at the girl’s butt beneath her purple leggings. Sure enough, a small bulge had expanded the purple material outward hinting at a mess beneath.

In desperation, Carrie rushed up the stairs next to her. Sarah turned to follow and hurried after her with a hand in her nude crotch. She desperately needed to pee as soon as Carrie was done. Sarah watched as the petite Italian hurried across the carpeted floor, down the hall and careened into the bathroom. The time was slippery underneath her socked feet and her momentum carried her into the sink, evoking a gasp as she hit it. Sarah was close behind, nude from the waist down. She was less angry now, only feeling concern that her friend would not make it as she fidgeted from her own need to pee.

Carrie threw open the toilet and turned around, plunking herself down onto the toilet. Sarah watched as she closed her eyes, let out a gasp and the mess exploded out of her with a warm crackle. Carrie’s eyes slowly opened in surprise and she looked directly at Sarah, an expression of horror on her face.

She had forgotten to pull down her pants and panties. With a sob, the waterworks began.

“It’s okay Carrie, accidents happen,” Sarah said sympathetically as she thought back to the time where she had shit her pants in front of Jackson two months before. She had been mortified at her own lack of control and could relate to the utter helplessness that Carrie must be feeling.

“Why the fuck would this happen to me?” Carrie blurred out between sobs.

Suddenly, Sarah realized that this was twice as embarrassing for Carrie. Not only had she shit her pants but she had also done it in front of her crush, just like Sarah herself had done. Sarah still had yet to process Carrie’s feelings for her. She found it kind of strange that a drunken kiss had led to a crush but she had tried her best to be respectful when she let her down gently with rejection. She had been avoiding Carrie since returning to school this semester, unsure of how to correctly address the situation. Now she felt nothing but shame at her avoidance and wanted to pull the brunette into a warm hug.

“I’m so sorry! I know exactly how you’re feeling cuz I literally just shit myself back in December. It sucks, but no one has to know. It can be our little secret,” Sarah reassured Carrie.

Carrie simply sat on the toilet in her messy purple leggings and sobbed, tears streaming down her cheeks. Sarah squirmed back and forth, her urge to pee still not having dissipated. Not wanting to make her distraught friend move, Sarah did the only thing she could think of. With a quick hand gesture, she yanked aside the pink shower curtain and sat her bare lower half on the edge of the bathtub so that her ass hung over the drain.

“I’m sorry, I really have to go too!” With a sigh of relief, the Wasian girl began peeing full force into the tub, her stream ricocheting off the white porcelain and pooling in a yellow puddle in the base of the tub. She moaned softly and closed her eyes, letting the feelings of relief overwhelm her. This wasn’t as nice as the feeling of her multiple orgasms earlier, but it was pretty damn close. As she peed, she moved her hand to rub her clit before quickly remembering she wasn’t alone.

After nearly thirty seconds of releasing her golden ichor into the tub, Sarah’s stream turned to a soft trickle and she opened her eyes. To her surprise, she found Carrie staring at her. The Italian’s eyes were still red and puffy but she had stopped crying. Sarah realized that the look she was giving was one of pure desire.

——-

Carrie’s load squelched against her butt as she stood up from the toilet, but the petite brunette didn’t notice or care. She was focused on Sarah, sitting bare bottomed on the edge of the bathtub. Her baggy blue t-shirt was hugged against her slim frame, accentuating the curve of her boobs and hips. Carrie couldn’t help but glance below it at Sarah's unkempt bush that glistened with moisture. Every fiber of her being was filled with desire for the smiling Wasian girl in the room with her.

Sarah stood as well, and pulled Carrie into a hug.

“We should get you into a shower,” Sarah said into her shoulder as they embraced, before pulling back.

“Yeah, I feel so gross,” Carrie said wrinkling her nose.

“It really gets into every crevice,” Sarah giggled, “But a warm shower solves everything.”

“I do love warm showers. I just want to be naked and clean,” Carrie said, slightly flirtatiously. She watched carefully for Sarah’s reaction, but the girl seemed unfazed.

They were standing close now and Carrie admired the fine line of Sarah’s cute nose, her slight dimple on her right cheek and the glint in her eye. Her breath was shallow as she felt her attraction surge. Sarah was still smiling at her softly and wasn’t looking to break their locked gaze. Seizing the moment, Carrie leaned in and kissed Sarah gently, right on the lips.

To her surprise, Sarah returned the kiss shyly and Carrie couldn’t help but notice how much the girl’s lips tasted like strawberries. Encouraged by the positive reaction to the kiss, Carrie increased the force of her kisses until the two girls were sloppily making out in front of the sink. Reaching back, Carrie gently groped Sarah’s firm bare butt earning a soft sigh from the girl. Maneuvering her carefully, Carrie pushed the other brunette up against the sink and once again intensified the kissing.

Suddenly, Sarah pushed her back. “Please stop!”

“I'm sorry, I thought…” Carrie began, mortified by the sudden disruption.

“No, no, you’re fine,” Sarah said, her face flushed from the moment and an apologetic look in her eye. “I gave all the signals and I’m sorry.”

“Why are you sorry?”

“Because I’m not into girls Carrie and I don’t want this to be a thing. And yes I’m horny as fuck and want this right now, but I can’t take advantage of you like that.”

“Take advantage of me like what?” Carrie asked, holding back a fresh set of tears.

“Listen Carrie,” Sarah said with a sigh. “You like like me, which is cool and all but I can’t help but feel that continuing this make out will only make you sadder when it never happens again. I don’t want this to go anywhere serious and I don’t want to hurt you. You know I only want to be with Jackson.”

“I understand,” Carrie said, but the tears were back. Try as she might, she couldn’t hold back the feelings that were overwhelming her. “I know you won’t like me like that, but I was kind of hoping we could just let it happen and see where it goes. I can get over it, but holy fuck I want you right now.”

Sarah pondered this for a moment, turning to look at herself in the mirror. Her brown hair was disheveled from her previous masturbation and her lip was slightly swollen from Carrie’s aggressive kissing. Finally, she said “Listen Carrie, I really want you right now too... but I know it’s the wine, horniness and loneliness speaking. If you’re okay with this being a one time thing, we can…”

Carrie cut her off with a firm kiss on the lips, pushing her up against the sink again. Surprised at the girl’s eagerness, Sarah melted into the kiss and returned it with equal fervour. Carrie felt the girl grasping at the waistband of her purple leggings and wiggled her hips to help Sarah slide them down. With a soft plop, the messy leggings hit the tile.

“Let’s get you in the shower,” Sarah whispered between kisses, reaching back and twisting on the hot water. Carrie lifted off Sarah navy shirt, revealing her small perky tits to the cold air. Sarah returned the favour, peeling off Carrie’s sports bra so that they were both standing naked on the tile. Careful not to trip, Carrie maneuvered the two of them into the tub, kissing passionately all the while. Once they were thoroughly under the stream, Carrie began kissing her way down Sarah’s body. She circled Sarah’s brown nipples with her tongue before slowly progressing down to the girl's belly button until she was kneeling in the tub, warm water spraying everywhere.

“I’ve wanted this for so long,” Carrie whispered, looking up at Sarah’s smiling face. Closing her eyes, she pressed her lips to Sarah’s lower ones.

*037*2023-05-01 21:32

Erika and Laura haven’t gotten the spotlight in awhile but they’re back in this chapter and taking on an overnight fundraiser!

Chapter 14: The Fundraiser

“So Sarah and Carrie hooked up on Valentine’s Day?” Erika repeated, still in disbelief at what she was hearing. The ginger’s mouth hung open as she packed her backpack on edge of the kitchen at 54 Sherbrooke.

“Yup, all the way. Carrie ate her out in the shower. Heck, they probably fucked in your bed,” Carmen said cheekily as she lounged in her sweatpants, sitting on the edge of the counter. The Hispanic girl had on a baggy sweater with the Greatwestern University logo on the front and a pile of rolling papers sat on top of the cookbooks next to her.

“Why my bed?” Erika asked, appalled at the suggestion. She shuffled around her bag, clad in grey leggings and a blue workout top that revealed her shoulders.

“I’m just joshing,” Carmen smirked, setting down the lighter and beginning to grind her weed to roll up her blunts. “I just figured you’d be jealous.”

Carrie was annoyed by this assertion and made a face at her housemate. “Why would I be jealous? Cuz I’m a lesbian? Doesn’t mean I’m attracted to EVERY bi girl!”

“You totally have a thing for Carrie, everyone knows it,” Carmen replied with an eye roll.

“No I don’t, she’s one of my close friends,” Erika protested, her face turning as red as her hair.

“Oh you so do,” Carmen teased, her fingers expertly rolling her blunt on the hard cover of the cookbook. She made a licking motion with her tongue at the blushing ginger.

“Oh quit it Carmen!”

Turning, Erika saw her best friend Laura standing in the doorway to the kitchen clad in black leggings and a red sweater. The brunette soccer player has a backpack sling over her back and her arms were crossed like an annoyed mom.

“She doesn’t have a thing for Carrie and it’s kinda homophobic to assume she does.”

Erika loved when her best friend was all business. It was impressive how firmly she defended her friends. Despite any attraction she may have once felt for Carrie, Erika had long since gotten over it and had happily become friends with the short brunette. There were no longer any romantic feelings anymore.

“God, you’re so sensitive Laura! I was just poking fun at her,” Carmen complained.

“You can poke fun without it being mean,” Laura scowled, staring down the other girl.

“Fine, whatever. I’m sorry Erika, I didn’t mean to hurt your feelings,” Carmen huffed apologetically.

“It’s fine,” the ginger said meekly.

Carmen hopped off the counter, her rolling complete. “Alright bitches, I’m gonna go smoke this blunt. Have fun with your nerd shit!”

As the Hispanic girl exited the back door, Laura fumed under her breath. “Nerd shit? God, Carmen has been pissing me off so much lately.”

“I think she’s just been upset that she’s been doing so poorly in school,” Erika said defensively, referring to Carmen’s recent string of failed midterms. “She may have to repeat a semester.”

“That’s not an excuse to belittle your friends! She and I used to be way closer,” Laura complained.

“She’ll come around,” Erika reassured her. “Just give her time.”

“Ugh, why are you always right,” Laura sighed. “Are you all packed for tonight?”

Erika gestured to her large blue rucksack on the floor that was stuffed to the brim with items. “I packed for this fundraiser like it’s the apocalypse! None of the other teams are going to be ready for my useful items.”

Laura grinned at her best friend. “You’re always so prepared! This is going to be the best fundraiser ever!

———-

“You know you really have to stand up for yourself more.”

Erika didn’t respond as she and Laura walked down the busy street towards campus. The air was less chilly than usual, heralding the end end of February that was right around the corner.

“It’s just hard with Carmen sometimes. She’s really cool and intimidating,” Erika replied sheepishly, shifting her ruck sack higher onto her shoulder.

“Yeah, but you can’t just let her walk all over you! You need to be more confident,” Laura chided. “Speak up when you need to.”

“I’d speak up if I really needed to,” Erika said defensively. “I just wasn’t that bothered by Carmen’s comments.”

“She was being a dick to you, I know you were bothered.”

“Okay, but not enough to warrant confrontation,” the ginger explained.

Laura sighed in annoyance. “Your lack of a spine is going to come back to bite you at some point.”

“Can we please talk about something else? I don’t want to think about it anymore.”

“Fine,” Laura said. “But don’t expect my sympathy next time you don’t stand up for yourself.”

The two girls dove into a conversation about the fundraiser that evening. The event was intended to raise money for cancer research and was being held overnight in the campus athletic centre. Each participant joined a team of ten and was obligated to fundraise a minimum of 150 dollars per person. Erika had joined a team with some of Laura’s teammates from the Greatwestern varsity women’s soccer team and they had reached their goal without issue. Now, the participants were tasked with pulling an all nighter and playing games against the other teams in the fundraiser to celebrate their accomplishments and raise further cancer awareness.

Erika was nervous for what the evening had in store. She had agreed to fundraise for the event to help support Laura, whose dad had cancer, but she didn’t really know the rest of their team that well. She was hoping to be able to make some friends but she was shy and wasn’t sure what to expect from these athletes. Erika herself had never been the most coordinated and she didn’t want to be judged for her lack of skill.

———

After a ten minute walk, the two girls arrived at the campus athletic centre. The building was a large gray cement structure, with huge glass windows in front stretching up two stories. Pushing through the revolving doors, the girls were greeted by cheering volunteers from the Cancer Foundation who blowing airhorns and waving signs.

Erika smiled to herself, impressed by everyone’s enthusiasm. Following Laura, the two girls made their way down into the large gymnasium where the event was being hosted. The space was filled with hundreds of people setting up tents, stretching and eating snacks. Erika saw one girl carrying a large stack of sleeping bags, and a guy slipping into a Darth Vader mask. Everyone was in good spirits, dressed in brightly coloured athletic clothing and funny costumes. Laura led the way around the edge of the gym space and approached an area with a number of blue tents with soccer balls hastily spray painted onto the sides in black. Erika noticed that a small circle of girls in the centre of the grouping of tents were waving at her and Laura, beckoning them over.

“Come on, it’s time for you to finally meet my teammates properly,” Laura said, grabbing Erika’s hand and pulling her behind her towards the circle.

Immediately a short, athletic brunette stepped forward with an outstretched hand. As Erika shook it, she couldn’t help but admire the girl’s toned thighs and calves.

“Hi, I’m Halle!” the fit girl beamed. “You must be Erika! Laura has told us plenty about you.”

So this was Halle! Erika recalled Laura telling her about the other talented striker that played for Greatwestern’s women’s soccer team. Halle had been Laura’s biggest rival until the national championship where Laura had messed herself before winning the game. Halle had gotten over her animosity and helped her out. Ever since then, Erika knew the two of them had become amicable but she was still surprised to see her there on their fundraising team.

“Nice to meet you Halle,” Erika smiled, and then stepped back to wave at the others in the circle.

“Hey girly, I’m Naomi! We met at Greg’s party in the fall!” a black girl said as she stepped forward.

Erika nodded in recognition. “I remember you! It’s nice to see you again!”

The other two remaining girls stepped forward as well. Erika recognized the petite blonde as Ginger and the tall raven haired Asian girl as Caroline. She had met them numerous times hanging out with Laura, and they had all gotten along. Ginger was a midfielder on the quieter side while Caroline was a confident and bold defender. While their personalities might have seemed to clash on paper, Erika found that they always bounced off of each other extremely well and she thoroughly enjoyed their company. Giving each of them a hug, Erika couldn’t help but feel that the night might be a bit better than she was dreading.

———-

Four hours later, Erika was thoroughly exhausted. Having grown up playing piano, she had never put much of her efforts towards sports and her athletic ability had never been the best because of it. Her strict Irish-American parents had ensured that she’s stayed focused on music instead of dividing her attention between pursuits. This was something the ginger regretted, as she had struggled to keep up with her classmates in any sports.

As the clock on the wall ticked past 1am, Erika could feel the fatigue setting in. She and the other girls had played a variety of sports against the other teams present over the course of the evening. They had dominated at dodgeball thanks to Laura’s uncanny reflexes and Halle had led them to a crazy comeback in basketball despite her short stature. Ginger, Naomi and Caroline were all talented athletes themselves and had contributed to the team’s prowess in each activity. Erika herself had begun to feel like a waste of space. The ginger had unfortunately taking a ball to the face in their volleyball match against a group of Second Year boys dressed in an all purple colour scheme. Her ensuing bloody nose had left her even less effective in the game of kickball that followed.

Lying in the mosh pit that they had set up by throwing pillows, blankets and clothing on the floor, the team enjoyed their long awaited respite. The games were winding down for the evening and all that was left was one final event, the Cross Campus Dash. Ever since the fundraiser had been devised 14 years prior, the night was brought to an end by all the competitors racing from the Athletic Centre to the Science Library. Erika knew it was a fun event and that everyone always loved putting on glow sticks in the dark, but she was still dreading the exertion. At this point, she simply wanted two things; she wanted to pee and she wanted to sleep.

The urge to pee had come on during their first game of dodgeball and had yet to subside. Already embarrassed by her poor performance in the games, the last thing Erika wanted was to make them shorthanded by taking a bathroom break. Bracing herself for some discomfort, she had decided to endure the urge until someone else asked to go. Now, almost two hours later, Erika’s teammates were still showing no inclination of taking a bathroom break.

“My thighs are so sore,” Naomi groaned, as she kneaded her upper legs with her fists. “Who knew this fundraiser would be such a workout.”

“I know, right?” Laura replied, lounging against her jacket and a pillow. “I’m so dead and it’s barely even 1am. How are we going to do the run and hang out with everyone afterwards?”

Erika smiled at her best friend’s complaining. Laura was the most athletic person she knew, even being considered for the women’s American National Soccer Team. A few gym games weren’t actually slowing her down that much.

“Something tells me you’ll find a second wind,” Halle smirked. “Did you see who is on that team over by those green tents? It’s like all dudes from the Greatwestern men’s soccer team.”

Laura immediately sat up straighter, craning her neck to see their male counterparts. “You’re kidding!”

“Nuh uh,” Halle grinned. “And it seems like they’re also undefeated like us.”

“Fuck, we’ve gotta beat them in the race then,” Laura grimaced, a look of pure determination on her face.

Erika rolled her eyes inwardly. Laura had been obsessed with the captain of the men’s soccer team all year long, and she had talked about it endlessly to Erika at every waking moment despite never having met the dude.

“You’re telling me Bastian Thomas is participating?” she said slyly, using the captain’s name to poke fun at Laura.

“Yup,” Halle replied. “Let’s just hope he finds Laura as fine as she finds him.”

“Guys, shut up,” Laura complained, making a face of annoyance. “I just don’t want the guys’ soccer team doing better than us.”

“Whatever you say girly,” Naomi said, joining in on the teasing.

“Ugh, I hate you guys,” Laura groaned, standing up and grabbing her water bottle. “Let’s head over to the start line. I want to win this thing.”

Erika stood up slowly, feeling the pee sloshing around inside her belly. As soon as she was on her feet the need worsened, gravity pulling down on her bladder. Fighting an urge to cross her legs, Erika glanced down at her stomach and was greeted by a slightly distended bulge beneath her grey leggings. Cringing inwardly, she regretted the gatorades she had downed earlier in the evening. Looking hopefully at her teammates, none of them seemed to indicate any interest in visiting the bathroom.

I can hold it, she thought to herself as she followed everyone to the starting line.

———

“Ready! Set! Go!”

With a bang, the lady holding a large microphone fired the starting gun indicating the beginning of the race.

Erika felt her knees complaining as she began to run in the large pack of people moving away from the finish line. Laura, who had lined up at the start line with her, was already slipping away as she weaved her way through the crowd. Erika smiled at her friend’s determination to do well but she couldn’t help but wish that they could have run together. The race was only a mile and a half but Erika knew that she couldn’t keep up. Laura was in a league of her own.

As she jogged with the masses, Erika felt her bladder jostling and shaking with every step. She was already regretting not speaking up, and the agitation was making her think back to her terrible moment on Halloween where she had wet herself in her cumbersome costume. She didn’t have to go that badly at all, but the rhythmic pace of her footsteps was making the urge seem worse than it was.

Just wait like twelve minutes, her brain told her. You can finish this distance in twelve minutes and then you can pee.

Gritting her teeth and tensing her pelvic muscles, Erika did her best to focus on her pace and the ground underneath her. Running on the campus paths was okay, but the concrete was old enough that she had to be careful not to trip or roll her ankle.

The crowd of runners was stratifying and Erika knew she was somewhere near the middle of the pack. She could see many people in front of her but each time she glanced back she could see a comparative amount. Wishing she was as fast as Laura, Erika plodded onwards.

Suddenly her bladder sent a loud complaint to her brain. Passing runner after runner, she felt herself spurred on by her need to urinate. As the finish line entered her sight line, Erika realized she was running faster than usual. The ginger was bemused by her own grit that was derived from this moment of desperation, and couldn’t help but wonder if the need to pee made her a better athlete.

Finally, kicking herself into the highest gear, Erika burst forward across the finish line at a glorious speed. Whooping in delight at her strong finish, Erika found herself being mobbed by her teammates who had already finished.

“Holy shit Erika!” Laura yelled excitedly. “You got 10 minutes and 34 seconds! That’s insane! We have a chance of winning this contest!”

“I… I was that fast?” Erika panted, her face red from exertion.

“Yes! How’d you do it?” Halle asked excitedly. “Laura and I finished top ten, so now we’ve got a chance to get the points necessary to win this whole thing!”

“Oh… wow!” Erika replied, still shocked to hear how fast she’d gone. Was she really that desperate? “Do you think we can find a bath-“

“Let’s go to the podium area! We can see how we stack up against the others and see if we can calculate our scores before they announce them in the morning!” Halle suggested in excitement, cutting Erika off.

“Great idea!” Laura replied, hurrying after the petite brunette.

Not wanting to interrupt and risk annoying them, Erika dutifully followed her friends.

————

Erika checked her phone discretely, tucked into her sleeping bag on the floor of the gym. The dim glow showed a time of 2:47am. She was exhausted and desperate to pee but her teammates were still showing few signs of being ready for bed. Underneath the covers, Erika had her left hand jammed into her crotch; the last hour had been brutal on her bladder but she still wasn’t as bad off as she’d been on Halloween. This thought comforted her and she knew she could wait longer, despite the intense signals from her bladder. There still hadn’t been a good opportunity to ask everyone to go to the bathroom and she didn’t want to interrupt their gossip.

“I think Kyle Partridge is so cute,” Naomi was saying, pointing at a boy’s Instagram page on her phone. “Just look at that middle part and those eyes… dreamy.”

Erika had always hated this part of the night. As soon as her friends started talking about guys, it was hard for her to stay as interested or involved. Being into girls had always been difficult for her and she sometimes struggled to endure the long conversations about cute guys and their stupid hairstyles. Groaning from annoyance at the conversation progression and the pulsating urge from down below, she pulled a blanket closer to her chin and snuggled up as cozily as her body would allow.

“Are you okay?” Caroline whispered, noticing her odd movement in her sleeping bag.

“Yeah, I’m fine.” Erika whispered back. “Just trying to get comfortable.

For the next 30 minutes, Erika nodded along to the gossiping and smiled performatively at each boy’s description and the tale that each girl had experienced with him. Finally, as 3:30 rapidly approached, Laura yawned loudly.

“Guys, I think we should sleep soon if we’re going to be up for the closing ceremonies at 10am.”

“Fuckk, that’s early,” bemoaned Ginger, already feeling the lack of sleep. The morning was going to be miserable for the girls.

“We should probably hit the hay like now,” Halle agreed as she fluffed her pillow. “If not, we’ll regret it.”

“Can one of you turn out the flashlight?” Laura asked, already settling into her sleeping bag to doze off.

In shock, Erika realized her best friend had no intention of visiting the bathroom before going to sleep. Building up her courage, she finally forced herself to ask a question.

“Anyone want to come with me to the bathroom before we sleep?”

“I’m okay,” Laura replied. “I went earlier and I’m honestly pretty dehydrated.”

Most of the other girls echoed this sentiment or simply stated that they didn’t want to get up and go. Caroline announced that she could hold it until morning despite having a slight urge.

Not wanting to stand out, Erika decided to try and fall asleep and just go in the morning instead of doing the walk of shame in front of everyone. She knew she was being illogical but she was too shy to get up and go now, while everyone would surely notice.

Bidding her teammates goodnight, Erika rolled onto her side and began gently kneading her crotch through her leggings with her hands beneath the sleeping bag. As the murmurs of people talking slowly petered out, Erika squirmed back and forth in an attempt to fall asleep. She figured that her bladder would wake her up mid way through the night if she really had to go and she could slip to the bathroom then. After a few minutes of fidgeting, the hours of physical exertion caught up to her and her eyelids grew heavy. Before she knew it, her fatigue had overcome her urge to pee and she had fallen fast asleep.

———-

Erika was standing on the dock of her grandparents cottage in Ireland. The sky was filled with rolling grey clouds and waves lapped at the edges of the wooden planks. Glancing down at herself, the ginger realized she was dressed in a one piece swimsuit as orange as her hair; it was the one her mother had bought her for beach days the summer before. Glancing around her, Erika couldn’t make out any boats on the horizon which was unusual for the area, especially at this time of year. Looking up the hill behind her towards the cottage, she couldn’t make out the sounds of any of her siblings running around. There was something off about the day, but she couldn’t quite put her finger on what.

As she tried to ponder what was the matter, Erika was overcome by an overwhelming urge to pee. Crossing her bare legs, Erika made up her mind on what to do. Wrapping the towel next to her around her shoulders, she rushed up the hill towards the cottage.

Reaching the top, she pulled the handle of the screen door only to find it locked. Cursing under her breath, she yanked again and received the same result. Frantically, the orange clad ginger rushed around the cottage to the front door, but this entry was also prevented by a drawn bolt on the other side.

Erika’s head was in a tizzy as she was overcome with desperation. Her bladder was pulsating and a warmth was emanating from her nether regions. Wracking her brains, she pulled back a long buried memory. When she was little, she had once been desperate for a wee down by the dock and she had used her grandfather’s own fishing pail.

Rushing back in that direction, Erika’s bare feet padded through the grass of the lawn as quickly as she could propel herself. Reaching the dock, she spotted the old gray pail laying on its side near one of the corners. Tiptoeing over the wood in an effort to avoid splinters, she quickly tipped it upright and pranced around on the wood.

In a rushed motion, she yanked down her orange one piece swimsuit and exposed herself to the air. Her pink nipples on her large pale breasts met the air and hardened immediately. Her orange push between her thighs glistened in the sunlight.

“What are you doing?”

Turning in surprise at the sudden voice, Erika found herself face to face with three young women. In horror, the girl realized that these were her three most prominent crushes.

Gabby Potter, the statuesque black girl who had been in Erika’s high school shop class, was staring directly at her erect nipples. Helen Malloy, the petite blonde lab partner from Erika’s first year, was ogling her hairy muff. Most shocking of all, Taylor Swift, Erika’s celebrity crush, was peering into her soul.

Yelping in surprise, her brain unable to comprehend what these three individuals were doing present in her grandparents backyard in Ireland, Erika desperately tried to shield herself with her hands.

“Just pee in the bucket,” her bladder said in a deep voice, reminiscent of Morgan Freeman.

Erika’s bladder was pounding and she knew she truly needed to go right now, audience or not.

Positioning her naked body over the bucket, Erika began to pee. The urine poured out of her, spraying into the bucket below. It warmed her slowly, spreading down her legs and up her back.

Gabby, Helen and Taylor were laughing and pointing, but Erika didn’t care. She knew there was no way they were real, that this whole thing was probably just a dream. She sighed in relief as the pee continued to spill out of her, warming her backside.

Then she froze.

If her crushes weren’t real and this was all a dream, why did the pee feel so real??

Erika’s eyes shot open, and widened in shock as she lay in the darkness of the gym. She was still at the fundraiser, tucked into her sleeping bag in the midst of hundreds of sleeping contestants. As her grogginess cleared and her senses returned, the ginger became extremely cognizant of warm pee stretching from the base of her neck straight to her ankles. Her sleeping back was fully saturated, as were her leggings and shirt. She was laying in a puddle of her own making, marinating in her own urine.

“Fuck,” she swore softly. Laura was right, she really needed to speak up for herself more. Her passive nature had caused her to wet her sleeping bag. How on earth would she be able to hide this?

*039*2023-06-30 21:09

After a long hiatus, I am excited to announce that I have the next two chapters written! I will be posting the next one sometime this weekend.

In the meantime, I have written a short messing story following Carrie's sister Bianca who we met in the New Years chapter, Chapter 11. Feel free to check out Discovering the Kitty Litter Box

.

*040*2023-07-04 02:58

After a long hiatus, this story is back.

This chapter contains no messing.

Chapter 15: The Last Straw

Jules Shahir was grinning from ear to ear to ear as she walked David down to his car, parked in the driveway of 54 Sherbrooke Avenue. She had only known this man for just under two months and he had already won her heart in every regard. It had been weird at first when he had asked her out. She had felt a need to ask his little sister - her mentee Victoria - for permission to go on a date with him. Victoria had acquiesced, even though Jules could tell that she hated it. That was always Victoria though, too kind to Jules at her own detriment. The guilt for making Victoria feel uncomfortable quickly evaporated as David had charmed her on date after date. They had gone bowling, climbing and to several nice dinners. Finally, after weeks of build up, Jules had managed to get him in bed.

This morning, following a night of everything she had dreamed of, Jules was giddy with happiness. The crisp morning March air chilled her cheeks and nose as she strode across the porch with her hand in his. Her blonde hair was done up in a bun and she was wearing pyjama bottoms and one of David’s sweaters.

“Thanks for having me this weekend, Jules,” David beamed, and Jules couldn’t help but appreciate how cute he looked with his brown middle part. She still wasn’t over how much time the boy was putting into getting to know her and driving up from his own college to see her.

“It was my pleasure, you goof. You know I adore having you here.”

David was immensely flattered by these words. “Listen Jules, there’s something I’ve been meaning to ask you.”

“Oh, what’s up?” Jules asked, intrigued by his shyness.

“Um… I’ve been having a lot of fun with you on dates lately,” he said slowly. “And I’ve been wondering if you’d like to be my girlfriend.

Shocked and pleased by his question, Jules wrapped her arms around his torso and pulled him into a tight hug. “Of course I’d love to be your girlfriend, David!”

“Oh thank god,” he replied as he breathed a sigh of relief. Pulling her close to his chest, he leaned in and kissed her gently. Jules melted into the kiss, pressing her body up against him and returning the kiss with passion. She was radiating happiness and comfort, amazed with his kindness and beauty. After a long moment, she broke away from the kiss and leaned her head against his chest. As she faced sideways, her eyes wandered out into the street and noticed a girl walking by who was staring at them.

With a start, Jules took in who it was. With brown curly hair and steely eyes that could kill, Maddy stared Jules down with an animosity like no other. The malevolent brunette was David’s ex from his hometown and she had spent the first half of the year bullying the friend group. She had made Jules’ roommate Laura and mentee Victoria pee themselves and had had zero shame about it.

Jules raised an eyebrow back at the other girl to show that she wasn’t intimidated, but couldn’t help but feel her stomach turning over with nerves. Was Maddy going to be upset with her for dating her ex?

Jules pushed the thought from her head. She wouldn’t let thoughts of Maddy ruin her perfect moment; in fact, nothing could ruin her day.

——-

Five hours later, Jules was already missing David. As she walked to the Business Social, a networking event that was held every year to help fourth years find post-grad jobs, she couldn’t help but daydream about being back in his arms. Dressed in black pants and a matching blazer to give off an air of professionalism, Jules was not looking forward to having to have a bunch of professional conversations. Whenever David came to town to see her, she found herself totally distracted from the things that usually interested her.

As she strode across campus on the cement paths, Jules spotted Ronnie and Sarah making their way towards her. Ronnie grinned as she spotted Jules and gestured to Sarah excitedly. The tall blonde and petite wasian brunette rushed to her side immediately.

“Hey Sarah, hey Ronnie!” Jules was glad that her housemates would be able to distract her from her wandering thoughts about David.

“Hey Jules, where’ve you been?” Sarah asked.

“We were just saying that we can’t believe they’re hosting this event in the Bronson Building,” Ronnie gushed excitedly. “It has such a nice hall for this event, the sky light is incredible.”

“I agree, it’s so nice! How have your weekends been? I feel like I haven’t seen you guys in forever!” Jules replied as the trio began making their way down a branching path into the heart of campus.

“It was good, we went to a party at one of the frat’s on Saturday night. Greg Hutchins was there, do you remember him?” Sarah inquired while fixing the strap on her heel and the belt of her green dress.

“Is he the guy with the brother who plays in the NFL?”

“Yeah him,” Sarah explained. “He’s like totally in love with you. Your popularity still has everyone talking about you.”

Jules rolled her eyes. “I don’t deserve all this hype. All I did was bully some bullies.”

“Yeah but it has the men all over you! I’m low-key jealous,” Sarah sighed.

“Not worth being jealous over, I hate all the attention.”

“Jules has all the attention she needs at the moment,” Ronnie teased. “How was having David over? Bestie, you disappeared!”

Jules blushed bright red and smiled. “It was really nice. We finally did it!”

This revelation evoked gasps of shock and happiness from Sarah and Ronnie who immediately asked for details. Jules refused to give any and quickly changed the subject.

“Guess what happened this morning though.”

“Queen, stop trying to avoid the topic,” Sarah complained.

“Maddy saw me kissing David goodbye,” Jules told the two girls. “And I’m low-key worried she’s mad I’m with her ex.”

“She doesn’t have a right to be mad. Didn’t she cheat on him?” Ronnie asked.

“Oh shit, we’re totally going to see her tonight!” Sarah exclaimed in surprise. “She’s definitely going to come to this event.”

“So she’s gonna give me evil eye the whole time! Honestly I wouldn’t put it past her to say something,” Jules fretted, nervous by what Maddy would try to pull.

“Don’t worry Jules,” Ronnie said firmly. “If anything happens, we’ve got your back.”

————

Five minutes later, the three young women arrived at the Bronson Building. This newly erected structure was the pinnacle of Greatwestern University’s campus and part of a push to bring the campus into the future. The gorgeous design of the building never ceased to make Jules proud of her University as she walked through the large front doors into the vaulted lobby, its skylights allowing rays of sunlight to reflect off the white marble floors and walls.

Looking around the atrium, Jules could see many other students in business attire milling about, mingling as they waited for the event to start. She felt her stomach flutter with nerves at the thought of how many people were in attendance. She had never been a huge fan of crowds and the thought of Maddy confronting her in front of one this large terrified her.

“We should sign in,” Ronnie suggested, pointing to a table being operated by two of the business faculty employees. “We can start chatting to people once we have our name tags.”

“Good idea,” Sarah replied enthusiastically. “C’mon Jules!”

Grabbing the blonde’s hand, Sarah pulled her in the direction of the registration table. Taking charge, she gave their names to the staff and received a badge for herself and her two friends.

“Do we get drink tickets?” she asked the lady who had passed her the badges.

Raising an eyebrow, the grey haired woman passed her 6 slips of paper. In a scolding tone, she replied, “You get two each, but you better drink responsibly.”

“We will,” Sarah replied with a smirk, then she turned around and winked at her friends.

Ronnie giggled, and Jules found herself smiling in spite of her nerves.

———

30 minutes later, after two glasses of champagne from the bar, Jules was feeling a little tipsy. The event had kicked off in earnest with the Dean of the Business program giving a short speech and introducing the industry professionals to the students. Since then, Jules had been doing her best to network with the various visitors from fields she was interested in.

Luckily, while Ronnie had slipped away to go talk to an accountant at a company she had applied to for her first post-grad job, Sarah had stuck with Jules. This has helped calm Jules’ nerves slightly as Sarah bombarded whoever they were talking to with an endless slew of questions. This allowed the focus to shift off of the jittery blonde and she enjoyed flying under the radar.

“So what do you think is most important to focus on if I’m interested in digital marketing?” Sarah was asking a man in a blue suit that worked for a large fast food chain.

“God, you really do ask the most generic questions ever,” someone behind Jules blurted, cutting across the man’s response.

Turning around in surprise at the sudden rude interruption, Jules found herself face to face with Maddy.

The brunette had her face in a frown as she glared down Jules and Sarah, her right hand resting on her hip as her crazy curls bobbed behind her. Jules quickly sized Maddy up, her nerves returning instantly. Her heart dropped into her stomach and she was hit by a sudden urge to pee as she took the girl in. Maddy was a solid three inches taller than her, and she was absolutely squeezed into a tiny black cocktail dress that left very little to the imagination. The hem barely covered the bottom of her panties and Jules was amazed at the girl’s sheer body confidence.

“Sorry ma’am, you can’t just cut in like that. This young lady had an important question and I am happy to answer it,” the accountant replied, a look of surprise on his face.

“Sorry, I didn’t mean to be rude,” Maddy smiled sweetly. “I’m just teasing my good friends, isn’t that right girlies?”

Sarah glared back at her and in an attempt to get the conversation back on track she mumbled out “She was kidding.”

“Oh,” the man looked relieved, smiling slightly. “Haha, I really can’t keep up with young people’s sense of humour anymore. It’s hard to follow!”

Sarah and Jules laughed awkwardly as Maddy fake guffawed at the man’s statement.

“I didn’t mean to interrupt,” the curly brunette said sweetly, holding out a little box that was clutched in her right hand. “But I made cookies and wanted to make sure you guys got one.”

“Oh thank you!” the man exclaimed, taking one eagerly. “I love milk cookies!”

“Sorry Maddy, I’m going to have to pass. I’m lactose intolerant,” Sarah said as sweetly as she could.

Jules had no similar excuse and took one as well. Looking it over, she tentatively raised it to her lips and took a gentle bite. To her surprise, the cookie was deliciously infused with flavour and she smiled.

“Thanks Maddy, this is actually really delicious.”

“Anytime sweetie,” Maddy replied with a sly smile. “I’m a very passionate baker!”

With a flick of her curls, Maddy spun on her heel and slipped away into the crowd.

———

Jules shifted uncomfortably in her seat. An hour before, the students had been guided into the building auditorium where a panel of speakers was assembled to speak about the importance of networking. While the discussion had been insightful and the speakers had been engaging, Jules was beginning to find it harder and harder to pay attention. Ever since the 20 minute mark, the freckled blonde had been fighting off an overwhelming urge to pee. The feeling had increased out of nowhere, shooting from a dull ache to a pulsing need. Jules was surprised that her bladder hadn’t given her more warning since she normally got numerous signals when her need was increasing.

Glancing to the aisle to her left, Jules felt herself regretting the fact that she’d taken a seat in the middle of a row; she’d have to climb over Ronnie, Sarah and two strangers just to exit the auditorium. Not wanting to annoy her peers or interrupt the presentation, Jules crossed her legs for the millionth time since the presentation started, her dress pants rubbing and making an audible noise.

Hearing the noise, Sarah gave her a look before leaning closer to her ear. In a whisper, she asked “Are you all good? You’ve been really fidgety.”

“I just really have to pee,” Jules whispered back, making a face of mock disgust at her own need.

“Oh…” Sarah replied, her eyes widening. A look of genuine concern came over her face.

“It’s nothing, don’t worry,” Jules reassured her quickly in a hushed tone. Ever since the inception of the piddle pants club at the start of the school year, their friend group seemed to be cursed by a number of unfortunate bathroom mishaps. Jules had been relatively fine compared to some of the group, but even she had peed herself once in the fall. She had been doing her best not to be too superstitious about the fact that everyone’s potty training had been worse since the club had been formed, but she could see that Sarah seemed to think it was a curse.

“Girl, get up and go! We’ve had too many whacky accidents to just dismiss this stuff, I swear luck has been totally against us lately,” Sarah hissed.

Jules understood where her friend was coming from. Sarah had been hit particularly hard by a rash of accidents of some kind and she had every right to encourage Jules to be careful.

“I promise I’ll go as soon as the presentation is over,” Jules whispered back.

At that moment, Ronnie peered over from the other side of Sarah and shot the two girls an inquisitive look. “What are you two whispering about?”

“Jules has to pee, and I’m telling her to go before the piddle curse takes hold of her.”

Ronnie put her hand to her mouth to stifle a giggle. Leaning closer, she quietly teased Sarah. “You really think there’s a curse? I still haven’t peed myself, I think it’s just a problem for those of us with weak bladders.”

Faster than lightning, Sarah sent a jab into Ronnie’s side causing the tall blonde to nearly squeal audibly.

“Cool it!” Jules hissed. “We’re gonna get kicked out.”

Sheepishly, Ronnie and Sarah stopped their conversation and feud and faced back towards the stage. Giving her crotch a discrete squeeze with her left hand, Jules braced herself for the remainder of the presentation. Still unsure of where the urge had come from, she did her best to focus in on what was being said.

————

“Holy shit, that was so long!” Sarah groaned, stretching her arms out above her head in an attempt to dispel the soreness in her lower back.

“Yeah but it was worth it,” Ronnie countered. “I learned a lot of useful info that I’ll probs use at some point.”

“Whateverrrr, let’s just see if we can get any good snacks,” Sarah replied dismissively.

Shuffling behind them, Jules was absolutely bursting for the bathroom. Her crotch felt swampy underneath her dress pants and lace panties and she was sweating profusely. She had never had to pee this badly in her life, not even when she’d had her accident on the Frosh Week Trip back in September. It was as if an otherworldly force was acting on her bladder and compelling her to go pee. She needed to get to the toilet as soon as possible.

“Um guys, you go on ahead and find food. I still really need to pee,” Jules confessed.

Immediately, all of Sarah’s joking demeanour disappeared again. “Fuck sorry, I forgot girly. Are you okay?”

“Yeah… well no actually. I’ll see you guys soon,” she blurted before darting away to move into the crowd, head down.

“Jules?” someone called from in front of her.

Glancing up, Jules spotted Ralph from one of the college frats standing across from her.

“I was just telling everyone how you’re the coolest person at this fucking school!” Ralph shouted excitedly. His crowd of friends were gathering around and nodding in agreement.

“Thanks Ralph… but can I talk to you in a sec? I really need to…”

“Guys, she literally stood up to these prissy bully girls and made them have accidents like little kids! It was so badass!” Ralph continued. “She’s the coolest person that any of the sororities associate with!”

“Ralph I really…”

“Wait, you’re Jules Shahir? Girl, I heard you’re the queen bee of this school,” one of Ralph’s friends said in realization.

“I’m not that special, I just need to…”

“She’s so humble,” Ralph beamed, excited by the attention his friends were giving him for introducing him to Jules. The group was eagerly checking Jules out and she felt very exposed in her sticky underwear. She knew that if she didn’t slip away now, she was going to start to leak.

“Ralph, I’m sorry but I…”

“Jules, tell them how you…”

“HOLY FUCK!” Jules screamed, “Stop talking over me!”

Ralph was taken aback by this sudden outburst, acclimated to Jules’ usually calm and somewhat shy demeanour. His face fell and he took a step backward away from her.

“I really need the bathroom. I’ll come talk to you after,” Jules explained, feeling badly about her intense expression of frustration. Jamming a hand into her crotch and doing away with her dignity, Jules turned away from the group to rush off.

To her surprise, she found herself face to face with Maddy.

The curly brunette was grinning from ear to ear as she glanced down at the hand in Jules’ crotch. Raising an eyebrow, she lifted her hand from her side and Jules realized in horror that she was holding a microphone.

Noticing Jules’ surprise at the microphone, Maddy laughed. “Surprised? Tech access is one of the many perks of being a TA in this building.”

“Maddy… please. I’ve never done anything to you,” Jules blurted in terror, horrified that her fears for the evening were coming true in a more extreme way than she’d ever even imagined possible. Maddy was choosing to humiliate her in front of her entire program.

“Never done anything? Oh please bitch!” Maddy rolled her eyes. Then, with a flick of her finger, she switched on her microphone.

“No!” Jules gasped, tears welling in her eyes. As she panicked, a small leak spurted past her defences and wet her lace panties. She gasped and desperately tried to hold on.

“My dear fellow business baddies,” Maddy called into the microphone, projections to the whole room. She had hooked it up to the building’s speakers and everyone could here her clearly. “I’m sure you all know Jules Shahir, the so-called queen of Greatwestern. I know many of you worship the ground she walks on, that you want to be her or be with her. I’m here to burst your stupid fucking bubbles and show you the true colours of this stupid bitch.”

The crowd let out a gasp at the harsh language and Jules could see Ronnie and Sarah aggressively pushing through people in an attempt to get closer to her. As another spurt escaped her lower lips, Jules realized they weren’t going to make it to her in time.

“Jules Shahir stole my man knowing full well that we were involved,” Maddy lied. “She took the man I love because she’s a little whore who has always been jealous of me. And I never said anything, I let her be for so long but this is the last fucking straw. I won’t let her walk all over me anymore. I decided that today she gets a taste of her own medicine.”

“My own medicine?” Jules asked, her eyes blurred with tears. Her bladder was spasming and she had been forced to jam both hands into her crotch in front of everyone.

“That’s right bitch. Remember that cookie I gave you earlier? I laced it with a diuretic. You may have become immensely popular by using a similar technique for revenge, but today I’m going to use that exact same technique to humiliate you. Not as funny or cool when you’re on the receiving end, is it?”

“I didn’t do it to be cool,” Jules retorted. “I did it to stop my friend from getting bullied.”

As she said this, she nearly bent double as yet another wave of desperation wracked her body. She was seconds away from completely wetting herself and knew that she needed to extract herself immediately. She had to make a run for the bathroom.

“Oh sweetie, there’s still no excuse for it. You should never have done something like that and not expected consequences,” Maddy said with a sinister smile. Then, in a flash, she jabbed her fingers directly into Jules’ bladder.

Jules gasped in shock at the sudden pang in her abdomen. Before she could react, her bladder contracted and she began to pee in earnest.

Urine shot out of her, rapidly saturating her underwear and running in shiny streams down her dress pants. Glancing down at the white tile, Jules could only watch as a pale yellow puddle began to form.

The crowd was staring at her in shock at the display. Some people had their mouths hanging open, others had pulled out phones to record. Off to her left, one guy was even babbling about how it was impossible. Jules felt a lump forming in her throat as the tears began to stream out of her for real. Her body shuddered with a sob, spraying a thin mist of urine from between her legs.

She was still peeing, peeing more than she ever had in her life. She could feel the slick wet dress pant material against her legs and the warmth radiating from her crotch. The heat had expanded down the back of her pants and she knew that there were shiny streaks visible to everyone.

Maddy was staring at her, a look of surprise and delight on her face. Jules realized that the girl had probably never expected her plan for humiliation to actually work.

“Oh my god, she’s wetting herself!” Maddy called into her microphone, absolutely beaming. “Jules Shahir pissed—“

Wham!

Ronnie had charged out of the crowd and laid a shoulder into Maddy’s side, sending her tumbling. The statuesque blonde had her face distorted in an angry snarl as she stood over the cruel brunette. The microphone spun away as Maddy fell and slid into the crowd.

“What the fuck do you think you’re doing” Ronnie screamed at her. “Do you really think this is okay or normal?”

Maddy seemed taken aback by the words as she lay on the floor. “Bitch, this isn’t about you. Stay out of it!”

“You made this about me when you decided to publicly embarrass my friend,” Ronnie replied icily. “And this isn’t the first time you’ve targeted someone I care about. You’re a bully Maddy and I’m not going to let you keep getting away with this.”

“It’s not my fault your friends have such weak bladders,” Maddy retorted, standing back up and brushing herself off. “Besides, they’ve all deserved what’s coming to them.”

“No they didn’t. You’re a sad little girl who can’t handle her own insecurities,” Ronnie spat back. Jules had never seen the blonde this angry before. Sarah was also on the scene and she began to help Jules up, a look of sympathy on her face.

“Oh please, you’re just like your stupid friends. You all should be put back into diapers until you learn to control yourselves,” Maddy chided.

Ronnie was having none of it. “Oh please, it’s not like you’re some kind of bladder god. Sometimes accidents happen and you can’t shame people for it. Someday it’ll happen to you too.”

The crowd gasped at Ronnie’s audacity and Jules was surprised to see that they seemed to be taking Ronnie’s side.

“No it won’t!” Maddy seethed. “I’ve got bladder control unlike you and your friends. I could hold it way longer than you if I had to!”

“Prove it then!” Ronnie challenged, glaring at the brunette.

“You’re on!” Maddy spat. “Set a time and place and I’ll destroy you.”

The crowd began to whoop and cheer at the challenge. Jules didn’t understand mob mentality or why everyone was so excited by this dispute but it certainly was different than anything they’d probably ever seen.

Maddy threw up her middle finger in Ronnie’s face before charging off towards the exit. The crowd parted for her as she pushed through. As she made her way through the exit, she turned around and called back, “You’re going to fucking lose Veronica!”

Shuffling in her drenched dress pants, Jules made her way to Ronnie’s side. Ronnie pulled her into a side hug and Jules couldn’t help but smile.

“Thanks for standing up for me,” Jules whispered to her tall friend.

“Of course Jules. That bitch is going to pay,” Ronnie replied coldly. “I’m going to ensure that she never has the balls to bother us again!”

*042*2023-07-06 21:49

{{On 7/5/2023 at 4:10 PM, Spambulance said:

This is the best ongoing series on the site at the moment.

}}

Thanks for the kind words! Please let me know if there’s anything you’re interested in seeing.

*045*2023-07-17 02:13

{{On 7/8/2023 at 7:33 PM, asdiddd said:

Will Ronnie pee herself?

}}

Guess you're going to have to read the upcoming chapters 😉

{{On 7/9/2023 at 1:19 PM, Spambulance said:

My favourites are the messing accidents, so I'm always happy to see those chapters- particularly about any of the girls who've not done that yet, but honestly, you're killing it already without pandering to me or anyone else.

}}

There will certainly be more messing to come!

