Study Session (Danganronpa)

Author: Chocofr0st

*000*2025-12-10 22:59

A/N: OKAYYY I'M BACK AGAIN. Don't trust me when I say I'm posting "soon" I'm always lying.

Ah, Mondo my beloved. He’s such an impulsive guy who definitely goes wherever he wants when he feels too full. He just gives “public pisser” vibes. Also, this is a given, but everyone in the story has been aged up to 18. Enjoy!

Since he could remember, Mondo had always hated studying. He should be out on the streets, zooming through the city on his bike, dammit! Not cooped up in a room with a bunch of books and numbers! Unfortunately for him, he’d done a little too much riding recently, and his grades had dropped enough for his boyfriend (Taka) to want to take things into his own hands.

Before he could say anything, he was sitting at the table in his dorm which was now covered with books and homework. Taka sat across from him with his own study materials, already in full focus mode. At first, Mondo tried, he really did…but reading sucked. It wasn’t that he couldn’t read, it was just that every time he tried to, the words on the page would get all jumbled up and become nearly impossible to decipher. There was a word for that, but he didn’t care enough to remember it. He just knew that it made books unnecessarily tricky to get through.

After about ten minutes of trying to unscramble whatever his study guide was trying to tell him, Mondo stood up from the table.

“I gotta take a leak. I’ll be right back.” He said. Taka just nodded and let him go. After he was free, he didn’t come back.

Over the span of a month or so, they went through that same exact charade several times over until today. The same setup as the last few times, but this time, when Mondo said he had to pee, Taka refused him.

“C’mon babe, why not?”

Taka just sighed in response, giving him an exasperated look.

“You know why, Mondo. The last few times we’ve done this you’ve ditched me at this point. You could at least bother to think up a new excuse. Now come on, let’s do our best to get this work done!”

Mondo let out a huff and sat back down, sulking as Taka handed him the study guide again. He dragged himself through a few homework problems before he began to feel something. It was, of course, a familiar dull pressure in his abdomen and at the base of his cock. He sighed in frustration, knowing damn well that Taka wouldn’t let him leave if he asked. To add insult to injury, it was all his own fault. As if he wasn’t already working slowly enough…

A few more minutes went by, and Mondo began to bounce his leg. It was a subtle gesture, but enough to convey that his need was getting worse.

“Nngh…hey babe? I gotta take a leak…” he mumbled sheepishly as Taka looked up at him with a glare.

“No you don’t, Mondo. Finish your homework.”

Mondo tensed, a feeling of unease building in his gut alongside the pressure. Was he actually not going to get out of this. “C-C’mon man, I’m being serious this time!” He pleaded, to no avail. Taka gave him a look that said "this conversation is over” and Mondo looked back at his homework in defeat.

His progress, which had already been slow without this distraction, was now practically nonexistent. His cock now felt sensitive from base to tip, his body clearly expecting him to relieve himself soon. Alas, he still had a lot to get done until he was free. He gritted his teeth in frustration and pressed his thighs together, his newfound determination warring with the nonstop distraction of his rapidly filling bladder.

Pushing through his growing discomfort that was quickly turning into genuine desperation, Mondo managed to get through several more questions. He was almost to the end now…just a little more…!

His efforts were cut short, however, by a sharp stab from his bladder. The urgency of that pang was too much to bear, and his hand shot down to grip his dick through his pants. Mondo shifted in his seat, his breath coming out shaky and labored. As much as he knew it wasn’t possible, it felt like the liquid was inside his shaft. The strong wave of need subsided after a minute, leaving Mondo trembling and gasping.

As if his situation wasn’t already awful enough, it seemed that Mondo’s mind decided this was the perfect time to make things worse. Against his better judgement, he was bombarded with images of waterfalls, rivers, and waves— dripping water and running faucets. He never though he’d be jealous of a fucking sink, but here he was. He was then assaulted by another sting from his bladder, this time causing a tiny leak into his boxers.

By this point, Mondo was hunched over in his chair with both his hands between his thighs. He couldn’t hold back a low whine as he felt another spurt dribble out of him. Yet another one followed shortly after, and Mondo tightened his grip. He was shuddering, practically paralyzed with the effort to keep everything inside.

When the next wave of need hit him, it hit hard. Mondo heard a light hiss, and it wasn’t until he felt hot liquid spreading across the front of his pants that he knew what was happening. He tried to tighten his grip in a weak effort to stop it, but it just gushed through the gaps between his fingers, trailing down his thighs and forming a puddle under his chair.

Taka looked up in confusion, and his eyes widened.

“Mondo!” He gasped, his tone somewhere between shocked and horrified.

“F-Fuck, I-! I-I’m sorry-! I couldn’t fuckin’ hold it-!” Mondo choked out, tears brimming in his eyes as he soaked through his pants and boxers. He felt so weak and pathetic and disgusting.

Taka slowly, almost hesitantly stood up from his seat once it was over. The urine was rapidly turning cold, making Mondo’s clothing stick uncomfortably to him. He kneeled down, avoiding the puddle as best he could before placing a tender hand on Mondo’s cheek.

“Hey. Hey, Mondo, look at me. I’m really sorry. If I’d have known you weren’t lying-”

“No. It’s fine.” Mondo said with a low chuckle. “It was my fault. N-Not the pissin’ myself part, the abusing bathroom breaks part!” Taka laughed as Mondo hurried to draw attention away from the fact that he’d just peed himself.

“Yeah, yeah…” Taka said, lightly rolling his eyes as Mondo got up to change. “I’m curious though…why do you keep insisting on leaving these study sessions? I know I’m boring company, but it’s not that bad, is it?”

Mondo winced a little, blushing as he removed his soaked clothing. “I-I uh…u-um…I struggle with readin’ sometimes…” he murmured, slipping on a fresh pair of pants and underwear. “The words get all blurry n’ shit…it’s fuckin’ embarrassing…”

Taka blinked at him for a moment, and then just laughed. “That’s it? That’s the issue? All this time I thought you just hated studying for being dull…I wasn’t aware you had a reading disability!”

Mondo shrank back in embarrassment as his boyfriend put a gentle hand on his shoulder.

“Okay, I can work with this. Here’s the plan.” Taka said. “I’ll help you by reading the textbooks and study guides aloud. I can also read out any tricky homework problems.”

Mondo paused, then a slow smile spread over his face. “Yeah. That’d be nice. Thanks babe.” He gave Taka a soft peck on the lips and then paused, chuckling awkwardly.

“But first…we’re gonna have to clean up the puddle.”

