Even Heroes Falter (My Hero Academia)

Author: Captain L

*012*2018-07-23 18:24

Author's note: As usual (though less usual as of late), MasterXploder did proofreading.

###

"Watch out, Ashido!"

Hearing the call to attention from class representative Tenya Iida, Mina Ashido's head jolted around various directions, soon enough finding a giant dirt fist barreling towards her. While she attempted to sidestep to avoid the blow as soon as she registered the threat, the speed was just too much to safely dodge. That is, until it was slowed by a spray of ice, freezing over the earthen joints, weighing the arm down enough for Mina to jump out of harm's way. "Woah, thanks for the heads up!"

Jumping onto the outstretched arm, Midoriya leapt over with his own fist primed for a punch, connecting it with the dirt monster's face, shattering the head into a hundred tiny pieces. Now decapitated, the creature fell over, thoroughly defeated. Unfortunately, it was for naught, as another shortly rose up and took its place.

"There's just no end to these things," Kaminari complained.

"Then we keep busting through," Kirishima, all fired up, taunted to the opponents that didn't have the biology to hear it. He charged forward, delivering a body blow to the next enemy with his jagged, rock-hard fist. He wasn't the only one on the offensive, as Midoriya, Iida, and Todoroki joined in with their own hard-hitting attacks.

"This was supposed to be a fun summer training camp," Mina cried as she dove behind a nearby tree, seeking cover from the ensuing debris of another earth creature destroyed by the might of the student heroes. She wasn't wrong, to prepare the class for the ever-growing violent world outside the school campus, one that contained evils like the League of Villains and the recently-defeated Hero Killer Stain, UA had promised its first-years a training camp in a secluded forest, a chance to radically improve their skills as a team. Even students like Mina, who had failed their final, were allowed to join in the festivities.

As their bus arrived on a clearing overlooking the woods they'd be spending the next few weeks, the class even discovered they'd have new pro hero instructors, the Wild Wild Pussycats. Or rather, half the Pussycats, Mandalay and Pixie Bob. That's where the downhill plummet began. In short order, they were so kindly informed that the bus would go no further, they needed to reach the cabins miles away on foot, and they wouldn't have anything to eat until then. And, just to add insult to injury, the forest was crawling with the monsters of living earth, courtesy of Pixie Bob.

It was only rare moments like now where the kids were given a moment to stop. Midoriya and Iida nearly collapsed, while the other MVP, Todoroki, simply activated his fire half of his Quirk and defrosted himself. Most others were bent over and panting, chests heaving as their breaths continued to escape them.

It was clear, even from a cursory glance, that they wouldn't last much longer before succumbing to exhaustion. "What...what time is it now," Ochako gasped.

Iida lifted his left arm, as if it carried the weight of the world, to check his watch. "Ten to four."

Everyone groaned in unison. That meant they had been out here for nearly five hours, and with nothing but memory guiding them to their destination, it could be a hundred feet or a hundred miles until they got to the training grounds. Until then, they'd be going hungry, as Mina's growling stomach reminded her.

"Here, Ashido." Looking up, Mina saw Momo handing her a bottle of water, no doubt created from nothing by her Quirk. "Can't have you getting dehydrated."

"Thanks." Mina took the bottle, unscrewed the cap, and began chugging the cold, refreshing liquid down. True, while it would be bad for any of them to be dehydrated, it was especially dangerous for Mina. Her Quirk required expelling fluids to carry her acid, so if she had none to give, she'd be useless in a fight.

However, all silver linings had a dark cloud attached. She was suffering under a lack of food, yet simultaneously suffering from an abundance of water. Nature had been taking its course inside her pink body over the span of these long hours, and everything she drank to keep herself moving in that intervening time was really taking effect. Mina had to pee.

It was certainly an awkward situation to be caught in. She'd be holding for who knew how much longer if she wanted any chance of making it to the bathroom, maybe she was capable of it, but it would likely involve some real visible desperation. It seemed such was the fate that eventually befell all female members of Class 1-A, the only variable was how publicly they embarrassed themselves. It wasn't even limited to the girls anymore, not after Mineta wet himself shortly after arrival. Mina did not want to be next in that line.

So, what options did she have, aside from simply holding it? Well, no doubt, the tall, broad trees that surrounded them to the edge of visibility in every direction were giving Mina a few ideas. It wasn't exactly a feminine notion, but if worst came to worst, she'd be open to really watering a tree. A tree out of sight, of course.

But that was the problem. If she wandered off by herself, she was just asking to be attacked, because fate always targeted the girl alone in the woods, slasher movie style. On the other hand, if she did it close to everyone else, she was just asking to be spied on by one of the boys, not to name specific names.

"Something on your mind, Ashido?" Lost in thought, Mina didn't realize that Momo hadn't left. Or how her legs were jiggling, stamping into the dirt.

Frankly, there was no reason to hide her predicament from Momo, not after how...open she had been about her own experience in this matter. "Just how badly I need to whiz."

As soon as the words reached Momo's ears, her face blushed a red as bright as her hero costume. "W-why are you telling me?!"

"Well, you asked. Come on, you can't tell me it isn't bothering you too."

"T-that's...besides the point! A hero shouldn't even have the idea that public urination is acceptable!"

"So what was your excuse during the finals?"

"E-er...I have no excuse for my actions. But it was an emergency, and I wasn't thinking clearly."

Mina jumped to her feet, continuing to bounce on her heels, adding wiggling her hips to the dance. "It'll probably be an emergency for me too, soon enough!" True, it was an exaggeration, but it wouldn't be one for long.

"You're just going to have to deal with it. It's not safe enough around here to undress...oh, and the indecency thing too! Right." Momo gently and subtly put on hand on the inner edge of her right thigh.

She had a point, Mina had to concede. They were between waves of onslaught, but there was no guarantee when it would end. Tradition seemed to dictate that it wouldn't be long now. Stopping to take a leak was paramount to putting a target on her forehead, a risk she wasn't exactly willing to take. "Yeah, it might be better to wet myself." She didn't want to believe it, but she was part of a world much more dangerous than a simple high-schooler's worries.

However, from that dejection, opportunity was birthed. A smug smile spread across Mina's face as an idea came to light in her mind. "Hey, Momo. What if we gathered all the girls together and banded together to protect each other while we took our leaks? Like, one or two of us do it at a time, and the rest stand guard, and then we swap out..."

"Weren't you listening to what I said? It's an incredibly inappropriate thing for heroes to do!"

"Come on, we're in the woods! No one's going to get up in arms about a few kids doing their business in the woods! I'm sure the teachers are expecting us to do it too! There's no way they really think we can all just hold it the whole time!"

"They wouldn't wish something so degrading upon us. Not when it sets a poor precedence for our future behavior."

"It's being resourceful with the options available to us in the field!" Despite her eagerness, it was clear her arguments were getting nowhere with Momo, and Mina had to take a different approach. "Listen, I know you know as well as I do, but when we get desperate, it's not going to matter. We have an easy out, let's just take it and drain the water before anything gets worse!"

With Mina leaning in with excitement, Momo relented with a sigh. "We'll settle this diplomatically. I'll ask the other girls what they want to do. If they agree with you, I'll go along. I'm not exactly opposed to the idea..."

Satisfied in her victory, Mina cupped her hands around her mouth to amplify her voice, taking a deep breath to shout for her female classmates. Unfortunately, just as she leaned forward to yell, she was interrupted by a violent shaking of the ground beneath her feet, nearly causing her to lose her footing. "Ugh, now of all times?"

"Sounds like more of those creatures," Momo concluded, pulling a harpoon from the palm of her left hand. "You're just going to have to hold it."

"Y-yeah." Momo ran off, prepped for battle as everyone else was, leaving Mina alone. "Damn, I really needed that now," she groaned, bubbling up acid on her hands. "These dirt monsters better know enough to get out of my way." She rushed from her hiding place, ready to face the danger, while somehow simultaneously not straining herself too hard. If such a balance was even possible, she'd soon find out.

###

Punches, engine-charged kicks, explosions, elemental blasts, weapons, tapes and grapes, all manner of attacks were being thrown at the newest onslaught of monsters. Yet, somehow, the reserves never seemed to end, more just kept sprouting from the earth. Somewhere, off in the distance, Pixie Bob must have known how strained the students were, and cranked up the difficulty for kicks.

Mina could only hope that didn't extend to her special strain. She had to pee before, but now? Worst she ever needed to go, no doubt. Her lifestyle didn't often result in desperation, scheduled and in locations where bathrooms were easily accessible, but she still had her share of incidents to give her appropriate context.

And constantly expelling moisture by throwing acid to soften the monster's rock-hard defenses was doing her no good. She had heard sweat helped stave off a filling bladder, but the same principle wasn't applying. It must have been too late, she figured. The image of flowing personal liquid was also doing her constitution no good; in fact, it was destroying her on the inside. There was only one orifice her fluids would be escaping her body through, an unspeakable one. And it would do so soon, whether she wanted it or, more likely, not.

For now, she just needed to survive. Not just the fights, she wasn't too concerned about being killed in a training exercise; though, on further retrospection, maybe she should be. No, the real threat was the agonizing sensation of her bladder burning a hole in her abdomen, more effectively than her own acid ever could (maybe because she was immune to her acid). There was a very clear timer over her head now, though the count was unknown, before her body simply ran out of strength to resist the temptation of emptying her bladder straight into her black uniform skirt.

And all the jumping and flinging acid was testing her limits. With every movement, the volume of liquid contents sloshed around her insides, hitting each edge of her bladder with the full force of its weight, stretching the poor thing out and repeatedly staggering Mina to a standstill, leveraging all her energy into holding instead of fighting, leaving everyone else to pick up her slack.

However, even that time was coming to a close. As she continued to fill, the amount of room her urine had to move around was shrinking, instead becoming a solid mass of a bloated bladder, which was no easier to maintain or control. No, all that accomplished was pushing her further past the edge, where she was afraid of how this ordeal would end for her.

She wasn't the only one, either. Any time she caught a glance at a classmate's face, they looked worried, concerned, stressed. Truthfully, everything about the moment lent itself to the emotion splayed across everyone's visage, but to the desperate Mina, whose thoughts were utterly swamped with images of peeing, she could only think of one possibility for the dourness. "I knew it. They all need to whiz bad." After every hour that had passed them by since their departure from UA's grounds, the last place they had access to a functional bathroom, no one could blame them.

Bubbling below the surface, it was about to overflow. Not Mina's pee, the tension. A closely related tension. Midoriya delivered a powerful punch, breaking the final earth monster into large, inanimate chunks, yet his arm remained extended. It was almost like he was frozen by Shinso's Quirk again, with the same strain needed to break free. The only difference was the actions he took upon being able to move again: his right arm, hand still clenched in a fist, slammed tightly into the crotch of his pants, his face keeping the same expression of determined fear it tended to carry in any stressful situation.

An awkward sight that did wonders in reminding everyone else suffering through the same predicament how worrisome their own states were, the only one with the drive to move was Iida, rushing to Midoriya's aid, while also shouting orders to the rest of the class. "Everyone, break! Men over this way, women over there!" He guided Midoriya past a thicket of trees in the direction he had indicated, and the rest of the male class members followed, at their own varied paces, some struggling more than others.

"Poor Deku," Ochako lamented, squeezing her own legs together.

"At least he gave us a break of our own," Mina offered, one-upping Ochako by really grabbing beneath her skirt. "Any objections this time, Momo?"

"I still don't like it, but..." Momo looked over her friends, all in various throes of need (though she needed to use some imagination for Toru). It was clear that denying them now would be cruel. "We don't have a choice, do we? Oh, I'd really rather avoid doing this out in the open again."

"And I'd rather avoid another accident!" Ochako tugged on the front of her skirt, bouncing on her toes. "Can we please hurry?"

"Ribbit," Tsuyu concurred, hopping in the exact opposite direction the boys wandered off in. The other girls followed the frog's lead, their movements all stiff and rigid, but satisfied in the knowledge their suffering would be over as soon as they found a thick grove of satisfactory cover.

Cover that they weren't finding. "Is it just me, or did the boys take the good side with all the hiding places," Kyoka complained.

"I'm starting to think a hiding place isn't mandatory," Toru added. It was difficult to tell what she was doing, but the way her skirt lifted and exposed her floating panties definitely seemed to indicate she was at the stage where she needed to hold herself.

"Well, that's because you've got nothing to lose." Mina shifted her center of balance, pressing her legs closer together. "Though, to tell the truth, I can empathize with that idea."

"Please," Momo pleaded, "Please don't tempt me. If I have to disgrace myself, I at least want to be out of sight this time." Suddenly, a look of horror washed over her face, and she froze in place. "You don't think there are cameras to monitor how we handle this test, do you?!"

"If there are, at least we're not the only ones taking a leak now," Kyoka comforted with all the grace of her heavy metal music. "Listen, if you're going to be too ashamed to do this, then leave. But I'm not stopping until I'm empty."

"I'm just as scared as you, Momo, but...I need this. It was bad enough that a hero pees herself once, but twice? I wouldn't be able to live with myself if that happened again." A second hand snaked its way up Ochako's skirt, tensing tightly to provide physical impediment, for the sweet few extra seconds of dryness, or maybe relative dryness, it would provide.

With all the girls eagerly jumping on the chance to distract themselves through conversation, they very nearly missed the giant obstacle in their path, Mina almost crashing into it, stopping only inches away when she caught its presence out of the corner of her eye. "Aagh!" And her recoil away almost knocked over Toru.

Only once she had taken a step back did she realize what the giant, stationary object she almost walked into was: a gray boulder, twice as tall and three times as wide as any of the girls standing before it. "That...that one's not going to come alive, is it," Momo worried.

"Wrong color, ribbit."

"Hardly matters, it's a giant wall practically gift-wrapped for us!" Excited, but muscles still tensed, Mina almost skipped around the edge of the boulder, ready to whip her underwear down and let that healthy stream flow. Unfortunately, it was not meant to be, as she soon discovered as the opposite end of the rock entered view. Instead of being a flat edge, or even a slightly curved one, it ended on a sheer point top to bottom, like a perfectly even teardrop shape, the walls making up the angle steep enough to still be easily visible from the opposite end. It didn't take a genius to figure out the undesirable implications of that. "Hey, you cool with it not actually being good cover?"

"That's...not exactly ideal," Momo lamented, looking back the way they came and, by extension, the direction the boys were located in. "I don't exactly trust them to not peek if we give them the opportunity."

"Come on, Deku wouldn't do something like that. Yet..." No one doubted Ochako's defense of Midoriya's moral character, each of them feeling the same about someone else. Iida, Todoroki, Tokoyami, a lot of the boys would probably respect their privacy, something that would normally be a reassuring thought. If only it wasn't for the one name that sank their hearts and sent the chill of fear up their spines: Mineta. He was the type that would absolutely spy on them, and just their luck, he had "used the bathroom" most recently, and would therefore not need the same break for himself. He wouldn't be able to sneak behind them, but from the direction they came, anything went.

Attempting to find a solution, Mina looked back at the opposite end of the boulder, inspecting its shape and what could be done with it. "I think we could manage one at a time. And I call dibs!" The other girls groaned and shifted, causing Mina to sigh and relent. "Fine, one of you can go first, but I call second!"

"I...I don't think we can handle one at a time," Ochako sheepishly admitted.

Momo was also having doubts. "Nor is searching for another location much of an option, if only to avoid being separated from the group."

Mina shrugged. "Well, I don't know what to tell you. It's either one at a time or do it out in the open."

Kyoka leaned in close to Momo. "So, how bad is it knowing someone's seen you piss? Need to weigh my options."

"Worst experience of my life," Momo honestly answered. "It's better to wet yourself."

"Damn. That's really not the reassurance I needed." Kyoka crossed her legs and bounced in place. "Should I just do it?"

"Why did the boulder have to be shaped like that," Toru almost cried.

"Yeah, if only it was flatter on that end..." Mina's voice trailed off into a whisper towards the end of the sentence, as an idea sparked in her head. Maybe she wasn't the smartest kid in class, but she had moments of cleverness. "And I think some acid is the answer."

"Oh, dissolving the point to make a flat surface! That's good," Ochako praised. "But, is it going to dissolve the ground when it drips down?"

"Nope! I won't make it super-strong, so it'll be neutralized by the time it reaches the ground. Just watch your shoes."

"Can you control the acidity in your desperation," Tsuyu questioned.

"Sure, that's second nature to me! I'd be splashing acid against my butt every time I used the bathroom if I couldn't turn it down. I know I'm immune, but the bottom of the toilet seat isn't."

"But can you wait long enough to even melt the boulder?" Without another word, Momo just pointed towards Mina's lower body, confusing Mina and causing her to look down at her own legs. She didn't even notice in excitement, but they were shivering, crossed, legs pressed tightly together, a clear sign she had minutes at best. And just to rub it in, like she had only just realized she needed to pee really badly, a bead of yellow snaked down her inner thigh, contrasting against her pink skin. It was a harbinger of a flood soon to come, one she could only delay for so long with her right hand shoved into her crotch.

However, she wouldn't be a hero if she couldn't turn a disadvantage into opportunity. "N-no problem!" She had a plan, just one that required a little more setup than she would have liked. First, while keeping her legs crossed, she used her feet to slip her shoes off, needing a second and third pass to remove her socks, requiring delicate precision and grip with her toes through the opposite sock. Her bare feet against the forest dirt wasn't exactly the most comfortable sensation, but so long as there weren't any thorny branches, it was a necessary step for what she had in mind.

And her feet weren't the only part of her body that needed to be stripped. Reaching over to her left side with a free hand, she pulled down the zipper of her skirt, loosening it enough to become a victim of gravity, though she needed to quickly let go of her crotch to allow it to fall past her arm. She shoved it right back in as soon as the path as free.

While the girls observing were confused why Mina needed to expose her feet, taking off her skirt was the last straw, for Momo at least. "What are you doing?!"

"Sorry, but this is kind of necessary." Because she didn't think things through a second ago, she needed to immediately let go of her crotch again, this time to pull down her white, only mildly stained panties, and again clamped her privates like a vice as soon as it was in the open air. One leg, then the other was raised to withdraw her feet through the holes, and she bent down into a close squat, a very uncomfortable proposition at the moment, to pick her underwear up, dropping them on the skirt lazily laid on the ground. "Make sure nothing happens to my clothes." With that instruction, she retreated behind the boulder, situating herself less than a foot away from the apex of the point.

Positioning became Mina's next, but final, challenge. After all, simply squatting would lead to only the bottom of the boulder dissolving, which would at best accomplish nothing and at worst destroy the stable balance of the rock. No, she needed extra height, in a way usually inaccessible to women. She jutted her hips forward while being careful to not disturb her own footing, using the right hand that had been previously occupied holding her crotch to instead spread her little Pinky.

It wasn't a position she was as comfortable with as sitting or squatting, but Mina needed to go bad. Without her palm pressed against her peehole, her body just took the initiative and let go of its own will, like a faucet suddenly being turned as far as the knob would rotate. While a small offshoot simply fell between her legs, the majority manifested as a thick white stream jetting from her genitals, colliding with the corner of the stone two feet above ground, resulting in backspray of multiple natures. Most expected was the spray of urine launching in every direction as a result of both the impact force and the sharp point of collision. Good thing she was totally nude below the waist, or there'd be soaking going on.

The second kind of spray manifested a second later, as steam emanated from the strike zone, far heavier than a simple indicator of difference in temperature between hot urine and cool air. There was something else occurring, as evident by the thick sludge dripping down from the collision point. While the primary usage of her Quirk was producing acid from her body, she could also use it to convert the bodily fluids she secreted into acid. Ordinarily, this was not helpful, as it would turn her sweat into acid during a heated fight and subsequently dissolve her clothes, but in very specific instances such as this, it was killing two birds with one stone. A stone she was melting to smooth out the sharp edge while simultaneously relieving her poor, full bladder.

It was a release she desperately needed, and it felt damn good to piss it all away. "Ooohhhh...hhaaaaahhhhhh....mmmphhhhh!" She began panting as she sighed and moaned in ecstasy, basking in the relief as her water-balloon bladder shrunk as its contents escaped her in a raging, corrosive torrent. While a hissing was already a sign of a good pee, involving acid only made the noise more assaulting. And, while she was mostly immune to her own acidic properties, the sensitive nature of her genitals allowed her to feel an extra tingling sensation at the orifice of exit, further accentuating the bliss.

As the puddle by her feet grew with more of the viscous liquid reaching the ground, expanding the pool's reach, Mina was happy to see that her assumptions were correct. While the acid did slightly dissolve the dirt, deepening the puddle, the chemical composition of the soil, added with the bits of boulder now mixed in, neutralized the acidic properties, turning it into nothing more than a thick fluid. One she wouldn't recommend stepping in, but it wouldn't cause any harm to the ecosystem, nor cause any unstable ground for the five girls that would be squatting here in a few minute's time.

Though, that estimate may have been too long a wait, as Mina heard the light impact of one of her friends punching their side of the boulder, the stone too thick to create an echo. "How much longer are you going to be," Ochako called. "I...I'm starting to leak!"

"Well, I'd say..." Mina did some quick math, not really her forte, only able to come up with a very rough estimate. "I'll be another minute, and then it'll probably take another minute to melt down the rest that I'm not hitting! Is that fast enough?"

"It'll have to be." Momo didn't sound so sure, but there wasn't much she could do as nothing more than an about-to-explode observer.

Still, Mina tried to be considerate by speeding herself up. She was already being loud, both from her pee and her moans, a little more wouldn't cause much damage. Clenching her abdomen muscles, she squeezed her pee out as hard as she could manage, doubling the spray in all directions, and the sizzle of the boulder dissolution turned deafening. If the rest of the girls had any objections, she wouldn't be hearing them anymore.

While the piss turned harsh, it didn't take long for the increase in volume output to squeeze her dry. The waterfall declined into more of a water gun, losing power until it had nowhere to go but straight down, soon stopping completely, save for a few drops she did her best to shake off. "Phew...that was probably the worst I've ever needed to go," she was all-too-happy to exclaim, proud of her handiwork. She reached down to pick up a nearby leaf to wipe herself dry, watching the piece of foliage burn up once it had completed its duty. Cleaned up after her little excursion, all that was left to focus on was how well she had accomplished her task. While she had indeed softened the corner, the dent she had made wasn't exactly deep. It could safely obscure maybe two girls, three if they weren't picky about personal space, it would need a little more "artistic touch" to get it where it needed to be for this specific purpose.

Extending her arms, fingers spread out to expose her palms, two sprays of acid shot from her hands onto the boulder, the same color and consistency of her previous urine but ten times larger. Because of this, dissolution occurred much faster, melting the stone higher up in a matter of second, removing nearly a yard of rock mass in only that minute estimate. Stopping her acid hoses, she waited for the steam to dissipate, and the grime to slide down before calling it satisfactory. "There, that should do it."

Covering her crotch, she left her makeshift ladies room behind for the other girls to have a turn. "You're all set, go for it and let nature run wild!"

No sooner did she declare the availability did all five girls rush past her, nearly knocking her over in their haste. Only Kyoka had anything to say, "Five more seconds and I would have just gone for it where I was standing!" After that, once they had all disappeared out of sight, and Mina's ears were suddenly filled with all the rustling of clothes being practically ripped off, and soon enough, all replaced and drowned out by splashing water and sighing girls. Who the sighs belonged to was difficult to tell, with all the changes in pitch making it impossible to identify by voice alone.

Still, while they stripped down, Mina needed to put her clothes back on, finding them right where she left them. Without any need to hold herself, slipping her panties back on was a lot quicker and easier, same with the skirt. Her feet needed some wiping off, but some lingering dirt wasn't going to ruin her black socks. And with her shoes back on, it was almost like she didn't just whiz on a rock. Aside from how immensely better she felt.

Now she had nothing to do but wait, and sort of keep an eye out for any peeping Minetas. It was kind of difficult not to feel some of the second-hand embarrassment from the moans of her friends only a few feet away. She'd feel the second-hand relief too, if she wasn't still taken by her own first-hand relief. "Yeah, this was worth it." She had just done some serious good for her fellow heroes, in a time they'd never outwardly ask for help, and only had mildly soaked underwear to offset it.

Whizzing seemed to take a lot less time when she wasn't the one doing it. The splashing of water lowered in intensity as everyone's bladder emptied, and they began struggling with a different problem. "Hey, anyone have any leaves near them," Kyoka asked.

"None here," Tsuyu informed.

"I don't have any either. Oh, are we not going to be able to wipe?" Toru sounded pretty scared about such a simple concern.

"Relax, I'll make some toilet paper. And a bag to store them in, of course! We can't be littering!" Of course Momo was the one worried about that.

Still, Mina thought it was a funny application of a Quirk. "That's the way, Momo! Use our Quirks for the toilet!"

"Better than my bathroom Quirk incidents," Ochako lamented. "I used to accidentally make the roll of toilet paper float away when I tried to grab it when I was little. Oh, hand me the bag, I'll put my paper away."

Things were pretty quiet for a little while following that, as the girls presumably dried themselves off and suitably cleaned themselves up. There was another round of clothing rustling, and the five exited their hiding place in close to single file. "Are you all good now," Mina asked. "No worries about an accident anymore?"

"Last I checked, you were the one begging me to help you not wet yourself," Momo informed.

"Well, it's all behind us now. We should probably get back to the group, before the boys come looking for us."

"Yeah. Oh, I hope Deku didn't wet himself." Of course that's what Ochako was worried about.

"He's probably fine," Kyoka comforted. "He's damn good at surprising us with his ability."

Tsuyu put an arm around Ochako's shoulder. "I'm sure he's fine. Ribbit."

Before they could even take a step, there was the sound of an explosion, followed shortly by a tree toppling over. The girls looked between each other in stunned silence, knowing what that meant. "Damn, the guys ran into trouble without us!" Kyoka ran off first, in the direction of the carnage.

It didn't take long for the other five to hurry after her. True, none of them exactly wanted to get into a fight, but they didn't exactly want to leave their class alone in the danger. And, refreshed with empty bladders, there was no doubt they'd be a much greater asset to the cause. Mina in particular was looking forward to how much liquid she'd be spraying from her body this time, the much less private kind of liquid.

*016*2018-07-29 03:02

{{20 minutes ago, PPP said:

"Her little Pinky."

That has to be the worst pun/innuendo I've ever heard.

I love it!

}}

I’m glad someone finally noticed!
