Nevaeh Let It Out (Eiyuden Chronicle: Rising)

Author: Captain L

*000*2022-06-22 23:14

"Hey Garoo, wait here a sec. Got a clam that needs draining, if you catch the drift!"

He should have been caught off-guard by such a blunt declaration, but the kangaroo beastkin could only sigh exasperatedly, too used to this sort of behavior. Not from his many years of mercenary work and the countless experiences that brought with it, but all from this short time he had known CJ. The teenage scavenger had come to New Nevaeh not long ago in search of massive treasure, and thanks to situations he couldn't really say no to, the two had been teamed up. In that time, he had found her to be relentlessly optimistic, way too quick to offer aid to others, and just about the mirror opposite of ladylike. "Oi, you really weren't kidding about how shameless you were," Garoo groaned, sheathing his massive sword in the tiny magic pouch around his waist.

"Like I said, a scavenger leaves their shame at the door, 'cause they'll be carrying too much treasure to weigh them down already!" With a grin devoid of any embarrassment, CJ wandered off the set path, pushing aside the foliage until she was halfway hidden by bushes and vines, at which point she suddenly turned back to the group. "You should come with, Isha."

"H-huh?!" However, having not been part of the team as long, Isha was shocked by CJ's request. "Can you not do it yourself?!"

"Just hurry up and get over here!" And without waiting, she retreated further into nature, quickly obscured by all the greenery, leaving acting mayor Isha little choice but to comply with the unusual offer, getting her flowing white dress and long azure hair caught in branches and shrubbery as she tried her best to curve around all the worst stuff.

It was when they had wandered just out of earshot and clear line of sight, though still half as far as Isha would prefer for this kind of thing, that CJ suddenly came to a total stop. She didn't even hesitate, look around, take any precautions before putting her climbing axes down and throwing her red shorts to her knees. She didn't even give Isha a chance to look away before immediately following it up by hooking her fingers around the elastic waistband of her plain black panties, sending them to join her shorts down below. CJ was facing away from Isha, meaning she only flashed her shapely rear in that direction, but that was still more of the scavenger than she needed to see. Isha, with a radiant blush igniting her cheeks, raised an arm to hastily cover her eyes. "C-could you not wait a moment longer?"

It seemed she got her answer before the last note exited her lips, as her ears were met with the sound of a trickling stream, crackling as it splashed against a pile of dry leaves gathered on the ground. She couldn't have picked a much louder place to drop a pee, not without having to go far worse than she currently did. It clearly didn't have much power, but that didn't stop CJ from expressing satisfaction with her release. "Ahhh..."

Really? Mmgh... Not that Isha was uncomfortable with the act of urination; people had needs. She wasn't even necessarily upset with CJ's public urination; there were dozens of adventurers exploring New Nevaeh's Runebarrows, she wasn't naive enough to assume every one of them held it until they got back. Actually, even if they did get back to town, that wouldn't save a desperate treasure hunter. With nothing more than tents as shelter on Outlander Lane, Isha had seen many puddles, some in the process of being created, when she looked in on the scavengers from time to time. The acting mayor of a town under those circumstances couldn't be grossed out simply by nature's call. If anything, doing so in the Great Forest was the best possible place to do it if "somewhere civilized" was off the table.

No, her problem was strictly proximity. Just because Isha peed too didn't mean she was comfortable with being so close to someone else in the act. Even turned away, she couldn't just pretend it wasn't happening, she could only do her best to ignore it, instead focusing on the birds in the trees above as she used one hand to awkwardly rub her upper arm on the opposite side. Though it soon became evident, nothing short of an earthquake could allow her to overlook the gentle river of dubious origin ringing in her ears. She just had to grit her teeth and bear with it. Has she been going for an exceptionally long time, or does it just feel that way?

Well, regardless of the true duration, the splashing calmed down shortly after, brought to a finale with one punctuating sigh from CJ. "Phew... Ah, good to have that done and over with." Not that Isha could see anything, but judging by the sound of rustling clothing, the scavenger was in the process of putting her panties and shorts back on. In fact, that sound had begun so quickly, Isha could only come to one conclusion: She almost certainly didn't wipe. It was probably a good thing neither was privy to the other's expression, because Isha couldn't hold back a small grimace of disgust at the thought.

Thankfully for her, being the acting mayor of a popular and troubled town, Isha was skilled enough to not let negative emotion be evident by the time CJ jumped in front of her, with a proud smile bridging her features. "Alright, I'm all done now!"

"Yes, I should hope so, if you're showing yourself to me. Now, would you care to explain why it was so imperative that I join you? Would you have been too afraid otherwise?"

CJ laughed, louder than was needed for someone barely a foot away. "It wasn't for me, Isha!"

"Really? Then who did this benefit?"

"Oh, come on! You really think I haven't been noticing all the squirming and shifting you've been doing under that dress?"

"Ah..." No further words passed Isha's lips, but a choice phrase came to mind: She could tell?! It obviously wasn't something she wanted to bring up, but it was true. Between her duties to New Nevaeh and her new work with CJ and Garoo, Isha had been kept pretty busy, leaving her little time for "less essential" tasks. Not as many papers signed, less-than-daily bathing, and, most distracting at the moment, longer spans of time between visits to the toilet. Midday was fast approaching, and a desire to get an early start meant her usual morning pee was skipped. That had come back to bite her, and the verbal reminder was doing her no favors in that department.

No, it isn't that bad. I'm sure we'll be done before long, and then I can make a quick stop in the town office. There won't be an issue. "So you figured you would give me cover? Well, I appreciate the thought, but I'll be quite alright for the time."

"Cover? Nah, I figured you'd need a lesson."

Isha was an intelligent woman, but try as she might, she couldn't fathom what CJ meant by that. "What kind of 'lesson'?"

"It's a real useful skill for girls to be able to pop a squat and pee outdoors, you know! I mean, I use it all the time!"

Though capable of using fire magic, Isha had never felt her body grow hotter than at this moment. "I-I-I'm perfectly capable of that, thank you very much!"

That seemed to surprise CJ. "Really? I just kinda figured a hoity-toity girl like you wouldn't know anything other than a clean toilet."

"Well..." This whole conversation had been uncomfortable, but now Isha could scarcely look CJ in the eye. "You see, in a town as wrought with turmoil as ours, the plumbing can't always be counted on to work."

"Ah, gotcha. Well, if you know what to do, you should get on with it. Way better to just take a whiz so it can't distract you."

Isha looked at the pile of glistening, dripping leaves, feeling her heart sink as the particulars of that act flashed by her. I'd have to be fit to burst before I expose my undergarments in public like this...and be twice as bad for anything below them! Yes, I'm sure our excursion into the forest won't last. "I'll be quite fine, thank you very much."

"You sure? You don't wanna go wetting your pa-"

"I said I'd be fine," Isha interrupted, extremely hastily and tersely. Even she seemed to realize that her outburst was uncalled for, judging by the way CJ recoiled from the sound of her voice, given that she pretty quickly backed down. "My apologies, it's just...please don't remind me. I can handle this, so you don't need to embarrass me by bringing it up."

CJ shrugged. "Alright, if you insist. But I'm not slowing down for you! That humongous rune lens is going to be mine!" Reaching down to the ground, she picked up her climbing axes and ran back to the trail where they left their third member. Isha could tell when the two had met up once more, thanks to the loud declaration that echoed between the trees soon after. "Damn, now everything's gone and started sticking to my junk! Do guys ever have to worry about crap like that?"

Not wanting to be alone out in the monster-filled wilderness, Isha started back, but turned one more time to the scavenger's mess. At this point, it appeared as nothing more than a sparkling sheen, but when she was all too aware of how it got there, she couldn't divorce the images in her mind. "Nnph..." Completely unintentionally, totally unthinking, her legs found themselves sliding closer together, until her slender thighs were pressed one against the other, squeezing her private parts between in the process with a weak grip. Yet, even as she did it, she knew it wouldn't do her much good. She really needed a nice pee.

"No, don't even think about that," Isha reprimanded, shaking her head to dislodge those ideas as she forced her feet shoulder-width apart. With fists balled at her sides, she took a deep breath, steeled herself, and began the involved process of stepping over all the roots and around all the shrubbery on her way back. And every step was deliberate, careful, as gentle as could be to avoid any jostling.

By the time she got back, she was greeted with CJ's usual chipper attitude, and Garoo with his head in his hand. "Please," the beastkin begged, "please teach this brat some ladylike behavior."

Isha shrugged. "I know a lost cause when I see one."

The three got started walking deeper into the forest, CJ leading the pack, physically and in conversation. "Come on, have you ever heard of a scavenger be some snooty princess type?"

Garoo barked back, an odd sight for a kangaroo."I ain't askin' for that! I'm just askin' for someone who's been 'toilet trained since one-and-a-half' to have some slight decency on the subject!"

It took a second for the concept to truly bloom inside her head, but once it had, Isha stopped dead in her tracks in total bewilderment. "Why do you know when CJ was toilet trained, Garoo?"

He didn't even slow down. "Yeah, why do I know?! You wanna tell her why I would know something stupid like that, kid?!"

"Heh heh," CJ chuckled, not giving any further elaboration than that.

What sort of people have I gotten myself involved with? "Never mind. Why did we come out to the Great Forest, again?"

"Uhh..." CJ's voice trailed off until she was completely silent, something that continued for quite some time afterwards.

And Isha felt she knew the reason why. "Let me guess: you can't remember which person you agreed to help?"

"Listen, we help a lot of people! I can't be expected to remember them all!"

"You wanna take that as a sign that maybe you should cool it on hearing out every bum who needs a favor," Garoo grumbled.

"Hey, I gotta get those stamps! Right, acting mayor? Ah, I'm sure I'll remember when I see it!"

So we're going to be here for quite some time, I take it. Isha felt her bladder grow heavier at the mere suggestion. I suppose I'm in for quite the trial.

###

"Aha, there's some...no, that's just more huge ore. Not high-purity enough." No, they weren't mining for ore in the forest. They had finished that job, and been on their way to report it when CJ noticed somebody on Second Street that seemed to have something on their mind. And, no matter how much Isha mentally screamed for her to let it be for a moment, CJ just had to listen to their woes and, without a moment to consider it, immediately offered to help. Thus, here they were in the quarry.

And Isha still needed to pee. Really badly. She couldn't work up the courage to put her foot down and say a break was mandatory while they were in New Nevaeh proper, and now it was too late. She knew plenty well that there was not a restroom, not even some slapdash outhouse put together by the outlanders, down her in the quarries. So what do I do? This is ridiculous!

"This is ridiculous!" Garoo was just as impatient, so maybe he was on the same wavelength as Isha. That's...something I never wish to picture again. "I know this is comin' from a merc, but why do ya have to take a job from everybody?!"

"Because they give me stamps! Gotta do 'em all," chipper CJ replied, like it was the most obvious reason to go out of one's way. "Isn't that the reason you came up with it, Isha?"

I am going to abolish that damn system! Yes, it was the fault of her own procedure for getting explorers to do good for the town. It was ironically that which brought her to where she stood now: in the dark, humid underground caves, ready to cry from how badly she needed to go. Every step forward she took was short and stiff, for her legs were practically glued together at the hip joints, squeezing the folds of her womanhood shut to wall off all the holes down there. If she didn't, it would be only a matter of time before her white dress turned half-yellow.

Her underwear was already at that point, thanks to a series of many brief startles and scares, upon which the choking grip in her swimsuit area loosened, resulting in a warm spurt. This had unfolded approximately a dozen times by now, resulting in not just damp panties, but a few dribbles, liberated from the thin fabric wall keeping them captive, crept down her legs until they reached her shoes. To be fair, at least some of it was sweat, not just from the actual heat of the pent-up urine continuously boiling under her body temperature, but the strain applied everywhere besides her abdominal area, an effort necessary to prevent immediate soaking. Her legs shook, her hands turned clammy, her modest chest heaved, and her face gleamed with perspiration and burned a labored red. I know they're unrefined, but CJ and Garoo aren't stupid. If either of them looks back here, they'll have to notice. So I should just rip the bandage off and-

"Damn, got a big guy ahead," Garoo warned, as he slung his massive sword over his shoulder. "Stay back." The mercenary hopped ahead of the pack, preemptively readying the blade to hit hard.

Okay, it's just CJ. It should be much easier to confess under those circumstances. I just need my voice to obey... Perhaps as a side effect of her continuous efforts to stifle the many squeals and grunts that came from fighting against herself so fiercely, no sound would escape her lips, even if she wanted it. "C-C-CJ, I-I need-"

"Need to take a crazy massive piss? Yeah, trust me, everybody from here to the empire could tell, with how much you've been dancing around."

"A-a-and you didn't think to t-tell me I've been humiliating myself all this time?!" No longer with anything to hide, Isha's hands flew straight into her groin. It was done with such speed and force that, when contact between the two was made, the excess fluids in her underwear were shaken loose, lightly saturating the material of her dress. She knew this because she immediately felt the wetness on her tensed palm. And even more, as another spurt jetted from her privates, soaking straight through the two garments, dribbling between her trembling, white-knuckled fingers.

"I figured if I brought it up, you'd go all crazy about 'I can hold it as long as necessary, I will wait to find a proper latrine' or something like that." She didn't need to, but CJ had to throw in her best impression of the acting mayor, meaning it was done with pursed lips, an exaggerated accent, she even stood like there was a stick shoved up her butt. Frankly, Isha would have found it insulting, if the basic content wasn't fairly accurate. Though the way CJ looked her all over immediately afterwards did make her feel somewhat violated. "I take it you won't be talking that way now, though."

I really, really don't want to...but I suppose I have little choice. "Please...please help me, CJ." The way she bent forward, hands buried in her crotch, knees overlapping, as she shook, sweat, and sobbed; she looked downright sad and pitiful. Her breathing was ragged, her bottom lip quivered, and even in the limited light of the mines, one could catch a glimpse of something shiny roll down her ankle if they paid attention.

And to her credit, CJ didn't hesitate. "You got it! But we'll need to ask fast if you want to be done by the time Garoo gets back. So get to dropping trou!"

Though she did not let go of herself, Isha recoiled back at the nonchalant way that request was made. "J-j-just like that?! You won't even t-take me to find cover?!"

"The quarry's not much more than a buncha tunnels. Not much for cover, unless you're up for going way out of our way to hide in some side path. And it doesn't look like you could manage that, given...you know, circumstances." She gestured broadly around Isha's frame, but it didn't really matter what she drew attention to, when every inch of her body looked ready to burst wide open.

The urgency of the situation was certainly not lost on Isha. She really wanted to pee right now, but she still had some decency. CJ was right, she'd be half-submerged in warm bodily fluids before they found a little cubbyhole for her to do her business in, but her sense of dignity wouldn't allow her to just publicly expose herself for Garoo, or worse yet, any other random adventurer, to witness. As such, her head whipped around, repositioning her feet to rotate and look in every direction around her, in the hopes of finding somewhere she could squat. Somewhere, anywhere! I'll take a tiny box, if it's big enough to cover my flower!

That was when she saw it, behind them: a lone rock laying near the wall, at least large enough that a woman of Isha's slender physique could hide her lower half behind were she crouched low to the ground. That was her sole unit of measurement at the moment, and if it passed that test, it was enough. "A-avert your eyes!" Pee pee pee pee pee pee! Though her walk was stilted and trudging, she hobbled over to the small boulder, putting the stone between her and CJ.

She only just barely waddled behind the slab before getting to work, though not without some trepidation. After all, she'd have to lift her dress first, but that would only be possible if she removed her hands prior. But if she pulled her hands from her crotch, she'd leak even further than she already had. But if she didn't get moving on undressing right now, she'd wet herself soon enough anyway. Please...just stay strong for a moment! Even with the present danger, Isha's mind was made up, set on this task.

But she had to work quickly. Popping her wrists out from their tight confines between her thighs, Isha bent forward, as far as she could without squishing her protruding bladder against her pelvis, to reach down to around her knees and grip the thin skirt in her moist palms. Balling the fabric up, she hoisted the whole thing upwards as her spine straightened out like a spring, lifting the front of her dress and flashing her darkened panties, glistening under the orange light of the wall-mounted lanterns. Not that they needed any help to appear yellowish.

Truthfully, she wanted to get them off, not just because they were pretty disgusting, but for other cleanliness reasons; when squatting, Isha preferred to take her underwear off completely, to account for any possible poor aim. Such a precaution would be even more beneficial now, when her power was sure to be unsteady, yet ironically, she lacked the time for such a safeguard. By the time she could have even thought any of this, she had already slid her white, lacy undergarments down past her protruding butt, and really driven home how dire her situation was, as a high-velocity spurt of urine pierced her defenses and rocketed out the instant the hole was uncovered. "Wah!" A second spurt soon followed, splashing on the hard rock floor right behind her heels, and it became crystal clear that there would be no point in trying to hold it back. Just need to go for it!

So, with not a moment to lose, Isha gulped, steeled herself, and shoved her panties to her ankles with the frenzy of a rabid monster, all the while hastily bending her knees and lowering her center of mass closer to the ground, thereby changing where the continuing pee surges landed. Finally, as her butt was close enough to the ground to feel the coolness radiating off it, with the proof she was a woman pointed forwards by the time she was ready. And it was already a fountainhead by that point. In fact, it had been dripping like a faulty spigot ever since she removed her underwear, though it had the courtesy to not escalate into a waterfall until she was in position.

But it did unquestionably reach that intensity. She had barely settled in before a golden spray doused the corner between her protective boulder and the adjacent tunnel wall, and with her huddled so far in, it hit a segment of the gap above the ground, seeping into the crack and cascading down both ends. It didn't matter too much, as in the end, it all dribbled down into the same expanding puddle. And that was without bringing mention to where most of it ended up: splashing back in a wide-angle shower. Being so hunched in the little nook, pretty much all of that landed on either her shins, her shoes, or god forbid, all the way back to her slit. Each drop of tinkle was minuscule, like a mist on an overcast day, it would be totally ignorable were it not for the rapid pace and strong coverage. And the warmth. Isha really, really needed to pee, it had ample time to begin boiling in her bladder.

The physical power wasn't the only detail that made the long wait evident; in actuality, it was but one sign. There was also the hard splattering sound of a heavy stream colliding with the immovable stone, underscored by unceasing hissing as it forcefully gushed from her nethers, droplets flying every which way. There was the pungent scent of stale urine wafting up. And though she had shoes on, there was the heat that invaded them and surrounded her feet.

Yet, if someone were to miss all those clues, Isha's body language would still say more than words ever could. Between her heavy breathing, pouring sweat, occasional shudders (that shook her torrent like a waving hose), and her mouth hung agape. Yet, all the sounds she herself made were panting. "Hah hah hah..." There was no power behind her voice, nothing but empty exhalations, now coming through clenched teeth, the pupils of her blue eyes shrunken and shaking, soon hidden behind drooping eyelids that quickly slid completely closed. Her sharp gasping continued, though she tried to steady herself by wrapping her arms around her knees and curling into an upright ball. One that had sprung quite the massive leak.

One arm uncurled from around her legs and laid its open palm on the ground to her side, for she needed all the support she could get. Not long after she had begun going, Isha began feeling light-headed, in the way she would while practicing and overexerting her magical powers. Sometimes, it felt as if the only thing keeping her conscious was her still-very-much-distended bladder burning a hole in her stomach. Even as its elasticity was no longer pushed so far, the shrinking tank meant it remained nearly as full, leaving the whole area just as irritatingly uncomfortable, no matter how much spilled out.

Pretty soon, Isha drooped her face between her knees, rubbing the tears from the corners of her eyes onto the skin of her thighs. Make no mistake, she had been tearing up while still holding thanks to the pain of holding itself, but it showed no signs of slowing. She'd just have to deal with the agony until she was done. Which...is going to be a while... Yes, her current position meant her face was closer to her pee stream, accentuating the scent and even getting a dribble or two splashing high enough to land on her cheek. I had to go...way too bad... I promise, poor body, I'll be more proactive about this in the future...

Of course, in order to reach that future, she first had to finish her current pee. Something that...actually seemed to be approaching, given the momentary pauses and sputters, not to mention a general reduction in strength. Were the side-to-side angle off, something that would be near impossible without an aimable shaft, she'd be peeing right on top of her foot. I must have blanked out for a spell there. Well, I suppose it's better that this be finished with soon. Still, there wasn't much she could do to hasten the process, Isha just had to wait it out.

As such, she was acutely aware when her urination was little more than trickles dribbling off the folds of her womanhood, and soon, not even that. Finally, it's ov-no, wait. A last desperate squirt escaped with some velocity, creating one final splash in the puddle, large, cloudy, and carrying all the loose dirt from everywhere the water reached. ...yes, now it's done. With a sigh of relief, the first relief she felt in this whole ordeal, Isha rolled the skirt of her dress down just far enough to reach one of her pockets, the one that held her handkerchief, and used the fine white cloth to delicately wipe her privates. "Mmph!" Ah, that was loud! Please tell me nobody heard that! Isha had a bit of an embarrassing tick, where her...sensitives were especially...sensitive.

Okay, that's enough! Once she had gotten at least moderately clean, the acting mayor shoved the cloth back in her pocket, began standing up, and just as quickly reached down to grip the waistband of her panties in her fists and yank them back up without a care. "Yah!" But she suddenly cared when her underwear cozied up to her privates, in all their warm and sopping glory. Something that elicited an immediate, instinctual flight reaction that violently straightened her elbows, throwing the stained underwear right back down, sliding straight down past her slightly-angled knees to come to a rest at her feet, the crotch in the middle weighed down and licking the ripples of her puddle.

"Ugh..." I really have to put those back on? Looking down at the end result of her massive piddle, Isha couldn't help but let her true thoughts show on her expression, now one of disgust. Given that her panties were heavily darkened, discolored, penetrated by bodily fluids between every strand of fabric, she couldn't be blamed for that reaction. She could technically forgo the undergarment, but... I'd feel so naked without underwear. But it's not like she would be comfortable with this specific pair on, so which would be preferable?

"...I suppose if we return to town promptly, I can bear with the feeling until then..." The skirt of her dress went all the way down to her ankles, so there was next to zero worry of giving somebody an inadvertent peek, it was simply the discomfort that would eat away at her. Taking a deep breath to steel her nerves, Isha lifted her right foot and pointed her toes towards the floor, allowing the appendage to slip through the leg hole of her panties, and repeated the same with her left foot. And then immediately realized her mistake. I should have lifted that foot and grabbed them first. Without that precaution, when the underwear slipped off her other foot, gravity took complete hold, resulting in the pair drifting down to the ground, floating in her puddle. What few patches that weren't already soaked with urine, now were.

"Ew..." Isha knew she couldn't just leave them here, lest some random scavenger stumble across the discarded panties of the acting mayor, but she also didn't want to touch them herself. She was so averse to the idea, several attempts to reach down were aborted before she even got halfway there. It was probably the fifth try before she actually bent over far enough to brush her fingertips against the drifting underwear. And it was only her fingertips, pinching the smallest possible surface area between her thumb and forefinger and nothing more, outstretched arm shaking as it lifted her smallclothes out of the pond, her head reeling back in revulsion as the ruined item drew close enough to smell. And finally, when she had stood up straight and dropped her dress, she could say she the deed was done.

Shame she couldn't do anything about the dripping panties she held away like it was poisonous. She didn't carry a bag of any sort, fearing it would be a target for pickpockets and lowlifes, so the only place she could put it without holding it out in the open would be her pocket. A place that would not only be very near to her body, she would be constantly aware of that thanks to the certain warmth and wetness seeping through to her leg as she walked.

...I'll need outside assistance. For what felt like the first time in forever, Isha looked back up to where she had left everybody. And the first thing she noticed was that Garoo had returned, and he was firmly looking away. Which meant he had either been filled in on what Isha was doing, or had figured it out for himself. So a man knows how I needed to degrade myself. He clearly wasn't the one she felt she could go to in her time of need. "Excuse me, CJ," she loudly whispered, not moving an inch from this small space where the rock covered her bottom half. Even with her dress down, she still felt exposed.

Somehow, despite the distance, CJ heard the plea and came to Isha's aid. "Yeah, what's up," she replied in hushed tones, as hushed as CJ could muster, looking over Isha top to bottom now that she had circled the perimeter of the boulder and could do so. "So what's the prob? Because if you're about to ask me to help you wipe..."

"Nothing of the sort," she exclaimed, far louder than was called for, resulting in her shout echoing far down the tunnels. Without thinking, she brought her hands up to cover her mouth, but given what one of them was holding, she stopped just short of shoving her underwear against her face. It was a late cutoff, unfortunately, meaning that her hands froze most of the way up her chest, and as such, her deeply yellowed panties swung out in the open, in plain view. It took her a moment to realize what she had so thoughtlessly presented; she didn't notice it herself, her first clue was seeing CJ stumble back in shock, and she worked backwards from there. It was only upon that dawning that her face began glowing a vibrant red, her pupils shrank, and she hastily threw both hands behind her back. Considering the limited strength of her grip, it was pretty lucky that her underpants were not dropped.

A sizable awkward pause followed. Isha's lips parted a few times, clearly intending to speak up, before just as quickly changing her mind and turning to silence once more. It was only once she had squeezed her eyelids closed that she found the courage, a light clearing of the throat serving as the sign that this would be the one. "A-a-as I'm sure you've n-noticed, I...soiled myself quite intensely. Given that I am l-lacking a bag to carry them, could I request...?" Even with her bravery in even broaching the topic, she couldn't bring herself to finish the question. She still felt the need to look down, twisting her foot nervously, making ripples and waves in the puddle she continued to stand in.

"I put 'em in my stowpack? Sure, I've still got room."

"A-are you sure? They really are q-quite saturated-"

"Isha, I put ore, pelts, and fresh meat in this baby at the same time. A bit of piss ain't gonna ruin anything."

"...very well." Still refusing to open her eyes, Isha slowly and shakily brought the hand holding her panties to her front, up to approximately bust height and at arm's length. She barely reached that before feeling her personal item be snatched away, and by the time she opened her eyes again, CJ was already fastening the clasp on her stowpack. No hesitation. Well, she has gloves, and she doesn't have to think about it once it's in her bag. There could be any sort of items in there. "I don't suppose you happen to have a spare set of underwear, would you?"

"Hm? Oh, nah. Can't say I ever ran into any reason to have more panties on me." Suddenly, the intent behind the question became clear to CJ, and her eyes widened as her lips curled up into a devilish grin. "Is it possible that our mayor is currently going commando? No, that can't be right, there's no way she could even be capable of that!"

"W-well...as loathe as I am to admit it, things down there are a bit drafty at the moment. That being the case, I must request that we waste no time in the quarry. I assume it would be too much to ask that we leave immediately?"

"Hey, I made a promise, I gotta finish that first! After that's done, we'll go back to town."

"You really do take your promises seriously, CJ."

"Sure I do! What else so we have in this world besides our name and reputation?"

Isha was flabbergasted, to put it lightly. "That's...quite an interesting way of looking at it, C-"

"And the person promised me a stamp. That's important."

"Oh...yes, of course." Truthfully, Isha felt a twinge of disappointment that CJ just had a burst of maturity, instead of real hidden depths. It sort of depressed her, enough that she lagged behind once they began moving back to regroup. Though, the time taken trudging gave her opportunity to think of something. "CJ, in case I forget... I don't have it on me, but if needed, remind me to give you a stamp myself for all...this. You've done enough for me to earn one. So thank you."

"Hey, we're friends, right? You don't have to promise a reward for a friend to do you a favor. Though, I won't turn down a stamp." That was the only part of the discussion Garoo heard, as the two reentered earshot. Or, rather, it would have been the end, if CJ didn't all of a sudden remember something else. "Actually, if you think this is worthy of a stamp, I should let ya in on something else."

"And what would that be?" Just the way CJ said it, with a cautious tone, Isha could already feel a pit of nervous anticipation and worry forming in her stomach.

"That rock you were hiding behind? Not as big as you'd have liked. Your ass was totally hanging out the whole time. We all saw it."

It was a lot to take in. It was so much, in fact, that Isha hardly even reacted. She just looked up at Garoo, looking for whatever he had to say about this, and only being met with the beastkin looking away, not even willing to make eye contact with his eyepatch-covered eye. "Uh...ya weren't back there for long, at least."

That pretty much confirmed it. "Y-yes, well..." Her face glowing red again, it was hard for the acting mayor to excuse her immodesty with any semblance of composure. "D-desperate times call for d-desperate measures, I'm sure you'd agree. 'Any port in a storm', I believe is the saying." I have no underwear on, there's urine dribbling down my leg, and others saw my bare rear end. And apparently I didn't even relieve myself for long? Am I just tiny? Ugh, I just want to be done for the day. She only had to bear with it for now, complete her due diligence for the people of New Nevaeh, and then she could take the time for herself. She deserved that much after today.

###

"CJ, truly, you don't need to do this," Isha pleaded.

But CJ's mind would not be changed. "Come on, we were in the area, someone asked for a little help, why not just get it done?"

Garoo rolled his eye. "No job is too small for ya to waste our time on, is it, kid?"

"Your help is appreciated," thanked mayoral assistant Adah as he emerged from the town office shack, carrying a load of white clothes in his arms. "I ask that you bring these to her home as soon as you can, so the lady can have some fresh garments to wear. I apologize that I have been unable to make time myself, things have been quite busy in your absence." Amidst all the other concerns of the townsfolk and outlanders, CJ had agreed to bring in Isha's laundry. Such was yet another day with the scavenger who didn't know how to just walk on by.

"It's quite alright, Adah. Though, CJ, I must agree with him, we should waste no more time on this than necess-" Isha had only looked away for a moment, towards the residential district where she lived, but when she returned her attention, CJ was already thumbing through the clothes. "Must you rifle through my personal belongings so brazenly?"

"You've certainly got a color, Isha." Not only did CJ find several copies of the same long white dress, nearly identical, but every other article of clothing the acting mayor seemingly owned was similarly pale. Every layer, outer shirt, sock, even every bra and pair of panties were either white or an extremely light color. So far, she had found underwear that was powder blue, barely pink, plain gray, in styles with and without lacy frills.

There was also one more similarity between the various sets of underwear, not on every one, but on enough to notice a pattern: some slight, old discoloration on several of the crotches. It was on enough pairs of panties that it couldn't be dismissed as a "one-time thing", and as for what "thing" exactly was happening more frequently, CJ had a guess. "Isha, do you-"

She didn't even get to any specifics in the question before Isha snatched the whole laundry pile away from her, holding it tight against her chest as she stared icicles through CJ. Yet even so, Isha's eyes wavered, hinting towards a deep embarrassment beneath the hostility. Otherwise, she would have had little reason to take the route she did. "I'll lower your Explorer's Tax to 25% if you promise to never breathe a word of this to anyone."

"Wow, you're willing to drop to 25%," CJ praised, crushed beneath the weight of sarcasm. "Great deal for keeping your deepest, darkest secret from listening ears! That's our ra-" She had barely gotten the first syllable out before Isha's glare turned cold, seriously hostile this time. That prompted CJ to back off. "Ra....ra....ra...pacious... Rapacious. Sorry, I couldn't think of another word."

