Crystal Clear Desperation (The Alliance Alive)

Author: Captain L

*000*2019-04-22 19:47

"Ugh...argh..." Rubbing his eyes with his elbow, Ignace struggled to even open his eyes as he laid in bed, his head pounding like his brain was going to pop out of his skull. Somehow, he found the strength to lift his eyelids just the slightest bit, and instantly regretted it. The lights shining from the bedroom ceiling seared his pupils with their rays, multiplying the pain in his temples, enough to hate life for allowing him to be in this kind of agony.

That is, until the light was blocked by a person-shaped silhouette sliding in, looming over him. The sharp contrast in brightness meant he couldn't make out any defining features, but it was a shape he had seen every day for hundreds of years. Not to mention, outside Daemonia, there weren't many candidates to who could have large, pointed ears like he was seeing now. Even if he harbored any doubts, the voice of the towering shadow shattered any mystery. "Wake up, sleepyhead. Hehe, it's so strange to be waking you up for a change."

Hearing his master Vivian's voice, Ignace was shaken out of his haze and shot upright, a quick motion that turned out to be incredibly painful for his poor head. "Ow! M-madam, what happened to me? The last thing I remember, we were preparing a celebratory feast, and then...everything goes blank."

"Oh, Barbarosa mentioned you probably wouldn't remember much, not after all you drank. It must be really bad if you slept through all that turbulence."

"...all I drank?"

"Yes, you and Rachel were having such a great time, drinking and dancing together," Vivian explained, smiling and giggling as she reminisced on the previous night. "In all the centuries I've known you, Ignace, I've never seen you having as much fun. It was refreshing!"

Suddenly, patches of last night's activities flashed through Ignace's mind. He remembered the party, and he remembered all the alcohol present, but there were still so many gaps in his memory, far more than he could be comfortable with. "Madam, please tell me I did nothing to disgrace myself in my inebriated stupor."

"Well, you spent most of the feast dancing with Rachel, and then you wandered in here and fell asleep. You've been out like a baby until I came in just now, it was really very cute."

Ignace's face flushed pink with embarrassment, yet he still let out a sigh of relief. "It's hardly becoming of a Daemon to act as I did, but I suppose it could have been much worse." He shook his head as he attempted to recall what their alliance's task was before the festivities. They had explored the human world, defended Hakurai Castle, destroyed four Ether Gears, and were discussing their next course of action when Vivian suggested the party. "That's right, the professor was talking about some 'special preparations' with you and Azura."

"Oh, we did that already. I didn't want to wake you up if you weren't needed, but we've reached the next realm, so it's time to get out of bed. You should see it, it's quite a marvel to the eyes!"

"Y-you could have woken me, madam! I'll look foolish as the only one who slept in!"

"Aw, don't worry, everyone knows what you've been through. Now, get on up, Ignace!" Taking the blanket in her hands, Vivian tossed the thick quilt away, reaching out and taking her servant's hand as she yanked him to his unwilling feet.

Taking a deep breath, Ignace steeled himself. In no shape to be exploring a dangerous new realm, he could tell that today would be particularly painful and miserable.

###

"Hey, there's the party animal," Renzo laughed as Ignace entered the bridge of their alliance's ark, looking down, unwilling to make eye contact with his comrades.

Because of that, he didn't see Gene nodding in agreement. "I've worked with Daemons in the past, but I've yet to see any have as much fun as you did."

"Yeah, you were a great partner! Those were some great moves," Rachel praised. "Nice to know there's a few Daemons I can get along with!"

A few more laughs came from the assembled team, and Ignace wanted to escape it all by looking out the large windows adorning the walls, where he could instead observe the calm, expansive sea. That's why he was surprised when there was no water surrounding their boat, no matter which pane he peered through. Still a little groggy, he couldn't entirely trust his senses, and so ran to the nearest window to confirm.

At the much closer angle, Ignace could see the water he had expected. The problem was, it was far below the ship. He could see the islands they had been exploring, he could cover them with his hand on the glass. And there were a series of floating landmasses waiting below the vessel. "I-is this ship flying?!"

"Nice of you to finally catch up, doggy," Tiggy chastised from the steering wheel. "Thanks to my genius, Azura's Signimancy, and Vivian's Sorcery, this baby can fly!"

Vivian joined Ignace at the window, admiring her work, as the attendant did. "So this was the 'special preparations' you were talking about?"

"Yes, this was it." Vivian smiled, in that pure way she could pull off perfectly. "Impressive, is it not?"

"Of course it is! Nothing can hold us down now," Tiggy boasted.

Everyone was celebrating their newfound freedom of the skies, when the Daemons noticed a small object flying, moving closer and growing larger, until they could identify the flying animal and its rider. "I think that dragon wishes to try, however," Vivian suggested.

In the seconds that followed, everyone rushed to the same window to confirm what Vivian was talking about, and sure enough, a silver dragon was closing in, with a person on the back of the beast. "Don't tell me it's Grossa again," Galil worried.

The dragon rider, a blue-haired woman, looked straight into the bridge as she flew by, landing on the nearby landmass and theatrically gesturing downwards. "I think she wants us to land," Ignace observed.

"Alright. Who does she think she is?" Tiggy spun the wheel to aim the bow at the floating island, bringing the ship down to the closest patch of flat ground large enough to support them.

With the vehicle parked and shut down, the landing gear extended and the doors opened, and the party of ten exited the ship to meet the dragon rider, who quickly got to introductions. "I am a Dragonguard called Matilda. I'd like to meet the one in charge of this flying ship."

Galil took head of the pack and stepped forward. "Guess I'm the leader. I'm Galil, and we came from the outside world."

Matilda cradled her chin in her hand. "The outside world? Did you guys cause those thunderclouds to start acting strangely?"

"Hmm...I suppose so," Galil affirmed.

Matilda wasn't done with the questions. "What's your reason for coming to this realm?"

"Our goal is to disarm the Great Barrier that's been set up on the surface by the Daemons." Vivian began explaining their whole journey up until now, with the alliance, the search for and destruction of Ether Gears, and opposing Daemons such as Grossa and Rouge. Ignace didn't need to hear any of this, he lived it, so he sort of blanked out, thanks to his hangover aches in the head and stomach.

Or, perhaps not all of his pains were due to heavy drinking. He had easily believed the stomach pains from alcohol, but that particular nag was instead emanating from slightly lower, and Ignace realized something: in all the previous night's activities he had lost memory of, one of them was clearly not a visit to the restroom, and there had yet to be one this morning either, leaving Ignace wanting. No, as his senses continued to wake up, "wanting" became too soft a descriptor. A vast quantity of drinks had been filtering through his system for hours on end, gathering in his bladder in all their volume. Ignace needed to pee, and very badly. Almost instantly, it was challenging to even stand still.

"Ignace!" His master's voice shook him from the introspection, reminding him that he was in a crowd, on a quest.

"Y-yes, madam? I'm sorry if I lost focus." Now was hardly the time to be distracted, or weak, so he buckled down and strengthened his resolve to outlast what would follow.

Vivian reached up and started patting Ignace on the head. "Aw, are you still tired? Matilda just told us to follow her to a place called Eshtern. Let's go!" Taking his hand, Vivian led Ignace back to the crowd, with her usual pep and energy. And speed, as the butler was quickly realizing about his master, having to put special attention into his footing to not trip, moving at higher speeds than he was currently comfortable with.

With each and every step, he could feel yet another pulse in his groin, pleading to void his bladder, to run to the bathroom that didn't exist where they were standing. Ignace was a tough Daemon, but this was just a kind of fight he wasn't used to. Most of his days for the last centuries were spent with Vivian, so long as she required nothing, he could use the bathroom any time the need presented itself. Now, he was caught in a particularly delicate situation, one where the solution was not so easily presented.

No, that wasn't exactly accurate. There was a possibility to where the attendant could find his release, in the form of the clusters of pink-leafed trees and patches of tall grass adorning the landscape of the Crystal Realm. While it had been a foreign concept until very recently, due to him considering such conduct to be deviant, as their journey had progressed, Ignace had been forced to become accustomed to urinating outdoors. Now that he was used to it, the potential locations to perform such an act seemed to call out to him, seducing him with promises of a relieved bladder if he would just walk over.

But how would he explain that to his comrades? They had only just entered the wilds minutes ago, he'd look positively pathetic if he already needed to ask for a rest stop. The alliance had reached the point in their adventure where competency was imperative; if Ignace were to look weak now, he could compromise the entire group paradigm. To say nothing of how his failings would reflect back on Lady Vivian!

But surely, it would be worse if he were to wait too long and lose control in his pants. Nothing would appear more foolish than that, and there would be no way to justify keeping him around. Vivian could not possibly want a servant who could not even be trusted to attend to himself. He was quickly finding himself somewhere with no proper escape.

"Ignace, is something troubling you?" And to prove his point, he hadn't even realized that his master was trying to get his attention until she raised her voice. Because of that, when he returned to the moment, everyone was looking at him, concerned and confused.

Ignace gulped, his face growing hot at all the attention. He believed strongly in honesty, but right now, revealing the whole truth would not be in his best interest. "Y-you don't need to worry for me, madam. I can take care of myself."

"Is he gonna be alright," Matilda asked from the head of the pack. "He looks kinda pale."

"Yeah, we had a big party last night, and he drank his body weight in booze," Renzo explained.

That was all Matilda needed to hear. "Ah, I get the picture. I drank like that the night I was accepted to become a Dragonguard. When I woke up the next morning, I had a piss that could match my dragon's!"

That's not exactly what I needed to hear... With Matilda's dragon walking with the party, Ignace could easily picture what that volume looked like, and with the sensation of his own bursting bladder, there was little doubt that it would serve as an accurate comparison. He couldn't get the image out of his mind, of this scantily-clad Matilda doing her business, and he took no pleasure in that.

However, as the scenario played out in his mind, Matilda did not appear. Instead, the setting was a junkyard, and the woman in question at the mercy of her bladder was Vivian. How could it not be, when he had seen her in the intense throes of desperation so recently, where she had very nearly become the only lady he had ever witnessed answering nature's call? That loud hissing and splashing, those sighs of bliss from his master, stimulants like that could only worsen his condition. And worsen they did, Ignace could practically feel himself ready to pop from the pressure.

Yet, that conclusion to Vivian's bathroom struggle was not the only segment on his mind. He could never forget his master's resolve, her willingness to wait, her morality would always win out no matter how much pain she was in. And even after she was forced to expose herself in a very open space to avoid a thorough accident, she had no regrets. Yes, that was how Ignace needed to conduct himself as well. He took a deep breath and steeled himself, resolved to wait quietly until he reached Eshtern, where he could surely find a proper restroom, as a gentleman should. I will not disappoint Lady Vivian now.

###

The distance from their landing spot to Eshtern was honestly not very far, but the entrance to the town was not so obvious when they arrived. Seemingly for protection, Eshtern could not be entered on foot, so the only way in was from the air, which meant being carried by Matilda's dragon. Something she had graciously not warned about until it happened, where Ignace was one of the first "passengers". Caught off-guard, it was all he could manage to not leak as he was lugged over the mountains. He could feel his filled bladder quivering with every vibration and jostle of his body, and the fear that he may not be able to make it to the town become more real and more worrying with each passing second. It was a miracle when he was unceremoniously dropped in the town still dry.

He was much more preoccupied with simply holding, so the task of admiring Eshtern's beauty fell to everyone else, who certainly did so enough to make up for his mental absence, where "oohs" and "aahs" abounded. Eshtern was awash with bright, vibrant colors, lush greenery, large crystal spires, and a massive, sparkling, golden castle in the center, the path to which Matilda had begun traversing by herself. "Come along, I'll take you to meet the Star Hierarch."

"Oh, he sounds important," Vivian beamed, yanking Ignace along as she ran up the stairs towards the castle.

In his current state, it took everything Ignace had to keep up with his master while not soaking himself. But jostling his bladder at this rapid pace, full control just wasn't possible to maintain, as he soon discovered. "Ah, m-madam, please hold on!" A jet of heat shot through his urethra at lightning speed, spurting from his genitals and creating a small wet patch on the front of his underwear. It all happened so fast, his only reactions were his ears perking up and tail flaring out.

Oblivious to the struggle happening inside her attendant's body, Vivian stopped and looked back. "What is it, Ignace?" She nodded her head up and down, looking him over top to bottom to find anything wrong.

It's nothing you need concern yourself with! Ignace straightened his body out, with his legs forced together, squeezing his penis between them to hold without outwardly holding. "W-we should let Matilda take the lead. There's no r-rush."

"Oh, yes. That makes sense." Vivian allowed the Dragonguard a head start, and hung back so her friends could rejoin them on the path up to the castle, moving up the stairs in a large mob. Unfortunately for Ignace, the pack was not large enough to suitably hide him, meaning he could not safely grab his crotch for some measure of relief.

No! No, what am I thinking?! That's incredibly uncouth behavior to even be considering! Yet, despite his own reprimands, the Daemon could not deny that he very much wanted to hold himself like a child. It was simply a natural instinct, the only way he knew how to mitigate the agonizing pain in his bladder. If I don't, I might...I might seriously wet myself. Loathe as he was to admit it, it was a real threat now.

Right now, all his bets needed to be placed on being allowed to use the men's room inside the castle. Which not only meant that he needed permission from this Star Hierarch, he needed to explain his temporary absence to his team. And to Lady Vivian...no, it's far better than the alternative! I just need to tell her...I just need to say... He racked his brain as much as he could without taking too much concentration off his bladder, but try as he might, the proper words continued to escape him.

This wasn't a topic that he had ever broached before, how was he supposed to indicate a bodily need without making himself look immature? To say that he was currently incapable of simply controlling himself, it was one of those subjects that couldn't be made dignified. No matter how he phrased it, he'd look like an incompetent fool.

But it appears I don't have much of a choice... Ignace needed to wish that fate would be on his side today, that some opportunity to relieve himself would come across naturally. It wasn't impossible. Maybe Vivian had also neglected to use the restroom this morning, and would soon announce her need, in that same unashamed way she did when they first arrived in the human realm. If I'm going to bet on another speaking up first, I should hope it's Lady Vivian, or I won't have a proper excuse to accompany them along.

When he came back to reality, outside his mind, he found that he had absentmindedly been guided into the giant white throne room, with blue carpet adorning the walls and red dragon murals decorating the back wall, behind who Ignace could only assume was the Star Hierarch on his throne, in full-body robes and a golden mask. "Lord Star Hierarch," Matilda addressed, "these are the ones who came from the outside world on a flying ship."

Looking over the party, taking quite his time doing so as Ignace noted, the Star Hierarch stood up from his seat and closed the distance between the two, approximately half-way. "So they are the ones responsible for the lightning?"

Galil nodded and took charge, explaining their story for what felt like the hundredth time. "The Daemons have corrupted the Great Barrier that divides the surface, and we've been working to undo that damage. It's possible that our actions may have caused the thunderclouds as a byproduct. We think the next location is in this realm, and we'd like permission to explore."

Once again, the Star Hierarch took his sweet time thinking the request over, to the point that Ignace was almost tempted to shout out and tell him to hurry up. Only centuries of obedience kept him silent as the ruler came to a conclusion. "Very well. I will permit you to explore the Crystal Realm, but on one condition: your skyship must remain under our control."

The entire alliance was shocked by the demand, but none were as offended as Tiggy. "You can't take our ship! It's already in bad shape from the approach, it could break if you start messing with it! Do you have any idea how much time I've spent getting it working right?!"

"Your ark will be returned to you in due time. Until then, Matilda, inform the Dragonguard to ground their ship until further notice."

Matilda bowed to the lord. "Sir." With that, she rushed out of the throne room, wasting no time in fulfilling her duty. Even the Star Hierarch apparently had other matters to attend to, as he exited from the back of the room, into a white door so well concealed that no one had even noticed it until now.

Please wait a moment, Sir Star Hierarch! Could you please direct me to the nearest restroom? The words were right there, practically on the tip of Ignace's tongue, yet nothing he could do caused the request to exit his lips, and before he knew it, the chance had passed. Suddenly, all at once, the large chambers felt so empty and lifeless, even with the ten adventurers still present.

Their business finished, the party turned back the way they came to leave the castle, Tiggy fuming the whole way. "Now we can't even leave this place if we wanted to! What if they hurt my baby with their grubby hands?"

As had become a job of hers, Vivian began to calm Tiggy down. "I'm sure they'll be careful not to break the ship. Besides, this is still a lot better than being confined to the jails of Hakurei Castle." She had a point, back during their quest through the Snow Realm, in order to gain the trust of Princess Yukiha, Gene had gone ahead and claimed the Daemons were, in fact, prisoners of the humans. They later told the truth and had them released, but in the intermediate time, Vivian and Ignace were held captive in the prison.

While he could agree with the comparison, Ignace stayed silent, for all he could think of was how different his predicament would be if he was this desperate back then. There was a pot in the cell, so I would have at least had an option should worst have come to worst. But the confines were quite small, there would have been no way to spare Lady Vivian from the act. She might have understood, but it would have been something to avoid regardless. Still, it was just the two of us, and the opportunity was right there... Honestly, he couldn't tell if that imagined scenario was better or worse than the current reality.

Seemingly as if to solely make the present seem the less desirable choice, Ignace was hit hard by another jolt from his stretched-out bladder, with enough force to make it clear that he was very much in danger of bursting. Slowly, to make sure that no one noticed him acting strangely, he moved a hand up to his stomach and rested it on his solid abs, the sturdy muscles surely preventing his bladder from expanding even further and giving him a little breathing room. The only respite he received was another spurt shooting out, soaking his underwear even further, the garment now wet enough to stick to his unmentionables, chilling to the touch from the earlier leak. It maybe made his hold a minuscule amount easier.

However, maybe he was a little too overt, because someone soon paid attention. "Ignace? Are you feeling alright? I've been sort of worried about you for a while now," Azura expressed, quietly and confidentially.

Even though the blind Azura couldn't actually see him, Ignace still straightened out like a statue, leaving his bladder to fend for itself without any outside assistance. "I-I don't know what you could be referring to."

"You just seem unnaturally tense, your breathing's ragged, and you're sweating, aren't you?"

Ignace hadn't even noticed it until she mentioned it, but upon wiping his forehead with the back of his hand, he found abundant enough perspiration to match his urination. Clearly, he was straining himself a lot more than he realized, all in the name of not peeing himself. "W-well...perhaps I may still be slightly under the weather. But you needn't worry, I am more than capable of toughing it out."

"Alright...but you don't need to overexert yourself, you know. You can say if you need to take it easy for a little while. We get that you may not be feeling your best right now." Azura disappeared to the front of the crowd, leaving Ignace cursing her Signimancy senses for making her too attentive.

Yet, as they continued to wait outside the castle with nowhere to go, Ignace continued to hear Azura's words echo through his mind. Why exactly am I going to such lengths to hide my need? Perhaps we were simply nicer than most, but neither Tiggy nor I thought any less of Lady Vivian while she was in the same dilemma. The rest of our compatriots might be just as understanding, should I say what's on my mind. On the other hand, someone like Gene hardly seems like the compassionate type. I would also believe I'd soon become the butt of Renzo and Rachel's jokes. And Tiggy would never let me live it down. On further thought, he could lose the respect of half the alliance should he come out and reveal his desperation. It was simply unbecoming for a Daemon, a trusted attendant, and a man.

He had no clue how long he was considering that, but when he came back, Matilda was running up the stairs to the castle entrance, right where their group was waiting. "Good news, I've received permission from the Dragonguard. Come with me." And as soon as she arrived, she left, beckoning everyone to follow.

"You're not going to have your dragon carry us out again, are you," Ignace grumbled. He wouldn't have enjoyed it regardless, but right now, the butler really didn't think he could handle another ride like that, not with clean pants.

"Yes, but this'll be the last time. The thing I was checking was whether I could let you borrow a dragon while you're here. So long as you can prove yourself, you're good to go."

Nothing could have convinced the girls faster, Rachel especially. "Our own dragon?!" Before anyone could stop her, she rushed to the Eshtern landing strip on the outskirts, jumping up repeatedly and waving her arms, pulling everyone's attention straight towards her and never letting go.

Vivian didn't mind the rush. "Let's go, Ignace!" As she often did, she took her butler's hand and began pulling him down the road against his will, shaking a drop or two loose with every greater-than-average jolt.

The news had put everyone in a good mood, and they were all hurrying to get out of Eshtern, excited expressions of varying magnitudes on each of their faces. Ignace wanted so badly to tell them all to wait, hold off on their fervor so that he may run off, tail and hands between his legs, to use the men's room, but he just couldn't. It was often his duty to temper elation and keep others in check, but the more time he spent around humans, the more he realized he was powerless against their surges of emotion, and the less able he found himself to play the role of the voice of reason. Or, perhaps a better analogy given the circumstances, the role of the wet blanket.

No one else would come to his aid of their own volition, it would seem, as Matilda had no hesitation joining everyone else, calling out to the sky. "Faflazard!" One simple cry of the dragon's name was enough to summon the winged reptile to its rider, landing near the crowd and nearly blowing them away with the force of its flaps. Matilda, as expected, was unaffected by the severe gust, jumping on her dragon's back while everyone else was occupied with maintaining their footing and not peeing themselves. Or maybe that last one was just Ignace. "Come on, get the lead out and let's get going!"

While the Daemon butler was struggling just shutting out the personal implications of "going", Vivian took the initiative and jumped onto Faflazard's back with Matilda. "Come on, Ignace," she beckoned, waving her arm to summon her attendant.

Ignace could do nothing but take a few deep breaths to ready himself. Be strong. You can surely manage a little longer. Fate will come to your aid soon enough. The uncomfortable dampness in his underwear begged to disagree, especially as it grew warmer and wetter as he climbed on the dragon's back. Ears falling back as he whimpered in pain, Faflazard lifted off, away from the only toilets he would find.

###

Approximately fifteen minutes had elapsed since the group had left Eshtern, the luscious colors and scenery of the environment continued to pass everyone by, and Ignace had already progressed to critical condition in a blistering display of speed. He had somehow managed to defy instinct this long by resisting the incredible urge to go all in and grab his crotch in the hopes that it would allow him to hold on just a moment further, all in the name of preserving his dignity. His underwear was positively soaked, the fabric sticking to his parts tormenting him with every single step, the fact that his pants had remained white through the spurts was nothing short of a miracle.

Every ounce of the Daemon's energy was being spent just sustaining his current, faltering state, leaving him looking sorry and pathetic. If his friends thought it was still alcohol-induced, they must have thought he would collapse at any second. His sweating from the stress hadn't diminished in the slightest, his face was red, his joints were stiff, he was gritting his teeth, eyes darting about, ears pointed back, and that was all on the outside. Inside, it was ten times worse, he was an absolute wreck. His bladder felt stretched to its limit, ready to burst open at any second, radiating with a burning, stinging sensation worse than any other pain he had felt in his long life, past his old combat training. He could feel it at the base of his manhood just as strongly, making the agony all the more unbearable. If his body didn't falter soon enough, his spirit would.

It was getting so bad, in fact, that Ignace was starting to consider his alternatives. Every tree and bush in the environment around them filled the attendant's imagination with thoughts of running off without a word and watering the plants, regardless of the proximity to the group. Some part of him even considered shouting for some space and relieving himself where he stood, all in the name of not having an accident. He knew better, he knew such thoughts were inappropriate and improper, yet every time he banished the images from his mind, they returned, pleading louder and louder to give up his shame just this once.

What else can I do? I've reached my limit, I have no excuse to find privacy, it needs to be somewhere in the open or in my pants! He'd be a laughing stock either way, it'd at least be nice to spare himself from dealing with wet pants for who knew how long. Obviously, he wanted nothing more than to avoid exposing his privates to a group not far above strangers, but it was pretty clear that however this would turn out, he wasn't going to like it.

There was just one thing, one aspect that kept him from tossing his modesty right off the edge of the floating Crystal Realm: Lady Vivian. She wouldn't be pleased with me should I lose control, but she would surely be more upset if I were to deliberately reveal parts she has no business seeing. She has done nothing to deserve witnessing that! But what other options were there? He'd either be made fun of for running off or for wetting himself, losing all respect in an instant, or he would be forced to show a part of himself, something that no one wanted.

"Oh, Ignace! Do you see that?" Vivian's call was enough to bring everyone to a halt so they could see what she was pointing at.

Ignace took a second longer to look, mostly because of his stiff muscles unwilling to move, but there was also a certain...resentment, one he hated himself for even entertaining. Madam, now is not the time for a detour! I am in the middle of a crisis, yet you wish to devote time to whatever catches your fancy! Still, he pivoted his head off to the side, where he could examine what had gotten his master so excited. "Flowers?"

"Oh, those kinds of flowers grow around here a lot this time of year," Matilda explained.

Vivian clasped her hands together and beamed a bright smile. "They're quite pretty. Come on, Ignace, accompany me so I can pick a few!"

"N-now?!" The attendant leaked once again, a worrying amount this time, in the shock of the suggestion.

He wasn't the only one concerned, as Gene spoke up as well. "I'm not so sure it's wise to split from the team right now. We don't have much idea what threats lie in wait, biding their time until our safety in numbers dissipates."

"That's why I'm bringing Ignace. It's okay, we'll catch up in a few minutes, you don't need to wait for us." Vivian took her butler's shivering hand, with all the confidence in the world in his abilities.

The rest of the team looked between each other, mostly at their designated leader Galil, who had no answer beyond a shrug. "If that's what you want, then okay. We won't go too far ahead." He led his party along the path at a walking pace, while the Daemons split off and headed for the plants.

Close to a minute passed, and the two groups had separated enough that they were effectively split. Ignace had to admit, having fewer eyes to witness him at his lowest moment was welcome, but Vivian being present meant it was small comforts. Perhaps I should simply urinate now, while I have relative privacy. There'll be no way to explain it when we reconvene, but at least I can perform the act with no one but...Lady Vivian to see. Oh, I'm really not sure if I should... "I implore you don't take too long picking your flowers, madam."

"Oh, that was a small fib, actually. I should be the one advising you to hurry."

"M-me? Whatever d-do you mean?" He couldn't even speak straight now, in the final throes of torturous desperation.

"You really need to use the restroom, don't you?"

Like a pane of glass shattering, that simple question broke Ignace's defenses, leaving him in stunned silence with his jaw agape, yet another leak seeping into his clothes. Suddenly, the dynamic had changed, flipped on him at a moment's notice. Vivian was the only one close enough to see and hear him, and now she was aware of his secret. Meaning, he had nothing to hide. Faster than lightning, his hands shot to his crotch, gripping the bulge of his pants with all the force he could manage. His knees buckled as he slammed them together, rubbing the tops of his tall boots together, his hips swaying as he cradled his wrists in his thighs, bending forward almost a full 90 degrees. "P-please forgive my conduct, madam."

"Hehe, it's fine, Ignace. I can't imagine I looked any more dignified while I was in your shoes."

"How c-could you tell what's ailing me?"

"Well, it was actually a bit of a guess. It just made sense, you look like I did when I almost had an accident, I know you had a lot to drink, it add-" Ignace shouted out, forcing his eyes closed as his pee dance grew more frantic. Vivian couldn't see, but a few more squirts of urine in his pants were pushing him over the edge, to a place he couldn't possibly recover from, and she could tell. "Oh, I probably shouldn't be talking right now. There's a tree right over there, so you'd best be quick." She turned to face the opposite direction of the nearest tree, giving her butler the most privacy she could offer.

Ignace hesitantly looked over to the tree, finding it quite close, but not exactly ideal. The trunk was too thin to realistically hide on the opposite end, so no matter which side he were to use, his intentions were clear. If the larger group were to change their mind and return, they would know from a cursory glance that he was relieving himself. And Lady Vivian was still so near, how could he possibly justify performing such a crude bodily function so near his master? It's indecent, it's improper, it's demeaning, it's...it's...it's necessary! He could feel his bladder bursting at the seams, if he didn't go now, it would be in his pants. There was no other possibility.

With no regard for his own pain, Ignace ran to the tree, holding himself the whole way, reaching a spot mere inches from the trunk in seconds. Even in that short time frame, that exertion was enough to reach the point where he could start flooding any moment, so there was no time wasted. His pants weren't coming off, thanks to his belts, so he hurriedly yanked the zipper straight down, reaching his right hand in to pull the front of his drenched underwear beneath his genitals, and bringing his penis into the open air, careful to wrap his palm around the shaft instead of allowing the spiked fingertips of his gauntlet to make contact.

Despite being on the verge of an accident for so long, now that he was able to let go, Ignace found himself unable to release, beyond even more squirts now safely falling onto the protruding roots. "Come on...come on, please," he growled, his grip tightening for a second, before he realized how poorly that could turn out. Closing his eyes, he took a sharp, quick inhale, and released it slowly. Nothing but a few scattered drops would escape his tip each time, yet he continued. Repeating this a half-dozen times, the tension in his muscles began to melt away, and he began to relax.

Like a faucet for the bath being turned the full distance all at once, the change was instantaneous. As soon as he reached a tranquility threshold, pee began erupting from his urethra at torrential force. The slightly-yellow stream crashed into the tree like a raging rapid with a hiss, countless tiny droplets splashing back onto his legs while the vast majority seeped between the cracks of the bark and traced a watery path down into the dirt, taking on the appearance of a small, but no less dangerous waterfall.

It should have felt amazing. Ignace had never once come even close to needing the bathroom as he had now, and after all the suffering, he had made it just fine...well, his undergarments were soaked, but that was a mere fraction of what his bladder could hold, as was plainly demonstrated now. Even with the less-than-ideal circumstances, it should have been a wonderful feeling, yet it could hardly be more opposite. The urine jet shooting out was so thick, his bladder had been so stretched out, and he had been holding for so, so long, his body was exhausted and not prepared to actually pee, like he was still trying to keep that vast quantity of fluids inside him. Being forced through his system with the strain of their ship passing through the Dark Current hurt quite a bit, no other way to describe it, with a burning and stinging distress almost identical to before he started going.

And that wasn't the only part of this outcome causing him discomfort, just to make it worse. With such proximity to such a large volume of urine, his strong Daemon senses meant he was absolutely assaulted by the overwhelming scent it emanated, though some part of him said that it smelled less than Vivian, something he didn't want to be able to compare. The light sound of urine crashing against solid wood melded into the telltale splashing liquid below, and his large ears meant he picked up every tiny detail. Against his better judgment, he looked down, and saw a massive, foamy puddle slowly soaking into the soil, circling the soles of his boots, all adding together into a perfect, inescapable reminder: he had pushed his body to its limits, and was forced to release it in the open.

Not just in the open, but somewhere his master could see, should she so desire. It would just take a quick turn and a slight step, and she would have a perfect view. She wouldn't...no, I'm sure she wouldn't! Lady Vivian would never stoop to such uncouth behavior! Yet, despite his reassurances, he just couldn't shake the feeling. Very slowly, like he didn't want to know the answer, Ignace turned his head to see Vivian, and where her gaze was focused. But, even when he could see her, her face was out of sight. Vivian's back remained turned to him, her hands folded behind her as her tail swished lazily. Her head would shift to better look at various parts of the scenery, but it always kept far away from him. For the first time, Ignace sighed in relief, knowing that his master respected his privacy.

In fact, there was something about the sight of a content Vivian, even from the back, that brought Ignace peace of mind. Perhaps that was the final piece of serenity he needed, or maybe it was just coincidental timing, but that sensation in his abdomen changed completely. The agonizing aspects of the release melted away, and all that remained was uncontrollable bliss. "Hah...mmpfh...aaaahhhhhh..." Every vibration of his powerful stream resonated through his most sensitive parts, leaving a stunning, wonderful feeling unlike anything he had felt before. He was speechless in the face of such mind-numbing euphoria.

As his pee continued to rage, Ignace began to go slack, and he fell forward, his forehead bumping into the tree trunk as it stopped his descent. His stream aimed a little lower, closer to the base, but the specifics didn't change. It still smelled, it continued to deafen, the puddle at his feet expanded, and the Daemon butler just couldn't care. He was just too happy to be relieving himself, and couldn't even keep his eyes open, his tail wagging behind him.

Of course, it wasn't long after it began to feel good that he quickly began running low on urine. His own little deluge's power began gradually tapering off, falling further and further down the trunk until it began directly joining its brethren in the puddle at his feet. The splashing became quieter and quieter until, finally, Ignace's pee stream ended. Panting as he opened his eyes, he gave one final push, squeezing out a sizable spurt remaining inside him, and gave his member one final shake to loosen any stubborn drops. As soon as they had stopped falling, his bathroom break finally reached its conclusion.

Several seconds passed, as the butler worked feverishly to regain his thoughts and his bearings. It wasn't easy with his mind flushed of its worries and his bladder flushed of its urine, but he did come around soon enough. His head still pointed straight down, the first thing he noticed was just how truly massive the puddle he left was. I...I did that? It wasn't much of a surprise, given how close he was to exploding and how much of a shining stain he left on the tree before him, but it was still far, far more than his usual fare.

@@The next revelation came when he began hastily shoving his penis back into his pants, and the skin suddenly became a lot wetter with a chill than ran up his spine, that made his eyes widen and his ears flare up. It wasn't easy to see through the small zipper hole of his pants, but enough light passed through to illuminate the cause: his boxers were already a dark blue color, but they were dyed a deep shade darker and sticking to his crotch thanks to the amount of urine saturated into them. ...perhaps it would have been prudent to speak up much earlier. I shouldn't make that mistake again. Wincing, he settled his privates into their proper place and zipped his pants back up, shivering at the cold feeling surrounding his genitals. Only then did he realize that there was indeed a small, visible yellow stain on the spot. Will anyone see that? Is it noticeable? He couldn't deny that there was a very real possibility that, despite his best efforts and Vivian's quick thinking, everyone would know he nearly peed himself anyway. Yet another punishment for my obstinance.

Lady Vivian! I need to thank Lady Vivian! Shooting straight back into proper posture and patting his legs down, he turned tail and began running to his master, grimacing with the gross feeling of underwear peeling off his skin and sticking again with every step. "Madam, I've finished...what I needed to."

Her ears perked up at the sound of her butler's voice, and she pivoted on her heel to face him. "Oh, Ignace. Are you feeling well now?"

"Y-yes, that was becoming quite the necessary stop. I should thank you for going out of your way just to help me."

"Of course, why wouldn't I? It's nice to do something for you for a change..." Vivian's sentence trailed off, and a questioning expression spread across her face as she suddenly stared straight into Ignace's eyes. Before he could ask what she was looking at, she took a large step towards him, crossing into his personal space and nearly pressing against his chest. All of a sudden, even when he had the chance to ask, he couldn't say anything. Finally, after the awkwardness made the second feel like an hour, she reached up and brushed the back of her hand across his forehead and the bangs that covered them. "There. You had some dirt on your forehead." She took a step back and held her hand up, revealing that there was indeed now speckles of dirt on her white glove.

Ignace brought a hand to his face and began wiping it away himself. "Oh...thank you for noticing."

"Of course. Your face looks a lot better when it's clean." Ignace preferred to stay collected and composed at all times, but Vivian had a way of sneaking past all that and making people feel...comfortable.

Still, it wasn't proper to act so relaxed, and Ignace shook some sense back into himself. "R-regardless, I feel I should apologize, for not having faith in you."

The questioning expression quickly returned to Vivian. "Not having faith? What do you mean by that?"

"Well...at one point, while I was...preoccupied, I suddenly became worried that you might sneak a look at me, and I needed to confirm for myself instead of having faith in your integrity."

"Oh, that's all? I think that's a perfectly reasonable fear. Actually, to tell the truth, I was a little curious, but I know you deserved privacy."

"M-madam!" They weren't "perverse" thoughts from the way she described them, but regardless, the mere notion of the noble Vivian Vin Esmerode admitting a desire to witness her attendant's private act was...eccentric, to put it as mildly as possible. "L-let's just return to our group before they become worried and come looking for us."

"That sounds like a good idea. I should pick a few flowers first, however, to complete the lie." She giggled as she squatted down and began plucking some of the pink flowers from the ground beneath her. "There! They do look quite fetching, don't they?"

"Well...this is hardly my strong suit, but I suppose they would brighten your room in a vase. If we ever return to Daemonia, that is."

"Then I'll just put one in my hair. You know, like the white rose Azura has." Affixing one between her brunette locks, Vivian poked at it to ensure it would stay in place, and smiled. "There! Now no one will know why we really separated from the group."

Difficult to believe considering he was feeling it every second, but only then was Ignace reminded of his last concern. "I'm not so sure, madam. There's...a wet patch that made it onto my pants, so the truth may come to light regardless."

"Hm? Is there?" Vivian's gaze tilted down, looking intently at Ignace's crotch, who instinctively moved both hands over the spot to cover it. "I suppose there is a little spot, but I didn't notice it until you pointed it out. You'll be fine, I'm sure! I'll see if I can hurry everyone along, to be safe. If my experience is anything to go by, you really need to wash your undergarments now, don't you?"

"I-I don't want to cause any fuss, madam, but that would go appreciated."

"It's no trouble! You need someone to look after you every once in a while too." With a bright smile, Vivian was all too happy to start patting Ignace on the head.

Problem was, that rhythmic drumming on his skull awakened a deep pain. "Ah!"

Vivian retracted her hand immediately. "What is it, Ignace?"

"Oh, it's nothing, madam. Just...I think I forgot the aches I'm still carrying from last night amidst the chaos."

Vivian put her chin in her hand as she contemplated, and soon snapped her fingers as she arrived at an answer. Saying nothing, she snaked between her butler's arm and torso, lifting the arm over her shoulder as she stood up and supported his weight. "I'll help you. And don't argue, because I'm not taking 'no' for an answer!"

No, there's no reason you should be the one assisting me! I can't allow you to do this! This is my duty, and I should be the one seeing it through! I...I... "I appreciate it, madam."

"It's no trouble, I promise." The two began hobbling back to the path they splintered from, adjusted to meet their comrades along the way. Ignace had no trouble walking, but he was grateful to have Vivian sharing her stability, giving him the chance to nurse his hangover. There was zero doubt that the rest of today, with a splitting headache and wet underwear, would not be pleasant, but with Lady Vivian at his side, he couldn't bring himself to dread it. He would gladly put himself through worse for her sake. And not just for Vivian, but for all the humans he had met. That was his duty as a servant, and he would continue to uphold it, without hesitation.

