An evening with K

Author: Calb

*000*2018-11-30 18:24

Hey guys! Another story to your attention. Some deranged fantasies of mine put into a winter scenario. Anyways, have a pleasant read!

Nobody but you and Kathy will ever know about her misadventure. You might not believe it, though, because it is so unlikely for a girl like her to be a character in a story like this. The story is about an elegant scarlet-haired girl who, one frosty evening, was getting back to her house and almost didn’t pee herself.

That icy night, in almost complete darkness in the courtyard between the silent apartment blocks, Kathy almost didn’t spill the hot contents of her bladder all over her jeans and almost didn’t make a warm puddle that helped clean the road from the snow.

Having fought off quite a few waves of strong natural urge, the young 23-year-old was rapidly making her way through the fresh layer of snow that was still falling from the dark above. Kathy was really close to the front door - only a minute away. She only needed to pass between two large barberry bushes and walk straight to the house, but suddenly she stopped, barely dealing with another sting in her lower abdomen – that bathroom problem was truly giving her a hard time.

- What the hell is that? – she thought.

Through the grey darkness, that was barely lit with a feeble streetlight, she saw three brawny men appear in her way. They didn’t give her a chance to run and quickly started walking towards her. They grew in front of her eyes like three quiet shadows coming from one horrendous creature. She gasped and remembered that she had pepper spray in her purse, but they were too quick, and Kathy didn’t even manage to open it.

- No, no, no… - she said in a fading voice, making a few steps back, before they were so close she could hear their breathing.

Kathy’s heart sank; she got ready to protect herself with her hands, barely lifted them and…

She heard snow squeaking behind her… And the men passed her like she wasn’t even there. They weren’t interested in her money or phone. They didn’t care about her body either, although hers was in a beautiful shape. Not one of them strangers even glanced at her from behind while they walked past her. Good for her, because they would have noticed Kathy’s jeans were getting flooded with urine.

Poor girl’s bladder has suffered too much by then. Its weakened dam got broken and let out a powerful hot stream down her gorgeous legs. Kathy, still in shock, acknowledged that she was pissing herself, but it still felt like a bad dream, like it wasn’t happening to her. She turned around and saw a couple of rattled people running away from the silent shadows. It was them who really got unlucky. And it was one of few times in her life when Kathy was happy she wasn’t a center of attention.

Kathy saw the shadow-men escape the weak light as they effortlessly became one with darkness, filled with abrasive screams of those unlucky bastards. But that’s not what interests you in that story, I might guess…

Kathy was still standing there, petrified in fear; hearing the now distant screaming of those poor people. Even so, she was breathing freely now because this nightmare turned out to be nothing. And then, unnerved, her body flinched, and finally she realized that she was wetting her jeans in earnest.

The feeling was almost pleasant: the flow was so strong that for a moment she felt like her legs were immersed into a warm bath… before the illusion was broken with frosty wind - and the trance dispersed. Kathy was still not moving, not knowing what to do, feeling that her sphincter was far too weak and the stream of pee spraying in her pants - far too strong. Her panties, pantyhose and jeans – everything got wet and icky.

- Oh my god, - she murmured and stared at her melting island in the sea of snow.

She barely noticed that her feet carried her to the entrance by themselves; and her hands – mechanically and hastily – took out the card and beeped her in. Kathy only had time to think that she hasn’t stopped peeing herself yet and probably added some potential ice to the porch.

Rapidly, scared that somebody would notice her soaked jeans, Kathy walked into the elevator, which was patiently waiting for her on the ground floor. She pushed the button and suddenly realized that her finger left a wet mark across the number.

- Fuck… - Kathy said aloud, understanding that she was holding her crotch with her palm and peed on it as well.

The pretty scarlet-haired girl looked at herself in the large mirror and saw just what she expected to see: her jeans darkened with wetness, her make-up ruined with her tears and her lovely face white from fear.

Despite all the hardship, Kathy breathed out, feeling the pressure lifting from her whole body. “At least nobody has seen it… At least they didn’t touch me”, - Kathy thought, feeling relief and shame, mixed with a weird damp sensation.

A tiny yellow puddle formed between her feet. This was finally it.

