What a Ride

Author: Calb

*000*2019-10-06 08:54

Public transportation is a bitch, thought about everybody on the train. For some "technical" reason it got stuck between two stations and has been standing in the tunnel for more than an hour already. Among all passengers, two of them were exceptionally pissed off: Julie, because she actually needed to pee; and Lyla – Julie’s friend who was terribly late for a meeting.

Lyla’s problem was purely a matter of supporting her reputation of a person who is always late. Julie’s problem was a strong natural need. She was waiting to relieve herself far too long to make yet another 5 minutes of waiting remotely bearable. Lyla, who was standing close to her friend noticed that Julie’s twitching made her rear move in a cute way, which also invited a lot of unwanted attention from other passengers. Lyla thought Julie was overly dramatic about her urge, but then she looked at her face and understood that it would’ve taken a much more talented actress than Julie to fabricate insufferable discomfort.

- You really need to pee, huh? – Lyla asked quietly.

- God, yes, I need to pee… Fuck… - her voice trembled as if she was starting to cry, her whole body was quivering as she held her hands in her crotch, hoping that standing in the corner of the car, behind Lyla’s slim figure, would save her from unwanted eyes.

And the train still didn’t move… About an hour ago, a voice from the loudspeaker said the train on the next station'd broken down and the repair crew was dealing with it. The voice apologized for the convenience and left Julie alone with her full bladder, and probably not only her.

Lyla was always envious about Julie’s legs and how attractive the shapely blond looked in her tight jeans, but having seen that her friend had a real problem, she became worried.

Julie was nervously bending her knees, her bladder was so heavy that she couldn’t hold still anymore.

Julie started breathing rapidly, and bent towards Lyla, who even caught a glimpse of Julie’s pink underwear, peeking out of her jeans above her butt. Lyla put her hands on Julie’s shoulders, and was going to hug her, but heard her agonizing moan which made her freeze.

- Jules, are you OK?

- Gosh, I’ll wet myself… No… - Julie’s voice was trailing off as she began to sob.

Lyla looked away and noticed that nobody was staring at her friend, in spite of her putting up quite a show. Constant waves of pressure, terrorizing her pee-hole, were making the air in the train even stuffier and more suffocating.

Sudden;y, she winced violently and her blushing face turned into a mask of agony. She started crying and turned her head away from Lyla, ashamed with her hopeless situation. Lyla took a small step back, and gasped at the sight: Julie’s crotch was quickly becoming wet, and her yellow pee was streaming from under her fingers, forcefully wedged between her thighs.

Shocked, Lyla covered her mouth with her hand, watching Julie’s dark blue jeans turn darker and darker - a puddle was quickly growing under her shaking legs. Tears were trickling down her burning cheeks – she almost could feel dubious glances the passengers were throwing at her. A girl with such an attractive stature was already drawing attention, and now she wet her pants. Torrents of urine were spraying into her jeans, making her going to toilet quite a performance.

Lyla felt scared for Julie, watching the pee puddle around her feet. Lyla did not want to imagine how it felt, to her it was painful enough to observe - for Julie it surely was a wet nightmare.

In a minute or so, Julie finally finished, and Lyla – seeing that her friend can barely stand on her feet – helped her step out of the large puddle that made a couple of people walk away from it with disgust.

All of a sudden the train moved off and if not for Lyla’s support, Julie’s trembling legs would let her fall. Crying, the lovely blond painfully acknowledged she’d totally pissed herself on a train full of people… The unimaginable relief she felt was enough to make her feel weightless, but not enough for stopping the insufferable humiliation.

