Fortnite Battle Royale

Author: CumGang

*000*2018-08-23 02:59

Cuddle team leader: Cuddle

Elite Agent: Elite

- As Elite and Cuddle are gliding down to Lazy links, Cuddle's bladder starts to remind her.. She didn't pee before she got on the bus..-

Cuddle: Ey, Elite I kinda needa go to the toilet.

Elite: Dam Cuddle you always needin the toilet.

Cuddle: Ik but..

Elite: How about, we get guns, kill a few people then you go the toilet?

Cuddle: Ok. fine.

- She said despite knowing she couldn't make it -

Cuddle: Hey I found shields.

Elite: Nice, spare me some.

Cuddle: k

- The dripping and wet sounds that the shield gives off triggers Cuddle's bladder to 90% (Almost peeing herself) -

Elite: Cuddle why are you squirming so much?

Cuddle: Nah it's nothing. Just cold I think.

Elite: Cuddle, if you'r-

- Cuddle runs away looking for a toilet, but it's too late. There's already pee running down her legs, staining her onzie -

- Elite walks in -

Elite: BAHAHAHAA, OMG. CUDDLE, I DIDNT KNOW YOU WHERE THAT DESPERATE -Elite says laughing loudly-

- Cuddle blushes and tries to hide it -

Cuddle: Yeah ok Elite, just shut up.

Elite: Damn ok..

Cuddle: Now what are we going to do? Cause I can't go out like this.

Elite: I don't kn- -Elite bursts out laughing-

Cuddle: ELITE, CAN YOU JUST STOP AND HELP ME THINK OF A SOLUTION?

Elite: Ok, ok. I think you we should just.. Uhm.. -Elite leaves the game leaving Cuddle in a puddle of pee on her own-

- Cuddle starts crying -

The en 

I haven't saw any fortnite omorashi on here yet so.. Here!

&&

&&

