Quintessential Quintuplets: Futaro's Chaotic Summer

Author: Char242

*000*2021-05-03 08:45

Story 1: Stuck in the Bathroom with Miku

Summer break, a most wonderous time of year for any student. Between the warm weather, the extra free time, and the greater sense of freedom that came with it, what wasn’t to like about it? Even Futaro Uesugi was excited. Now that school was finally out for a while, he would have all the time in the world to catch up on some of the studying he felt he had missed out on. To most people his age, the idea of spending the summer break studying seemed like a waste. But to Futaro, it would be paradise.

It was the first night of summer break and Futaro was busy thumbing through a textbook. “This is great,” he said as he laid the book down and stretched. “Between school, homework, and tutoring those five, it seems like I never have time to do the studying I want to do. Now that summer break is finally here, I can do all the studying I want, when I want. Best of all, I don’t have to deal with those five everyday during the break.” He couldn’t help but let out a gleeful chuckle. Ever since he had become the tutor for the five Nakano sisters, his peaceful life had been turned upside down. Now would be the time for a little peace and quiet.

“What are you chuckling about Big Bro?” called a voice from the kitchen. It was Futaro’s younger sister Raiha.

“I’m just thinking about all the time I’m going to have to relax and study,” replied Futaro.

“You know most people wouldn’t use the words relax and study in the same sentence, right?” teased Raiha.

“She’s right,” added Futaro’s father as he entered the room and sat down next to the small dining table. “Instead of burying your nose in a textbook, you should be hanging out with friends and going on dates with cute girls.”

“I’m good,” said Futaro. “Let the normies spend the break hanging out with friends. In the end it won’t get them into a good university or get them a good job like studying can.” Suddenly a wicked expression came over his face. “As for dates, why should I bother with something like that. Most couples who start dating at this time of year are broken up by the end of the summer or not long after that anyways. While they’re busy having their romances and heartbreaks, I’ll be bettering myself through studying. Soon they’ll all see that it will be me standing at the top while they cry and snivel over the opportunities they wasted.”

“I think you stepped on a landmine, Dad,” said Raiha as she entered the room with a pot of curry. “Even still, Big Bro, I wish you would at least try to make more of an effort this summer to do something other than studying. After all, I’m worried that you’re not making the most out of this valuable opportunity. If you won’t do it for yourself, will you please try for me?”

“I’ll think about it,” replied Futaro as he tried to look away from his darling little sister’s gaze. Little did he know it, but his summer was about to get very chaotic.

###

Futaro arrived at the quintuplet’s apartment at around 11 o’clock the following morning. While he disliked the idea of having to use his summer break to tutor them, he was glad that he would only have to do it three times a week during the break. He knocked on the door and patiently waited. A moment later, a girl wearing wireless headphones around her neck opened the door. It was the middle quintuplet Miku Nakano. “Please come in,” she said.

Futaro entered the apartment and set his bag next to the coffee table they often used for studying. “Where are your sisters?”

“Ichika is at work, Nino is hanging out with friends, Yotsuba is helping out the basketball club, and Itsuki went to the library,” answered Miku. “It’s just us today.”

“Didn’t you remind them that we were going to have a tutoring session today?” asked Futaro.

“I tried, but they left before I could say anything,” replied Miku. Although in truth, she had made no such effort to remind the other girls about the tutoring session. After all, it wasn’t all that often that Miku had a chance to have Futaro all to herself and she was going to take full advantage of it.

“I see,” said a dejected Futaro. “Do they really want to avoid our tutoring sessions that much?”

“You still have me,” stated Miku, doing her best not to sound too excited. “Maybe we could use this time to study Japanese history. I mean if you want to, that is.” Ever since she had become aware of her own romantic feelings towards him, she couldn’t help but get nervous around him. She could feel those same nerves beginning to manifest now.

“That’s fine,” said Futaro as he tried to gather up what remained of his shattered confidence. Suddenly a low rumbling sound filled the room. “I’m sorry,” he apologized, “I overslept this morning and missed breakfast.”

“That’s all right,” blushed Miku. “I was just getting ready to take the croquettes I was making out of the oven. I made them for you since you seemed to like them so much last time. Take a seat and I’ll go get them.

“Great,” replied Futaro as he forced a smile, “I can’t wait.” While he found nothing wrong tastewise with Miku’s croquettes, Futaro was still a bit traumatized from the time that Miku had fed him so many croquettes that he’d thought he’d die. Just the very memory of the incident made his stomach hurt.

Miku came back a few minutes later carrying a plate of burnt croquettes and a bottle of ketchup. “I’m so sorry,” she said bowing her head, “I thought I finally got the temperature right, but it looks like I burned them again.” Futaro picked up and examined one of the burnt croquettes. It felt kind of hard. He could feel his stomach getting queasy. Miku noticed the uneasy look on Futaro’s face. “You don’t have to eat them if you don’t want to. We can just order some takeout or something.”

Miku had just given Futaro a way out of the situation. As he prepared to say something, he noticed that Miku had tears welling up in her eyes. It was likely from the embarrassment at having failed once again at her latest attempt at cooking. Futaro lowered his gaze and for the first time noticed that Miku’s fingers were covered with small bandages. He knew in an instant how hard she must have tried to make these for him. Strengthening his resolve, Futaro bit down on the croquette in his hand. It tasted burnt and incredibly salty.

“It’s bad isn’t it,” whimpered Miku. “Don’t force yourself to eat anymore. I’ll go dispose of the rest of it.” As Miku reached for the plate, Futaro grabbed the plate and pulled it just out of her reach.

“It’s not that bad at all. Maybe a bit burnt and salty, but it’s edible,” smiled Futaro as he finished off the first croquette. He then grabbed another.

“Really?” blushed Miku as she used the sides of her hands to wipe away tears of happiness forming in the corners of her eyes.

“I wouldn’t mind something to drink though,” said Futaro.

“I’m on it,” smiled Miku. A moment later she came back with a couple cans of matcha soda. “Here you go.”

“Thanks,” replied Futaro as he took the can from her. In truth, he didn’t care much for the taste of matcha soda, but he didn’t want to be rude either. As Futaro ate the burnt croquettes, he listened to Miku talk about a historical drama she had seen the previous night about a feudal warlord. Before he knew it, an hour had past and, in that time, they had drunk two cans of matcha soda each.

As they began cleaning the plates in the sink, Futaro said, “After this we should probably get straight to studying.”

“That’s fine with me,” replied Miku. The two cans of matcha soda she had drunk earlier were now causing her to squirm a little bit. “I need to go take care of something. You should go get the work ready.

“Alright,” said Futaro as he watched Miku walk out of the kitchen. While he dried the dishes, he couldn’t help thinking it sucked only having one of the five sisters here. On the bright side though, at least the one he did have was the smartest of the bunch.

###

Miku had just entered the bathroom. She locked the door and walked over to the toilet. Miku lifted the lid and began pulling down her tights and panties. She gently lowered herself onto the seat. As she let the first few golden drops flow, she couldn’t help but notice that the sound seemed different from normal. Sensing that something was off, she cut off her flow, spread her legs as much as she could, and looked down into the toilet bowl below her.

Except for the few splatters of urine on the lower insides of the toilet and a small yellow pool at the bottom, the bowl itself was bone dry. Miku quickly stood up and backed away from the toilet for a better view. Sure enough, her eyes were not deceiving her. Attempting to fix the issue, Miku tried flushing the toilet, but nothing happened. Even jiggling the handle did nothing. She quickly pulled her clothes back up. Beginning to feel a bit desperate, she wondered if she should just go ahead and finish up or try to see if she could have Futaro fix it. Either way, he would see her urine in the toilet bowl. In the end, she decided it would be better to have Futaro try to fix it first. Little did she know that this decision would set off a chain of embarrassing events.

###

Futaro had just finished pulling out the assignments he had created for tutoring. As he was laying them on the coffee table, he noticed Miku standing behind him. “Are you ready to start learning?” he asked.

“About that…,” began Miku trying to find the right words to say, “do you think you could come take a look at something?” She was doing her best not to squirm, but she could tell the urge to pee had gotten stronger.

“I guess,” said Futaro. He then followed her to the bathroom. “So, what’s the issue?”

“I think the toilet might be broken,” answered Miku as she shut the door behind them.

“I’m not a plumber, but I guess I could take a peek,” he said as he walked over to the toilet and looked down. Sure enough, the inside of the bowl was pretty dry. Although as Futaro looked closer, he thought that the small pool of water at the bottom of the bowl had a yellowish hue to it. “My guess is that it’s probably clogged.”

“I didn’t clog it,” blurted Miku. “I only peed a little.” As soon as she said that she covered her mouth with her hands. She couldn’t believe that she had just admitted that to her crush.

“Did you say something?” asked Futaro trying to play if off. However, Miku could see that the tops of Futaro’s ears were bright red.

“Nothing,” mumbled Miku. “The plunger is on the side of the toilet.” She turned away as Futaro grabbed the plunger and began trying to fix the issue. It would only take a couple minutes of plunging before everything went wrong.

“Crap!” shouted Futaro as he stopped plunging. The sound of running water filled the room. Miku turned around and saw that the toilet bowl was beginning to fill much faster that it normally should.

“What’s going on?” she panicked.

“I don’t know. Maybe I did something when I unclogged it,” replied Futaro as he got down on his hands and knees. “I need to shut the water off before the toilet overflows.” All Miku could do was watch as the water rose ever faster while Futaro desperately tried to turn the water off. Luckily, he managed to do it with seconds to spare. Suddenly a rancid smell drifted up from the toilet, despite the water being fairly clear.

“What’s that smell?” gagged Miku.

“I’m not sure, but it smells like raw sewage,” he replied.

“I think I’m going to be sick,” said Miku as she bolted towards the door. However, in her haste she tripped and fell towards the door. She closed her eyes as a loud thud reverberated throughout the room followed by a clanging sound. As she opened her eyes, she realized that her face was pressed up against something rather soft and warm. Slowly lifting her head, she quickly realized that Futaro had thrown himself between her and the door. “Oh my God, are you okay?” asked Miku.

“I’m feeling just a little banged up, but other than that, I’m okay.” Futaro slowly raised his gaze up towards the door he had crashed into. Suddenly a look of horror flashed across his face. “Miku, where’s the doorhandle?” The two quickly looked around and much to their horror, found it lying on the ground. Futaro picked it up and desperately tried to reattach it, but to no avail.

“I think the smell’s getting worse,” said Miku as she did her best not to vomit.

“Try closing the lid and see if that helps,” commanded Futaro. “I’m going to see if I can knock the door down. As Miku closed the toilet lid, Futaro began ramming his shoulder into the door, but the door wouldn’t budge. After a couple of minutes, the pain beginning to grow in his shoulder forced him to stop. “It’s no good. I think we’re stuck in here until someone opens it from the other side. Do you think you can call one of your sisters to come let us out? My phone’s back in the living room.”

“Mine is too,” admitted Miku. “What do we do now?”

“We have no other choice but to wait,” answered Futaro. As he said it, he could feel the urge to pee slowly intensifying. If help didn’t come soon, things could get messy. Unfortunately for the two of them, help would not be arriving anytime soon.

###

Futaro estimated that at least three hours had passed since he and Miku had become locked in the bathroom. Luckily for them, Miku had been able to find some air freshener to keep the worst of the sewage smell at bay. However, there was a bigger problem to deal with. Both of them were now feeling an almost unbearable urge to pee that was getting worse with each passing second.

Miku was against the wall opposite the sink. She had done a pretty good job of hiding her desperation from Futaro for the first two hours or so, but she was now reaching her limit. Doing her best to keep her squirming to a minimum, she looked at Futaro to see how he was holding up. Just one look, and she knew he was at or near his limit too. “How much longer do you think until we’re rescued?” asked Miku as she shifted her body a bit. A burst of pain reverberated throughout her bladder as a couple drops leaked out. One false move and her slightly stained panties would be the least of her concerns.

“Hopefully soon,” panted Futaro. At this point he wasn’t sure which hurt worse, his shoulder or his bladder. The last time he had shifted positions, he had felt a little leak out. He quickly came to realize though that it hadn’t been enough for Miku to notice, but he knew he was on borrowed time. The more he thought about it, the more he came to the realization that he was in a lose-lose situation. As a guy, Futaro could easily use the sink if he had to, but if he did, Miku would see. Alternatively, if he wet himself, Miku and the other quintuplets would bare witness to it. While Miku, Yotsuba, and Ichika would likely be understanding of the situation. The other two, particularly Nino, would not. In fact, if Nino saw him do that, she would likely take a picture and threaten to post it around the school unless he resigned as their tutor. No matter how he looked at it, his pride was going to take a hit.

Another fifteen minutes passed, before Futaro came to a decision. He slowly rose to his feet, doing his best not to spring another leak. Miku noticed this and asked, “What are you doing?”

“I’ve hit my limit,” admitted Futaro. “If I don’t go now, I’m afraid I’m going to wet myself.”

“But the toilet’s broken,” stated Miku. “Where could you possibly go?

“The sink,” answered Futaro as he turned his back to her. “Please try to look away.” He took a step towards the sink. Suddenly he felt something pull on his pant leg.

“There is no way I’m letting you do that in here. Please just try to hold it,” commanded Miku.

“I can’t,” cried Futaro. “If I wet myself before your sisters come rescue us, Nino might use this incident as blackmail to get me to resign. If she succeeds, I won’t be your tutor anymore.” Miku felt her heart tighten. If Futaro wasn’t their tutor anymore, then she wouldn’t get to be with him as often. She couldn’t bare to have that happen.

“Alright,” relented Miku as she released his pant leg. “Just try to do it quickly.”

“Thank you,” nodded Futaro as he stepped towards the sink. He quickly unzipped his pants and whipped out his dick. Within seconds he had a full stream cascading into the sink. He couldn’t help but moan in relief. As he looked at the bathroom mirror behind the sink, a look of horror crossed his face. From the corner of the mirror, he could see Miku sitting on the floor against the wall trying to avert her gaze. Her face was flushed with a combination of embarrassment and her own desperate need to urinate. It was obvious that she could see everything by looking at the mirror. It was at that point that Futaro wanted to crawl into a hole and die. However, he kept pushing forward, doing his best to block any view that Miku might have of him if her eye happened to wander towards the mirror.

It would take about two minutes for Futaro to completely empty his bladder. Once he was finished, he zipped up and turned on the sink to try to wash away any residual evidence. He then turned to Miku who was now bent forward in desperation. Futaro quickly squatted down to her level and placed a hand on her shoulder. “What’s wrong?”

“I don’t think I can hold out much longer,” she whined.

“You should use the sink. I can turn my back and…”

“There is no way I can do something that embarrassing,” she cried.

“What’s more embarrassing,” asked Futaro, “peeing in the sink or wetting yourself?”

“I guess wetting,” admitted Miku as she felt a little bit squirt out. “But even if I was willing to pee in the sink, I don’t think I could get up without wetting myself.”

“I’ll help you up,” replied Futaro, “if you want me to, that is.” Miku nodded in agreement. Futaro had Miku throw her arms around his shoulders as he gently placed his arms around her midsection. Then as if the two were in perfect sync, the two slowly stood up. Miku let out a high-pitched squeak as another spurt made its way into her panties. “Everything alright?” asked Futaro.

“I think a little came out,” muttered Miku. At this point she didn’t care if he knew or not. Her main concern was to make sure she didn’t drench herself in front of him. The moment they were next to the sink, Miku came to a horrifying realization. In her current state, there was no way she was going to be able to pull down her tights and panties without having a catastrophic accident. “Hey Futaro, can I ask you for a favor?”

“I’ll do whatever I can to help,” said Futaro. He could tell by the tone of her voice that it was something embarrassing. However, he was not expecting to hear what came next.

“Could you take off my tights and panties for me?” Miku noticed the look of shock on Futaro’s face. “I’d do it myself, but I think I might leak all over the floor if I try to bend down.”

“Ok,” stuttered Futaro as he got behind her. Miku grabbed hold of his hands and guided them up her skirt. Once he had a hold of the tights and panties, he slowly pulled them down her legs, all the while averting his gaze. “They’re off now,” he said. He was doing his best to keep his cool, but even he noticed his voice cracking. “I’ll just turn my back now.” He then turned around and a took a couple of steps towards the wall.

Miku slowly turned around and faced the sink. She wondered how she should go about it. One method that came to mind was to try to do a sort of standing position like Futaro did. The more she thought about it however, the more she realized she would likely end up getting it all over legs. Another method would be to turn around and sit above the sink basin. While it would be more efficient than the first method, it came with a major risk. If Futaro happened to turn around, he would see her lady parts and she wasn’t ready for him to see that yet. She paused for a moment. What do I mean yet!? Miku could feel the blood rushing to her cheeks. Realizing that she was running out of time, she slapped her cheeks in a desperate attempt to regain her concentration. Just then, a third option popped into her head. She could try to climb up the sink, face the mirror, and either straddle the basin or attempt a hover squat.

As she mulled the options over in her head, she felt something begin to drip down her inner thigh. She was going to burst any second. Moving as quickly as she could, she climbed up onto sink. Facing the mirror, she squatted as best she could over the sink. Clenching her fists, she gently placed them up against the mirror for support. Within seconds, she felt the first few droplets coming out. The sound of pee hitting the porcelain sink reminded her of a dripping faucet. Surely Futaro must have thought so too. Wanting to get the situation over quicker, she tried giving her stream a little push. While she was able to get her stream to medium strength, she also ended up letting out a high-pitched squeak. Only this one didn’t come out of her mouth.

Miku’s face turned a darker shade of red than before. I CAN’T BELIEVE I JUST DID THAT!!! she screamed internally. She took a couple deep breaths to try to calm herself. Maybe he didn’t hear it. I mean it could have been blocked out by my stream, right? Her curiosity getting the best of her, she slowly turned her head around and saw that the back of Futaro’s ears were dark red. HE HEARD!!! She placed her hands to her face to try to hide her embarrassment. In doing so, however, she lost her balance and began to fall backwards, her spray splashing against the mirror.

Suddenly she felt something grab hold of her. Looking up, she saw it was Futaro. He had his forearms under each of her thighs while his hands had come to rest on her inner thighs. He had leaned his chest forward in attempt to offer some form of support. “What the hell are you doing?” he screamed. “Why didn’t you just sit? Don’t you know how dangerous that could have been if I hadn’t caught you?”

“I’m sorry,” sniffled Miku. “I thought you might turn around and look so I decided to try to turn around and squat instead.” By this point she had been able to cut off her stream, but the damage to the mirror had been done. Futaro could feel Miku’s body quivering.

“Miku, you can trust me when I say that I won’t turn around or when I say I’ve got your back,” said Futaro in a reassuring tone. “I mean we’re partners after all.”

“You’re right,” she replied as she wiped away tears from the corners of her eyes. “What do we do now?”

“Do you still have to go?”

“Yes,” answered Miku.

“Well then I guess I have no other choice but to try to support you. Don’t worry, I won’t look,” said Futaro.

“Ok,” blushed Miku as she returned her gaze to the mirror. Sure enough, Futaro’s eyes were tightly closed. “I’m going to try to finish up now.” Miku restarted her stream, which by this time had become more of a spray and watched as it rained down into the sink. She couldn’t help but notice that some of the droplets were landing on the outsides of the sink, but she reasoned that she would be able to clean it up later. As she watched some of the droplets go astray, she realized that her inner thighs were starting to get splashed too. Squinting at the mirror, she could see what looked like piss droplets forming on the backs of Futaro’s hands. “I’m so sorry,” she screamed as she tried to adjust her stream to prevent further splashing.

“Don’t worry about it,” said Futaro. “Just try to finish up as quickly as you can. I don’t know how much longer I can keep this up.” Miku could feel Futaro’s body trembling. It reminded her of the festival when he had tried to carry her after her foot was injured.

Before she could say anything further, they heard what sounded like a door opening followed by some chatter. Then they heard a female voice call out, “Is anybody here?” It was Ichika.

“I see Futaro’s bag so he must be here,” replied Yotsuba.

“It’s a bit strange though that he left his phone out on the table,” said Itsuki.

“Looks like Miku left her phone on the table too,” added Nino. “I wonder where those two could be.”

“Crap,” replied Futaro as he overheard the conversation going on outside. “If they catch us like this, Nino will kill me.” Just then he felt a sharp pain reverberate throughout his back shoulder. The strength in his arms and legs faded and before he had time to react, he felt himself fall backwards. As he lay on the floor, he felt something heavy on top of him followed by a warm and wet sensation seeping down the crotch of his pants. His first thought was that he had wet himself when he fell. However, that quickly changed when he realized that Miku was sitting on top of him, her body quivering.

“I’m so sorry,” she whispered. Futaro understood in an instant what that wet feeling was.

“It’s alright,” he whispered back as he sat up.

Just then the two heard Ichika say, “Did anybody here that thud just now?”

“I think it came from the bathroom,” added Itsuki.

Realizing that they were running out of time, Futaro sprang into action. He quickly grabbed some toilet paper and tossed it to Miku. He then grabbed the tights she had been wearing and used them to clean the spray off the mirror. Futaro then did his best to try to wipe up or wash away the remaining evidence. He was almost done when he heard the door handle turn on the other side. However, the door did not open.

“What the hell is with this door?” grunted Nino as she tried to force it open.

“Let me try,” yelled Yotsuba. Futaro felt a chill run down his spine as the door began to move. Thinking quickly, he threw the soiled tights behind some cleaning supplies in the cabinet under the sink. Just as he closed the cabinet door, the bathroom door swung open hitting him upside the head and sent him sprawling backwards onto the tile floor. “Oh my God! Futaro are you okay!” cried Yotsuba.

“I think so,” replied Futaro still a little dazed. As he sat up, a camera flash went off. Looking up, he saw that Nino was holding her cellphone. A wicked smile crossed her face

“Never would have figured you for a pants wetter,” taunted Nino. “Just wait until everybody at school sees this.” Futaro could feel tears welling up in his eyes. Suddenly the cellphone was yanked out of Nino’s hands. “Hey,” screamed Nino as she spun around.

“There will be none of that,” said Ichika as she slipped the phone into her pocket. She then walked over to Futaro and offered him a hand. “Let’s go get you cleaned up.” Ichika helped Futaro to his feet and escorted him out of the bathroom.

“What about my phone?” screamed Nino.

“You can have it back later once I’ve had a chance to delete the evidence,” laughed Ichika.

“No fair!” yelled Nino before stomping off in defeat.

“Thank you,” said Futaro as he breathed a sigh of relief.

“Don’t mention it, that’s what big sisters are supposed to do,” smiled Ichika as she gave a quick glance back and a knowing nod towards Miku who was just exiting the bathroom.

###

Not long after getting out of the bath, Futaro donned a shirt and pair of pants Ichika and left for him. He then entered the living room and was surprised to see what looked like a suitcase and a couple cardboard boxes. “What’s this about?” asked Futaro as he looked at the suitcase. It kind of reminded him of the one he had at home.

“Raiha and your dad came by while you were in the bath and dropped it off,” said Itsuki.

“Is that stuff you’re going to use to tutor us?” asked Yotsuba. Futaro could tell she was curious by the way she was hovering around the suitcase and boxes.

“Maybe Futaro’s moving in with us,” joked Ichika. As soon as she said it, she noticed that Miku’s face had gone beet red. Ichika nudged Miku with her arm and said, “If he does, maybe he can stay in your room with you. I mean that’d make you happy, right?”

“Ichika!” blushed Miku. Miku then turned her attention to Futaro. She breathed a sigh of relief when she realized that he had been too absorbed in the mysterious packages to have heard what Ichika had said.

“There is no way that I would ever let a loser like him move in here,” grunted Nino. Just then her cellphone rang. She answered the phone. “Hi Daddy, what can I do for you?” There was a pause. “Yes, all the girls are here. Futaro too.” Another pause. “Okay, I’ll put the phone on speaker.”

“Greetings my darling daughters and greetings to Uesugi as well,” said the male voice on the other line.

“Hello Daddy,” said the other four quintuplets in unison.

“Hello sir,” replied Futaro.

“I have something important that I want to discuss with you all,” began Mr. Nakano. “It has recently come to my attention that the girls’ grades are still not up to par with my expectations. While I am proud to see that your grades have improved under Uesugi’s tutelage there is still much room for improvement. That said, I have come up with a great solution. Starting today until the break is over, Uesugi will be staying at the apartment as a live-in tutor.”

“What?” screamed the quintuplets in unison.

“But sir…,” began Futaro.

“The decision has already been made and Uesugi’s father has given his consent,” interrupted Mr. Nakano. “My darling girls, think of this as a summer study camp and learn as much as you can. Uesugi, make sure my daughters learn plenty and start showing greater results. If you fail, I will be forced to ask for your resignation. Is that clear?”

“You got it Pops,” stuttered Futaro. He could feel himself sweating bullets.

“I don’t recall giving you permission to call me Pops,” grunted the man on the other line. “Before I hang-up I have one last thing to say to Uesugi. Uesugi please take me off speaker.”

“Yes sir,” said Futaro as he picked up the phone and took it off speaker.

“Just so you are aware, I am entrusting you with the care of my five daughters. Should I find out that you have done anything untoward to any of them during your stay, I assure you that your resignation as their tutor will be the least of your worries. Do I make myself clear?” Mr. Nakano’s tone sent shivers down Futaro’s spine.

“Crystal clear sir,” gulped Futaro.

“All right then,” said Mr. Nakano, “I wish you the best of luck and hope to see great results from your efforts.” With that, the phone call ended.

“I’m so screwed,” muttered Futaro under his breath as he dropped to his knees.

“Don’t worry Futaro,” smiled Yotsuba, “we’re going to have lots of fun.” She then gave Futaro a playful slap on the back. Futaro let out a painful scream as he fell forward. Before any of the other girls had time to react, Miku had knelt beside him. Then without hesitation, she lifted his shirt. All the girls gasped at the large blackish purple bruise running along his back and shoulder. “Oh my God!” panicked Yotsuba, “I didn’t think I hit him that hard.”

“You didn’t,” replied Miku. “This must have happened when he stopped me from crashing into the door earlier. We should probably take him to a doctor.”

“No,” panted Futaro as he did his best to prop himself up. He wasn’t sure if it was the pain emanating from his back and shoulder or the exhaustion from the day’s events, but he found it difficult to move. “I’m fine. I just need a bit of rest.”

“But…” began Miku.

“Ok Futaro, if that’s what you want,” interjected Ichika. She then turned to Yotsuba. “Do you still have that cream you used to use for bruises?”

“I think so,” replied Yotsuba. “I’ll go check.”

“That would be great if you could,” said Ichika. “Also see if you can find some bandages.” Ichika then walked over to Futaro and helped him up. “Let’s get you to bed. You can sleep in Miku’s room and Miku will sleep with me.” Ichika turned to look at Miku. “Is that all right with you Miku?” Miku nodded in agreement. The two girls then helped Futaro up the stairs.

###

Futaro was laying on his non-bruised side. It had been almost an hour since Miku and Ichika had laid him down. He was almost asleep when he heard a knock on the door. “Come in,” he said. He watched out of the corner of his eye as Miku came into the room. She was carrying what looked like a canister of medicinal cream and some bandages.

“Can you remove your shirt for me?” she asked as she walked over to him. Futaro nodded his head and removed his shirt. “Please lay flat on your stomach,” she softly commanded. Futaro did as what he was told. His body tensed up a bit as Miku began applying the cream to his bruises. It felt both hot and cold. “I’m not hurting you, am I?”

“No,” replied Futaro. “It kind of feels good actually.” Suddenly he felt Miku’s hands tense up followed by something dripping on his back. As he turned his head, he saw that Miku was crying. “What’s wrong?”

“I’m sorry. I’m sorry. I’m so sorry,” sobbed Miku. “This is all my fault. If you hadn’t protected me, you wouldn’t have been injured.”

“That’s probably true,” agreed Futaro. “However, I’m still glad I did it. Truth be told I would probably do it again too.”

“Why?” asked Miku.

“Because you’re my partner,” yawned Futaro. “Besides, I’m sure if our roles had been reversed you would have done something similar.”

“You’re right,” blushed Miku. Not long after rubbing the cream in, she bandaged his back and shoulder and helped him get his shirt back on. “Good night Futaro.”

“G’night Miku,” mumbled Futaro as he drifted off to sleep. As Miku left the room, she couldn’t help but feel that they had gotten a bit closer.

###

Meanwhile in the bathroom downstairs, Nino had noticed that the mirror seemed rather smudged. She squatted down and opened the cabinet drawer. As she moved some of the cleaning supplies around, something caught her attention. “What’s this?” she asked herself as she pulled out a wadded-up piece of black fabric. As she straightened out the cloth, she realized that it was Miku’s tights. As she looked closer, the smell of piss wafted off the tights. “Something clearly happened here and I’m going to get to the bottom of it.” She angrily clenched the soiled cloth in her hand. “And when I do, it will be bye bye Futaro.” The very thought of getting rid of him brought a wicked grin to her face. “After all, this place is meant to be just for us sisters.”

