A Wet Wait

Author: cplwet

*000*2023-03-17 03:19

Disclaimer: All of my stories are written with the help of AI to varying degrees, though I still write the majority myself.

The girl fidgeted with her skirt as i walked her out to the park entrance. she'd gotten lost and was trying to call a friend to come get her, but had no idea where she even was to give directions. i had offered to walk her to a spot near the entrance so she'd be easily found. she squirmed in place, gripping the hem of her skirt. "i'm sorry," she said again as she dialed her phone.

"it's fine," i replied. we stood for a moment as we waited for her friend to answer. i couldn't help but admire how cute she looked, all dressed up in a yellow sweater and black skirt.

Her friend answered, and after a brief conversation she hung up. "She says he'll be here as soon as she can, but it will be a while." the girl told me.

"that's okay," i said. "You're not in any trouble or anything, are you?"

"Oh, no, of course not!" she said quickly, then paused for a few moments. "Well, except i really, really gotta pee..." she whispered the last part.

My eyes widened at that bit of information. "are you serious? right now?"

"no! i mean... well, yeah, actually, but now i have to wait here until she gets here..." the girl blushed. "i know this is kind of weird, but..." she looked at me pleadingly "just... don't make fun of me ok? don't laugh at me if i do something stupid while I'm waiting. like wet myself"

I raised an eyebrow at that bit of news, but I knew better than to say anything about it. "okay," i said. "if it comes to that."

She nodded, a little more relaxed. "thanks..." she said quietly.

We stood there for a minute and she messed with her phone. it was clear she wasn't going to make it till her friend arrived. she glanced at me nervously as she continued to mess with her phone.

"how old are you?" i asked suddenly, trying to make small talk.

She blinked at me, surprised by the sudden question. "um, nineteen," she told me.

"Your outfit is very pretty," i said. "Just saying."

She smiled shyly. "thanks..."

I looked her over for a moment and noticed the slight flush on her cheeks, and saw her panties for a moment when the wind picked up her skirt. they were white, and i thought about how they would look if she peed herself.

She blushed. "Something wrong? I hope i'm not being a bother or anything..."

"No no! I'm sorry," i said. " I was... just thinking about how pretty you are, and..." I trailed off but decided to be honest, "... and how it'd be kinda cute to... see you pee yourself..." i muttered quietly.

The girl giggled nervously. "really?" she asked.

"yes," i said.

"well, um, thanks," she replied. she shifted uncomfortably from foot to foot, clearly about ready to do just that.

She took a deep breath, and then let it out slowly. "well, you're in luck... i think i might..." she said softly.

A shiver ran through her body as her body released the tension that had been building up inside her for the past hour. she started to shake and wiggle. "oh god, oh god..." she moaned softly.

She gasped, feeling the warmth running down her thighs. she closed her eyes and dropped her phone to the ground, her hands shaking as she held them to her crotch. she began to whimper, letting loose the flood she'd been holding back for the entire walk here.

"ahh, fuck..." she said.

I watched as she released a torrent of pee onto her shoes, soaking her socks and the grass beneath her feet.

I stood there, stunned into silence. this girl was peeing herself right before my very eyes. she looked over at me as she finished her business, her face red with embarrassment.

"um, sorry, i didn't mean to..." she stammered.

"don't worry," i said quietly. i picked up her phone which thankfully hadn't broken, and handed it back to her. "your friend should be here in a minute."

She blushed deeply. "thank you," she said quietly. "for being so nice about this."

"it's no problem," i replied.

"i really appreciate it," she said.

After a pause, she looked at me hesitantly. "so... um, did you like it?"

"Like what?" i asked.

"Watching me pee," she said. "did you enjoy seeing?"

I smiled at her shyness. "you weren't kidding when you said you needed to go," i said.

She gave me a small smile. "i guess not."

I looked her over again, marveling at how cute she still was even though she had pissed herself in front of me. "please," i said. "let me buy you dinner."

She laughed nervously. "i'm sorry..." she said. "but... i can't accept your offer."

"why not?" i asked.

"well, because... umm, well, i really need to get home..." she said.

"to change?" I asked.

"uh huh," she admitted. "and, uh, maybe take a shower."

I nodded. "sure," i said. "how far away from here is your friend?"

She looked around, embarrassed. "not far," she said quietly. "maybe five minutes or so?"

"okay," i said, nodding. we stood there for a bit.

"u-um," she stuttered. "can i give you my number?" she asked.

"sure," i said, opening my phone and handing it to her.

"thanks" she smiled shyly, taking out her phone and handing it to me. i took the number and put it in my own phone, then put mine in hers and gave the phone back to her.

"i'll call you tonight," she said. "after i've changed."

"alright," i said, smiling.

She checked her phone again to see if her friend had texted, then sent one herself before looking up at me. "she says she had to get gas, and shes almost here..." she blushed. "...i told her to put a towel on her seat."

I chuckled. "that's good," i said.

She smiled at me. "thanks for helping me earlier, and, uh, just being so sweet about this."

I shrugged. "it's no problem," i said.

"well," she said, looking up at a car coming around to us. "That's her. i guess I'll see you tonight?"

I nodded. "yeah," i said. "it's a date"

She blushed, and then gave me a quick kiss on the cheek. "bye for now."

She turned and hurried off towards the car, her wet shoes squishing against the ground.

I watched her go, grinning to myself. it had been a long time since i had been on a date, and now here i was. As her friend drove off, my phone dinged. i pulled it out and saw that she had texted me.

"so... I might bring a change of clothes with me on our date" she wrote. "just in case >///>"

I smiled. "looking forward to it," i replied and hit send.

***

