Leanne's Desperate Accident

Author: Calb

*000*2020-11-03 11:19

Leanne was gasping for air in the heated tin can on wheels called bus in this country; her black blouse was discreetly absorbing her sweat, she wiped her forehead with a kleenex. Her underwear, she felt, was getting damp, too – Leanne blocked the thought telling her it might not be sweat. Despite the hot weather, nothing seemed dry to the young woman in that cursed bus. She winced once more and grimaced involuntarily, as a warm rivulet of salty water rolled down her spine.

Her poor bladder felt like a watermelon, whose weight has increased to the point it felt like she ate a real watermelon. Leanne felt horrified with the perspective of letting it burst. Her heart was pounding, her knees felt weak, she wanted to use the bathroom an hour ago and now it was an absolute necessity. Gosh, public transportation is a nightmare. The sweaty catatonic bodies around, the dirty floor, almost a complete absence of air – how can a human breathe in the middle of this prison cell on wheels?..

She didn’t want to go that urgently when she got on the bus an hour ago. Leanne deplored her decision not to go to the ladies room at work… Besides, what was wrong with her bladder today?

“Can’t be… No… That stupid cow, always yammering about her headache, stomachache and whatnot, like anybody cares…”

Leanne remembered how she was sitting at a table having lunch with her colleagues at the cafeteria. She remembered having her pills (not COVID, of course, just a regular cold) at her elbow. At her other elbow, though, there was the silly fat cow and her medicine that she probably didn’t even need. All those fucking pills are white, how are you supposed to tell them apart?!

“Fuck”, - she thought, - “I must’ve swallowed them... God knows what crap was there…”

Her face flushed with heat from anger and desperation. This must be why she’s so close to peeing herself now. Stupid fucking cow.

Tears have moistened her light-green eyes. For the first time in her life she could feel the natural boundaries of her bladder, which has been for a considerable time a swollen aching watermelon, rubbing against her jeans.

A wave of pain made her wince again. Leanne didn’t know what to do with herself!

Maybe the cow girl has done it out of envy. An ugly fat cow like that could do that… Leanne’s beautiful curly hair and willowy figure made a lot of girls at work jealous, but to think that one of them could do that on purpose… A bump hit the road and the girl’s poor bladder. The bus finally left the bridge, only two stops now… It doesn’t matter who put her in this situation, the only thing that mattered was not humiliating herself, she decided, not letting her organism do its job. She licked her dry lips nervously, her breathing irregular and short. In spite of her numbing sphincter, Leanne managed to remain in control.

“Fuck… this is too much…”

Waves and waves were attacking her poor muscles mercilessly. Her back was wet from constant sweating, as were her panties which already felt like she peed a little.

“No, – she thought, – I cannot allow it, not now, just a little more, I must wait”.

She didn’t lose hope and forced herself to hold it for two more stops. It cost her enormous efforts, and she didn’t know for how long she could resist… Suddenly, as the bus pulled away from the stop, some idiot rushed by and forced the bus-driver to hit the brakes. Leanne and other passengers were thrown forwards - she managed to quickly grab the railing and kept her balance, but it was too much - she helplessly let out a hot spurt in her underwear.

That was not sweat anymore, Leanne was painfully aware of it. The young woman’s face went pale with horror, she stood there, expecting the worst, but her tired muscles didn’t give up completely and kept her jeans dry. She froze. Only in a moment or two did she notice that the catastrophe was avoided. Her legs were still shaking, though. She swallowed. Nobody saw what happened, but she couldn’t hide from the truth: at the age of 23, Leanne’s just wet her panties. The world around her lost its shape and started trembling together with the young woman herself, who could barely control her natural urge. She did not have a tight grip on her sphincter any more, that’s for sure. Still, facing such pain, she hasn’t drenched her pants yet: it must have been a minor miracle!

Leanne noticed that the traffic had cleared out and the bus continued to move at its normal speed or even faster, but now the young woman had to stand inside this gas chamber in her stained underwear, which was uncomfortably clinging to her lady parts. She bent forward and simultaneously lost control again - the next spurt was much worse.

A couple of school-children with disgusting smiles noticed Leanne’s precarious state and said something in the language she didn’t want to understand. Through the fog of her panicky mind, their eyes looked evil and dumb, like they were watching a funny porn video where she was the main actress.

She turned her face away from them, grimacing from discomfort, and realized they were giggling at a disgruntled old man with a huge hole on the back of his pants right where his bony ass was. He was talking to a pretty young blond, telling her she could fart all she wanted and blame him, he was drunk after all... That kept passengers entertained, but Leanne couldn't laugh: even if she did, she would definitely end up losing control and peeing herself on the bus. Still, she was grateful to him, never mind the awful smell he was spreading inside the bus.

Nobody seemed to care about Leanne, but it was irrelevant to her organism. Leanne felt her heart pounding in her throat; she thought she would faint, if she were to spend another minute in this smelly sauna. She just wanted to hold out until she could find a bathroom – is it too much to ask from her own body?! She felt another hot jet watering her left thigh. Her jeans, her favorite jeans…

For a moment or two, Leanne thought her pee was tapping against the floor to her utter embarrassment, but then noticed it was raining outside. She finally remembered she needed to get off on the next stop, and she must endure until then, or there will be a huge accident, not just a fart she could blame the old drunk for.

She clenched her legs so tightly it hurt. She also knew it would hurt even if she didn’t clench them. Ultimately, her lower abdomen ached in a way she could never imagine – all because she’d neglected her cursed need to use the restroom two hours ago, and sat at the table with the fat sheep-faced idiot who had stolen Leanne’s pills and made her swallow some poisonous crap!..

Sweaty as if from a real sauna and red to the roots of her long brown hair, the young woman prayed for the bus to go faster - and her stop did approach fast. Before the door opened up, Leanne let out a desperate gasp, as she pissed all over her left thigh again. Despite her unbelievable effort, she let out one more stream for a second or two and almost started to cry. Then the doors finally opened…

Reaching home in such a state was not an option any more, she said to herself. The pressure from her bladder was terrible to say the least. Leanne kept going down the street, getting close to her apartment block, when an unmatched wave of discomfort attacked her sphincter. Her already wet crotch was now flooded. She automatically slowed down and – facing the inevitable – relaxed her muscles. In a moment, a river of urine was jetting down the young woman’s legs. Panicking, she turned around to see if there were people watching her, but the rain seemed to have scared everybody away. She couldn’t stop either way and didn’t think of anything better to do, other than planting herself in front of the rusty old notice board, pretending she was interested in finding a lost dog or a set of keys...She couldn’t read anything, though: everything became blurry, as if in a bad dream that would not stop. There was no way she could stop having an accident now. Her exhausted body was thankful.

Rain was getting fiercer, but she could still see her pee pooling between her feet, her crotch looked like a hole in a submarine – leaking more and more under severe pressure. Her rear also felt warm and damp. She realized she would be unable to stop, even if she wanted to, and allowed herself to go freely - her face looked so relaxed and blissful, you might’ve thought she was pranking somebody with this.

Leanne stood there, slightly bent forward, as if she wanted to sit down but didn’t know where and how. Rain was wetting her hair and shoulders, her upper body quickly got soaked. Down between her legs, the wet patch kept spreading all over her jeans; torrents of pee were hitting the ground. She’s been waiting for ages.

In a minute, Leanne finally finished spilling the contents of her bladder on the pavement. She was sobbing, as the rain turned into a downpour, completely drenching her blouse and all the dry patches on her jeans. The rain wasn’t cold anymore, Leanne felt comforted – no, soothed by it. Having realized that the worst shame of her life had probably gone unnoticed, she kept crying – not from embarrassment but from joy…

In a couple of minutes, Leanne stepped into in a regular shower, although she’s already taken one. In a while, her wearied body became comfortably limp. The young woman sat down, closed her eyes and imagined she was under the warm rain again. For the first time that day she laughed like a happy idiot.

