The Wet Idol (a multi part story)

Author: cplwet

*000*2022-12-22 20:40

Disclaimer: All of my stories are written with the help of AI to varying degrees, though I still write the majority myself.

Part 1:

The idol gasped, realizing she wasn't even going to make it to the end of the song, much less the end of the performance. She couldn't hold it anymore. She had to go now, in her dress, right in front of all these people. But she couldn't stop singing, that would be even worse! She had to just just ignore what was happening and focus on the song.

She could feel herself getting wetter and wetter as she sang, and then she felt a rush of warm liquid rushing out into her panties, soaking them through. She kept singing, ignoring the feeling, till finally she couldn't hold it any longer, and she peed her miniskirt, making a puddle on the stage beneath her. She finished the last few notes of the song while letting her bladder empty itself. When she finished, she realized that a few people were looking at her with disgust, others were smiling in amusement, but overall everyone seemed even more excited than before!

She felt like dying, this wasn't exactly the way she wanted to finish off her performance, but since there was nothing she could do about it now, she decided to just move on, forget about how embarrassed she felt, and just carry on with the rest of the show. As she continued, she could see that the audience had become more attentive, but their eyes were obviously focused on her soaked underwear. She went on to do a few more songs, always keeping an eye out for anyone who looked disgusted by her condition, but no one else seemed to mind too much, and soon enough, the show was over.

"I hope you enjoyed yourselves!" she said, thinking she'd put on a good show despite having peed herself. The crowd cheered.

A few people came up to her, asking for autographs or photos, and she obliged, trying not to think about how her piss-soaked panties were sticking to her. Finally she got back to her dressing room, where she quickly washed herself and changed into clean clothes. by the time she was done her manager was knocking at her door. She expected to be berated for her lapse in control but instead he seemed thrilled.

"These view numbers are amazing! the concert has already gone viral, you're everywhere!" he said happily. She was confused until she saw him pull out his phone and start scrolling down the screen. "You made the news!" He showed her the news article, which had been uploaded barely a half hour before and was already at thousands of views.

"Oh my god!" she exclaimed. "This is huge! This should definitely help my career!" she thought to herself, but then remembered her accident. "Oh well," she sighed. "It's not like it's bad publicity..." she mumbled.

He shook his head, "No, no, it's great publicity! You're an idol, you should have no problem with a little... exposure." he winked.

"I guess..." she replied, not sure if she really agreed with that statement.

"Anyway, I've arranged a photoshoot for a new album cover, and a live show on morning TV. Oh and for tomorrow, make sure you're well hydrated. you're doing a repeat performance" he said, closing the door behind him.

After a moment, it sunk in what he had just said. she was going to have to wet herself on stage again.

But this time, it was planned.

***

*001*2022-12-22 21:11

Part 2

The next day she was nervous. The shoot was set to take place at a studio in the city centre, and would be broadcast live at 9:00am, so that meant she'd have to sing and dance, and play the part of a popstar, on live TV. She had been practicing, and she was confident she could pull off the act.

But today's performance was going to be different, because she knew she was going to have to wet herself.

In the morning, she had woken up early and tried to drink as much water as possible, to keep her bladder full. after a small breakfast, she went to change into her outfit for the show. She wore a loose black mini-skirt, paired with a white sequined top. The skirt was made of layers of tulle, and she was told not to be worried about getting it dirty. it also gave her the flexibility she needed to move around and dance. She finished changing, and headed to the studio. she arrived at the venue an hour before the start of the shoot, and was greeted by the sound engineer.

"Hey!" he said cheerfully. "So hows your preparation coming along?"

"Everything's fine, thanks!" she said, happy to see someone friendly.

"Good!" he told her. "Now, just sit down on that chair, and relax. we'll get started with the sound check shortly." he pointed towards a chair next to the mixing board.

She sat down and waited. Finally the sound engineer called her over. "Ok, you ready?" he asked.

"Sure!" she smiled.

He pressed a button on the mixer, and suddenly, all the speakers at the recording booth started playing her song, while the lights turned green. He lifted his headphones to his ears, and adjusted the volume and balance settings, before nodding and turning away from the console. "Alright then! Let's go!" he said loudly, and everyone in the room turned to face her.

She walked onto the stage, and stopped in front of the microphone. "Hi everybody!" she said into the mic. The studio audience applauded, and she waved and smiled.

"I'm so excited to be here today!" she continued, looking at the cameras. "i hope you're ready for some great music!"

She began singing her first song. Everyone watched her, and listened intently. Her voice was clear and strong, the only hint of nerves audible when her voice cracked slightly toward the end of the chorus. But overall, she did a pretty good job, considering this was her first time singing live on TV. but then her bladder twinged and she remembered the *other* part of this performance she had been instructed to do. On the second song, she looked down, and her heart sank. she could feel the warmth in her crotch, and she knew she couldn't hold back any longer. she took a deep breath, and then released.

"Uhhhghh..." she whimpered quietly, feeling her pee rush out through the soaked crotch of her underwear. She felt the warm liquid flow down her legs, and she quickly glanced at the camera.

"That was amazing!" someone shouted, and everyone else clapped enthusiastically.

She smiled and nodded, and carried on with the song. When it ended, there was applause, and the audience broke into cheers and whistles.

"Wow!" one of the cameramen said, holding his hand to his earpiece. "That was incredible! And she's got such a beautiful voice!"

"Thank you!" she replied. "I'm glad you liked it!" She stood on the stage, waiting for the next song.

"You still want me to continue?" she heard the sound engineer ask. She looked at the cameras, and saw that they were still rolling.

"Yes please!" she said. The man nodded.

"Ok," he said, "we're ready for the next song!"

Her third song was a pop-rock number. she sang it perfectly, and even danced like a pro. she knew her audience loved it, because she saw them cheering and applauding throughout the song.

"That was awesome!" the sound engineer said with a smile once the song ended. "You really are a natural. So what's next?"

"Well... i think I should probably go change..." she said.

"No way!" someone shouted from the crowd. "We wanna see more of that!"

The rest of the audience agreed, and she could tell that the show's producers wanted to follow through with their plans. She decided to stay.

"Alright, let's give it one more go." the sound engineer said to the crew. "We'll try something different this time." He paused, and then spoke again, this time to her.

"Ok," he said quietly, "i know this isn't Ideal, but this is the last song of the day. So, if you can get through one more, that'd be fantastic. then we can get you out of those wet clothes. i know the manager is insisting on this, but I don't want you to get too uncomfortable."

The other members of the crew nodded as well.

She sighed, but nodded in agreement. "I understand," she said. She thanked him, and turned back to the crowd.

"It's your turn to shine!" she said, with a big smile. She began singing her last song, and the audience cheered and clapped, singing along with her.

"Thanks for everything!" she said, before taking off her microphone. "I had so much fun singing for you guys!" She got offstage and returned to the dressing room, where the event managers had set up a washer and dryer for her to use.

"So how did you like the show?" she heard one of them say to her. She glanced nervously at her wet clothes, and tried to hide her embarrassment.

"It was great!" she said.

"Awesome," her manager replied. "We've got 3 more performances this month, and we're going to keep this train going. your little 'quirk' is making you amazingly popular"

She blushed, unsure what to say.

"Just make sure you keep it up!" he continued. "and stop by the booth after the show, so we can get some autographs and selfies with the audience."

She nodded, and went over to clean herself up after everyone left. She got in the shower, and washed away the day's 'routine'. She still didnt know how to feel about having to wet herself as part of her performances, and she wondered if she would have to do it every single show.

After some time with the fans, she went home, ate a light dinner, then went to bed.

***

*002*2022-12-22 22:27

Part 3:

She woke with a start, needing to pee badly. she rushed into the hall and opened the bathroom door to find herself backstage. she looked down, her nightgown was gone and she was in her Idol costume.

"Ah Saki! you're ready!" her manager said. "Its time for the performance!"

"but you said i didnt have to tonight!" she cried, and ran down the stairs to the backstage bathroom, opening the door to find herself on stage in front of the crowd.

"No...not tonight..." Saki whimpered, as her bladder gave out and warmth flooded down her legs. As she sank to her knees in a puddle of her own making...

She awoke to the dawn streaming in her window

"A...dream?" she said uncertainly. she still felt the sensation of being wet however.

She shut her eyes in horrid realization before opening them to see her nightgown and sheets soaked in pee...she had wet the bed for the first time in years.

There was a was a soft knocking at her door "Saki?" a voice called softly. It was Alexi, her sound engineer and longtime friend. Saki briefly considered trying to hide what she'd done, then shrugged it off. There was no sense in it, and Alexi wouldn't judge her for it anyway.

"Come in..." she called out with a sigh.

Alexi came in looking slightly concerned. "Hey, are you ok?" he asked.

She nodded. "Yeah, just a weird dream I guess..." she said, and looked down at her wet bedsheets.

"Oh..." he said, and walked over, looking at the mess before looking at her again.

She averted her eyes a bit, still a little embarrassed that he would see her in such a state.

"Sure you're ok?" he asked gently.

"I'm fine..." she said, "I'll just need a few minutes."

He nodded but then sat on the dry edge of her bed.

"I'm sorry you had to see me like this..." she said, as he turned to look at her.

"Don't worry about it," he said, " You know I've seen worse."

She smiled and nodded.

"I'm just not used to waking up like this," she said.

"I understand... this new performance gig they've got you doing has you all messed up, doesn't it?" he said.

"I think so..." she said, "I never expected to wet myself onstage... much less having to do it all the time..."

"Well, you're still doing great, regardless," he said with a smile, "You've got a lot of fans who love you, and they want to see you succeed as much as i do."

She blushed at his compliment. "Thank you," she said.

"So uhm...how long have you been up?" he asked.

"Not too long," she said sheepishly.

He chuckled. "Alright, well I should get going, there's a ton of work to do today."

"Oh, alright. I'm going to have to get ready and head out soon too. I have an autograph signing today, remember?" she smirked and rolled her eyes, "but first i have get 'this' taken care of." she gestured down at her still soaked nightgown and bed.

He looked down at her and blushed slightly, then looked up into her eyes with a slight grin. "You really should. Especially since your nightclothes have gone completely see through." he said with a wink.

She gasped dramatically and threw a pillow at him. "get out of here you perv" she said with a giggle. It wasn't the first time Alexi had seen her naked, and it wouldn't be the last, as long as they kept working together. She trusted him, and if she was being honest with herself, she didn't mind him seeing.

"Ok, ok! I'm going!" he said laughing, as he stood up and left the room.

She sighed and lay back on the bed, still soaked from the waist down. as embarrassing as it was, she was glad Alexi had stopped by. She had always liked his company, and she could always rely on his honesty. She also knew he wouldn't tell anyone, he wasn't one to gossip.

After a while, she decided to get cleaned up and ready for her day. She took a shower and went downstairs in a towel to find a new Idol outfit set out for the event, as well as a small bag with a note attached. She picked it up and noted it was from Alexi, clearly written in a hurry. "I heard your autograph event is going to go for a few hours, thought you might need these... just in case <3" the note said.

Curious now, she opened the bag to find a pack of pullup diapers in her size, a soft cloth, and some wipes. At first she was confused. why on earth would she need these? And then she recalled her wet bed. Perhaps it wasn't the worst idea.

"Just in case," she quoted, before opening the package and slipping one of the diapers on and getting dressed. Afterward, she looked at herself in the mirror. The new outfit was very colorful, and she looked nice in it. Blushing, she lifted the skirt to reveal the diaper. She had to admit, it was kinda cute, and it seemed Alexi had put some thought into this. Not only did it match what she was wearing pretty closely, after checking several angles she could tell that unless someone got a lot more than a glimpse up her skirt, they'd likely never know it was a diaper, and not just part of the outfit itself.

Satisfied, she dropped her skirt and prepared to leave for the event.

***

*003*2022-12-22 23:16

Part 4

Things were going well, and she been signing autographs for about two hours. the line was huge, much more than anyone had expected. It was a bit embarrassing when fans brought up pictures of her with pee streaming down her legs for her to sign, but she took it all in stride and kept a smile up during all of it.

She signed another autograph and as she handed it back to the latest gleeful fan in line, her bladder started to protest. the day was fairly warm and she'd been drinking quite a lot without a break, due to the influx of fans. There wasn't time try to take a break and try to find a bathroom, and she didn't want to leave all these fans waiting... with that she made up her mind. She relaxed her body and let go. She felt a warm liquid begin to soak the front of her diaper. She blushed and uncrossed her legs, hoping no one would notice. Another fan handed her something to sign, and she did so while slowly flooding the diaper, silently thanking Alexi for his foresight.

Eventually the line died down and she finished signing everything, putting the pen back in its place and taking a deep breath. She walked over to the table where Alexi was standing, smiling up at him.

"Thank you for coming out today," she said. He smiled and nodded, handing her a bottle of water to drink. She took it gratefully, and drank some of it, then leaned in to speak to him quietly.

"I had an accident earlier..." she said softly.

Alexi glanced over. "Oh?"

She blushed and shrugged. "It was so busy, and everyone kept asking me for signatures. I couldn't risk leaving, and I didn't want to be rude or anything." she explained.

Alexi shook his head and chuckled. "That makes sense. I doubt many people would know what happened, even if they did see you. People are surprisingly blind sometimes." She blushed again, but this time he caught her eye and gave her a reassuring look. "It's alright, it happens. at least you were prepared, right?" he asked. She nodded and smiled.

"Thank you again for this," she said, gesturing towards her skirt, which they both knew hid a diaper beneath.

He laughed softly and patted her on the shoulder. "Don't worry about it. Anyway, I think this calls for a celebration! Want to grab something to eat somewhere nearby?" he asked. She smiled and nodded, and they headed off to the nearest restaurant. They ordered lunch and chatted casually, talking about various things ranging from her career to his family.

"So how does it feel to be such a big star?" he asked. She giggled softly.

"Right now? a bit wet." she admitted, shifting slightly in her seat, alluding to the fact that she was still wearing the rather sodden diaper beneath her outfit. Alexi chuckled and rubbed her shoulder comfortingly.

"You don't have to worry about anything," he reassured her. "Besides, if it helps, I'm sure no one noticed. Just relax and enjoy yourself."

She nodded, and took another sip of her drink. They ate their food and kept talking. Eventually it came time to leave, so Alexi paid the bill and they left the restaurant.

"You know I could have paid back there" she told him.

"Well, normally, yes, you could." he said. "But sometimes even big superstar idols should be treated to lunch by a friend, especially when said idol... has forgotten her purse at home" He finished with a grin. She laughed and rolled her eyes, but she couldn't help but feel flattered. He treating her like a normal person. She couldn't help but feel happy about it. They walked back to his car, and he opened the door for her.

"Thanks again for today, Alexi, I really appreciate it!" she said.

He smiled and nodded. "No worries, I'm glad I could do it." She got in and buckled up, and he closed the door behind her. "Let's get back before we run into trouble, shall we?" he said. She smiled and nodded. The drive back was quiet and peaceful, and they sat listening to the radio. Saki began to squirm in her seat a bit, but didn't want to say anything just yet. Eventually though, she couldn't hold back any longer.

"A-Alexi, I need to use the restroom." she announced quietly.

He glanced at her. "We're almost to the house, can you make it?"

Saki blushed and looked away, unable to meet his gaze. "I'll try, but I don't think i will."

He nodded and put his hand on her knee. "It's okay, you can just let it go if you need to." he said.

She tried not to blush, but she couldn't help it. "Th-thank you." she whispered, looking away.

He smiled and squeezed her leg gently. "It's no problem, I promise.

She nodded. She kept trying to hold it, but eventually she couldn't take it anymore. She felt herself losing control, and soon she felt warm liquid filling the diaper again. She kept her eyes fixed straight ahead, trying to pretend not to notice the sound of it filling the quiet car.

After a couple minutes, Alexi reached over and patted her hand reassuringly. "you good?" he asked.

She nodded. "Y-yes." He smiled and continued driving. When they got to the house he drove up to her door. "I'll walk you inside," he offered. She nodded and unbuckled, allowing him to help her out of the car. As soon as she was out, she stood meekly glancing back into his car. The seat had a couple of slightly damp spots where she'd been sitting.

"i think I leaked a little" she admitted.

He shrugged and smiled. "Don't worry so much, it happens. I've got you covered." he assured her. She blushed a bit but nodded and walked up the front stairs with him. Once inside, she went up to her room and got cleaned up, changing into some fresh clothes and underwear. Afterward, she went downstairs and found Alexi there waiting for her in the living room.

"Sorry to keep you waiting!" she apologized.

He smiled. "Not a problem. I figured I might as well stick around. Unless of course you *want* me to leave."

She laughed and kissed him on the cheek. "Of course not. You can stay if you want."

"You're the best!" he said, hugging her. She giggled softly and hugged him back. She stepped back, and he helped himself to a cup of coffee.

"What would you like to do?" she asked.

"Honestly? I'm fine just relaxing here," he replied. "How about you?"

She smiled and sat down on the couch next to him. "wanna watch something?" she suggested.

"That sounds great! I don't have anything planned." he said, leaning back against the couch.

She grinned. "okay then. What kind of stuff do you like?"

"Anything really." he said. She leaned back, resting her head on his shoulder as they watched.

"Its been a while since we just relaxed and hung out, hunh." she said.

"Yeah, its nice, I'm glad i stayed." he answered.

"Me too."

***

*004*2022-12-22 23:40

Part 5

About halfway through the movie, she started to feel an urge.

"Alexi..." she said quietly, and he turned and looked at her. "I need to pee. I'll be right back" she added.

"Go ahead" he said. "I'll be here."

She nodded and got up. She walked down the hall to the bathroom, then came back into the living room.

"Sorry about that." she apologized.

He waved her off, and they continued watching the movie to its end.

"Wasn't bad, all things considered" Alexi said. "That one guy in the second half seemed overly familiar..."

Saki giggled. "I'm not sure he would like being compared to a Yakuza"

"But you knew exactly who I meant, didn't you" he said grinning.

"ok... fair enough" she knew she wasn't winning that one.

"So, what did you want to do now?" he asked.

She thought for a moment. "wanna go for a walk? there's a nice spot for a view down the property" she said.

He nodded and grabbed a jacket before heading out.

The two walked down the gravel driveway and onto the road, turning south toward the lake. They walked along the dirt path, stopping occasionally to take in the sights. Eventually they came to a clearing by the water's edge, and they found a bench and settled down. They sat together, just enjoying each others' company for a few minutes. It was peaceful.

Eventually he broke the silence. "so, what do you think about this whole thing?" he asked. "this... plan of his, I mean."

"Its hard to say." she admitted. "On the one hand, yes. I'm becoming more popular, and am actually getting offered better contracts and opportunities. On the other, I feel like I'm selling myself short a bit."

"What do you mean?" he asked.

She sighed and looked out over the water. "I don't know. I feel like I'm letting him control me. And yet, I get what he's saying. If I want to make it big, I need to do it his way. It doesn't feel good, but..." she trailed off. "I'm not sure if there's another option." She shifted a bit in her seat. "and then... theres the fact that I'm leaking a bit." she said sheepishly.

"Do you want to go back?" he asked.

She shook her head. "no, its okay. Its nothing" she assured him, shifting again.

He nodded and feigned ignorance of her need, focusing instead on the scenery. The two sat silently for a while, just enjoying the peacefulness of the setting. After a couple of minutes Saki felt a warm sensation between her legs. She tried to ignore it, but eventually she couldn't help herself.

"Alexi" she whispered. She blushed and looked down. A few moments later her bladder let go and she began to wet herself. She squirmed slightly as a small puddle formed around the bench, but this time she didn't try to hold back. "its okay" she repeated to herself softly. "its nothing"

"It's not nothing, Saki" he said, looking at her. "You're embarrassed. That's understandable"

Saki looked up, meeting his gaze. "I know... but i just have to get used to it, right? its going to be part of all my upcoming performances... and I'm getting to where I can barely control it" she admitted.

He frowned. "You shouldn't have to do this, you know" he said. "if you want, I'll tell him you've had enough" he suggested.

She shook her head "No. I have to do this. And besides, this isn't the first time I've peed myself in public, Alexi," she said. "It won't be the last, either."

He smiled sadly. "but I'll still do what I can to make you comfortable" he said.

She nodded, and the two fell silent. After a few minutes Saki stood up. "We should really get back" she said.

Alexi stood with her. He reached for her hand, and she took it. "thank you for coming with me today" she said.

"Anytime" he replied, squeezing her hand lightly.

She gave him a quick hug, and they walked back to the house.

***

Saki took another shower, and changed into a nightgown, it was getting late, and she might as well get ready for bed this time. her eyes fell on the pack of diapers from earlier, and with a sigh she put one on. looking in the mirror she blushed slightly seeing that the nightgown was a bit see through and her diaper was rather obvious, but went back to Alexi waiting in the living room that way anyway.

"I think I'm going to go to bed, Alexi."

"Okay. I'll see you in the morning" he said.

"Wait." Saki stopped him, "could you stay here for the night?" she asked.

He looked at her curiously. "of course" he said.

Saki smiled. "I just... I don't want to be alone tonight" she confessed.

Alexi frowned. "are you scared?" he asked.

Saki shook her head. "no, no. I just..." she trailed off.

"its ok" he assured her. "I won't leave you"

Her face softened. "thanks" she said. The two sat there in silence for a minute or so before Saki spoke up. "Alexi?" she asked.

"Yeah?" he answered.

"Thank you" she said.

He smiled. "for what?"

"For everything" she told him.

He laughed. "of course"

The two sat in silence for a moment longer, before Saki stood up and began walking towards her bedroom. "goodnight, Alexi" she said.

"Night Saki," He watched her walk away, feeling a little awkward when he caught himself checking her out. Once she was gone he laid down on the couch and closed his eyes. "you're welcome" he whispered, smiling to himself.

***

*005*2022-12-23 00:14

Part 6

Alexi woke with a start to a cry from upstairs. He got up and hurried to Saki's room to find her in the throes of another nightmare. He quickly sat down on her bed and gently shook her. "Saki...wake up" he murmured quietly. She bolted up in confusion and panic and he grasped her shoulders to get her attention

"A dream, Saki. It was just a dream" he assured her. She looked at him in a half asleep stupor and started crying, collapsing onto him with her sobs. Without thinking, he picked her up and hugged her close in his lap as she shook in his arms, still quietly sobbing. He hugged her tightly till she started to calm down, but then felt his lap get warmer as she wet herself again. He looked down and could clearly see the outline of the diaper swelling up beneath her thin nightgown. After she was done she slumped in exhaustion and muttered, still half sleeping, "it was a great show everybody! Goodnight!" before seemingly falling back asleep. he started to lay her back down but she clutched at him desperately "not you... you stay" she mumbled. "don't leave me."

Against his better judgement he decided to acquiesce, and climbed into her bed. "i'm not going anywhere, Saki, I promise" he told her. She hugged herself to him and mumbled "good" followed by something else he couldnt hear.

"What was that?" he asked, but only got her slow breathing in response. She had finally gone back to sleep, and much more calmly this time. he stroked her hair for a moment, thankful he had been able to help. but now he was in his own problem, trapped in her bed very aware of body pressed against him. Sure, because of their work he had 'seen' her body many times, backstage changing outfits doesn't allow for a lot of privacy, but he'd never seriously considered holding her like... like he was her lover or something. He shook that thought from his mind immediately.

"I'm never going to be able to sleep like this," he thought.

5 minutes later he was asleep.

***

Saki woke and shifted her body, very aware of another presence in her bed, and clasped a hand over her mouth when she realized she was being held by Alexi. half remembered fragments of last night came to her mind. She remembered another nightmare and him coming to comfort her "So that part wasn't a dream" she murmured. She slipped her hand down her nightgown and between her legs and looked up at the ceiling despondently when she discovered she was very wet, meaning she really had pissed herself in his lap. She remembered making him stay, and him getting in bed and then... wait. had she really told him she loved him?! was that real?! *Did* she love him?? She panicked slightly as she turned back over to look at him, and he stirred, opening his eyes to see her.

"Hey" he smiled.

"Hey" she replied meekly.

"How are you feeling?" he asked.

"A little sore, but I'm okay," she said.

He nodded and smiled. "I'll go make some coffee" he said.

"Okay" she agreed.

Alexi left the room and went downstairs, glad to have a chance to clear his head. As he poured himself a cup of coffee he began to think about last night. The way Saki had clung to him, the way she had insisted he stay with her...he didn't know how to feel about it. On one hand he was relieved he could help, because he had never seen her that upset before, but on the other hand she had never acted like that toward anyone.

His thoughts were interrupted by the sound of a door closing upstairs, and he glanced up to see Saki coming down. She was still in her nightgown, her slightly sagging diaper barely visible beneath the cloth. He had to admit she looked kind of cute that way.

"Hey," she said softly.

Alexi took a sip of his coffee and gave her a long look before answering "Hey yourself" with a small smile. He couldn't help staring at her sometimes, she had always been beautiful. "How did you sleep?" he asked.

"Fine" she said simply.

"And how are you feeling?" he persisted.

"Better" she sighed.

Alexi smiled, relieved to see that she seemed to be recovering from the nightmare.

"So u-umm," she stammered, blushing slightly and poking her fingers together, "did... did you happen to hear what I said last night?"

"Which part?" he asked

"Um... the last part" she mumbled.

"No.. no I didn't. why?" he asked.

Alexi was surprised to see her look conflicted, relieved, and embarrassed all at once. "O-oh, ok. I forgot what it was, I was going to see if you remembered" she lied, badly, with a weak laugh.

Alexi raised an eyebrow, now even more curious, but didn't want to press the issue. So he changed the subject "Well there's no performances for a few days, what do you think you wanna do for the time off?"

Saki considered the question for a minute, then shrugged and responded "nothing really. I guess I'll just relax. Unless you have some ideas?" she asked on a whim. She wouldn't admit it, not right now, but she didn't want him to leave.

"Uhhh... well..." he said, caught off guard, "Have... you been to the beach recently?" he asked.

"Hmm... Not in a while," she said, thinking, "not since that photo op last year" she remembered. that was another of the manager's ideas, having her and some other idols pose for a swimsuit magazine. It sold fairly well, but not enough to keep him happy, so there was never a second issue.

"Why don't we go today? We can get something to eat along the way. Maybe check out some of those shops downtown" he suggested.

Saki liked the idea. "Ok" she said, smiling. "Might be fun if we find one that's private enough. The last thing I need right now is a crowd" she said exhaustedly.

Her diaper crinkled a bit as she sat down on the couch and turned on the TV to watch some news. after flipping through the channels for a bit she came on she saw a story about herself.

"Today we bring you reports from all across the country of the new stars of Japan!" one of the hosts announced. Saki watched curiously as a couple stories showed about other idols, and then the video switched to a clip of her televised concert.

"And now to the very latest on our top sellers, the newest sensation to hit the scene, Saki! With her recent success, she is now becoming a pretty big name."

"Yes, Saki certainly is quite the singer," the other host began, "But it seems its the more 'unique' aspects of her performance that seem to be making waves in the industry" as Saki watched, the concert clip clearly showed her singing one of her hits with urine pouring down her legs. She blushed hard.

"Or rather, puddles" the first host quipped with a grin. "her fans are just 'bursting' for more"

"So to speak." The other host said, rather tiredly. "Time will tell if this unorthodox approach will work for her in the long run, but it seems to be working for her thus far"

"So tell me," the first host smirked, "would you say 'urine' to it?"

The other host sighed. "for our next story..."

Saki blushed again and turned the TV down and looked over to Alexi, who simply rolled his eyes and said "Yay... puns" and handed her a coffee. She took it and held it in both hands while watching him walk around the couch to sit next to her. Saki drew her legs up onto the couch as she sipped the coffee he had just handed her.

"It was... kinda funny" she said.

"It wasn't that bad," he admitted, "Not compared to others they've done."

"Yeah... Well I'm getting used to it by now" she said.

"I know that" he said, "but still" he leaned back against the armrest and crossed his arms, looking frustrated. Saki felt suddenly self conscious. She hadn't really ever seen him angry before, and she didn't know what to do.

"Oh... um, sorry" she said.

"Don't worry about it" he said, "you're just doing your job." He meant that. She knew it. She just didn't like being reminded of it.

Saki sighed. "That's not the point though. I mean, that's not how its supposed to be. You hear about these idol scandals, but... I don't know... they make it sound like it happens all the time" she said, "and I don't wanna be the one to start that trend" she said, feeling a little guilty.

He smiled at her. "Its ok" he said. "If you weren't uh, doing this, then someone else would be. There's only so many idols in the world, and they can't all succeed. If you stopped, another girl would take your place, and the cycle continues. Its a lot easier to get popular than it is to stay that way"

Saki nodded, and sipped from her coffee "I suppose..." she said.

"But still, this can't be easy for you. I want to help in any way I can" he said.

She smiled sadly. "Thanks. That means a lot. And yeah, I know. But I think its more than that. I dunno. I really don't know what to do anymore..." she said. She could feel her face flush red.

"Well, its not like you've got anywhere to be" he said, trying to lighten things up a bit. "There's nothing more important than you taking care of yourself right now"

Saki smiled, and giggled a little "Thanks... you're such a good friend." she said.

"No problem" he replied.

"Oh, speaking of help... those diapers you got me? Do you mind if I keep using them?" she asked shyly.

"Uh, sure" he said, surprised. "You don't have to ask my permission for something like that"

Saki blushed again. "Yeah, but.." she said, "if I can get away with wearing them, then maybe I should" she said, "I mean... at least I'll have a backup plan when I'm out in public" Alexi nodded.

"Besides," Saki added, blushing as she looked down at the swollen, used diaper she was still wearing through her thin nightgown, "at this rate I'm going to need them" she sighed, then looked back up. "Where did you find these anyway?" she asked, "I think I may need more soon"

He thought for a moment. "I got the first pack from a store downtown, but you can order them online. They come in packs of ten or twenty, even fifty depending on the size you order. they have a ton of colors and patterns so you can pass them off as underwear if someone catches a look."

"Online would be good," she said, nodding. "Lets take a look at the site" she added.

Alexi grabbed his laptop, setting on the table in front of the couch. He opened his browser and went to the site, typing in her search terms. The results came up quickly, and he pointed them out to her. There was a huge selection, and she picked out some. The prices were listed too. They weren't exactly cheap, but they weren't outrageous either. She clicked on one set, and found that there was an option to add a few accessories.

"What are those for?" she asked.

"They just make the diapers look nicer," he said, "they're not necessary, but they do add to the whole aesthetic"

Saki checked the price of the set, and was surprised to see that it wasn't too bad. "Alright" she said. "Ill get two sets. those, and... those" she decided. She added a couple of other things to her cart, and then looked at a different kind of diaper that popped up in the recommended list.

"Hang on," she said, pointing at a package next to it. "what is this?" she asked, pointing at the product page for it.

Alexi browsed over to the page. "this one can handle more, but its more obviously a diaper, with tapes and all. Its mostly meant for long term or nighttime use."

Saki mused "Oh. sounds like I would need help with those, they look difficult for someone to put on themselves."

Alexi nodded. "yeah. I understand its a pretty complicated thing to do on your own, especially if you're unfamiliar with it. And its really easy to mess up. Its best to let someone else do it for you."

Saki nodded. "yeah, i guess so" she agreed.

After a moment, she quietly said "Get a pack of those too." Alexi nodded, and put the items in the shopping bag, before clicking submit. Saki sat back on the couch, feeling the wetness between her legs. She'd been quietly leaking into the diaper the whole time they'd been shopping, which is why she decided to get the more absorbant ones, but she was also nervous about the other thing she had to consider when she chose to buy them.

"I'm sorry Alexi," she whispered, "but I really am about to piss myself. I hope I dont leak too much"

Alexi nodded. "No worries. Its ok"

Saki nodded, looking up at him. "Its so hard to hold it in sometimes. It feels like I cant stop it from coming out" she said, fidgeting a little.

Alexi knelt down beside her, placing his hand on her thigh. "Just relax," he said. Saki nodded "I'm here to help you, no matter what, okay?" he added Saki nodded again, and closed her eyes. Her bladder relaxed, and she felt her pee start to flow into the diaper. She moaned softly, biting her lip as she waited for it to finish. She could feel it soaking through the layers already Alexi rubbed her leg gently, keeping her calm. A few moments later, Saki finally finished. She looked down at herself, seeing her diaper had only slight leaks after its second wetting.

"Well, that's not too bad," she muttered.

Alexi smiled. "Better than I expected actually," he said.

Saki shrugged. "I'll go change." she said, getting up and walking towards her bedroom. She went into her bathroom, and took a quick shower before changing into a pair of panties and a fresh outfit. When she was done, she returned to the living room

"So, how do you want to do this?" Alexi asked, taking a sip of coffee. He was in the kitchen, making breakfast while Saki had finished dressing.

"How do you mean?" she asked.

He placed a plate of eggs and bacon in front of her. "Earlier we were talking about downtown and the beach," he said.

"That's right," Saki agreed, "Well, I was thinking maybe the beach would be the better idea, and skip downtown altogether. I think I've done enough shopping for today"

Alexi sat at the table across from her, a plate of food of his own. "You're right," he said. "We can still hit up a few stores though if you want"

Saki nodded, taking a bite of the bacon. "Yeah, alright. That sounds good"

Alexi nodded, and got up. "I've got some spare clothes in my car, do you mind if i use your shower?" he asked.

Saki blushed slightly. "Of course not"

Alexi grinned "thinking about me naked hunh?" he teased.

Saki rolled her eyes with a laugh. "I wasn't!" she said.

Alexi smirked "I'll leave the door unlocked for you, if you want to join me" he said, winking.

Saki giggled a little bit. "Get going already, perv" she said, playfully swatting his arm. Alexi laughed and headed out to his car. He grabbed some clean clothes and his wallet, then went into Saki's bathroom to shower. Saki returned to the living room, sitting down on the couch again. She ate her food slowly, watching TV while Alexi was still in the shower. She thought about what he'd been saying earlier, and realized that she was starting to trust him a lot more. She had begun to open up to him, sharing her secrets and fears.

She remembered again what she'd said last night. Did she love him? She thought about it. It was hard to tell, but she definitely liked him a lot more than she used to. She couldn't deny that part. She wondered about his feelings, if he even had any. She knew he cared about her, and that was obvious by how he took care of her when they were together. But did he like her? Was he attracted to her? She didn't know where his playful teasing stopped and being serious started.

Maybe she should just ask him. Maybe she shouldn't wait. She had to find out sooner or later.

***

*006*2022-12-23 00:28

Part 7

When Alexi finished showering, he made his way back to the living room. He saw Saki was still there, watching TV with her food on the table in front of her.

"Hey," Alexi called.

She looked up. "Oh hey" she said. "you took your sweet time"

He shrugged. "I'm a dirty boy," he replied with a smirk.

Saki smiled. "You are such a perv" she teased, rolling her eyes.

Alexi chuckled. "So what do you want to do now?" he asked.

Saki glanced at the clock. "It's almost noon," she said. "how long do you think it will take to get there?"

Alexi thought about it. "Probably around an hour," he answered. "if we drive straight to the beach, and don't stop along the way."

Saki nodded. "Alright. but first... I need to pee" she said, squirming.

"Bathroom's all yours," he said. Saki stood up from the couch and hurried to the bathroom. When she was done, she came back out and looked to Alexi.

"Are you ready?" he asked.

Saki nodded, "Let's go then" They grabbed some things and got into Alexi's car, and headed out onto the main road. The two drove for about an hour, until they finally reached their destination, which was a small town on the coast. It wasn't much of a tourist attraction, but it had plenty of restaurants and shops. The streets were lined with colorful flowers, and the ocean was only a few blocks away. While they walked through the town, Alexi kept glancing over at Saki, noticing that she was looking everywhere but at him. He decided to tease her a bit.

"Hmm, what am I missing?" he said, tilting his head quizzically.

Saki blushed and laughed nervously, trying to cover her face. "Nothing" she said.

He laughed too. "You look like you have something to say, but you're afraid to say it" he teased.

Saki shook her head. "I dont know what you mean," she said, turning to walk faster.

Alexi followed after her. "Sure you don't," he teased. Saki tried to ignore him, walking quickly to the nearest restaurant. Once they'd gotten inside, they ordered lunch and sat down at a table. Alexi leaned forward to speak softly. "So what do you really want to talk about?" he asked.

Saki stared at him, biting her lip. "I..." she stammered, barely able to speak.

Alexi raised an eyebrow. "What happened? You suddenly turned shy on me" he joked.

Saki shook her head. "No, its nothing like that" she said quietly, thinking about what she had said earlier.

Alexi frowned. "You sound nervous" he said, leaning towards her. "Is there something you don't want to tell me?"

Saki gulped and shook her head. "N-no, it's not that" she said.

Alexi sighed. "Whatever it is, you can tell me," he reassured her.

Saki shook her head. "I.. I... it's just... maybe later, ok?" she said.

Alexi leaned back in his chair, smiling. "Ok" he said, and changed the subject. The two finished lunch and left the restaurant, heading down to the beach. When they arrived, Alexi noticed that several people were already there, playing in the sand and swimming in the water. Some were sunbathing, while others were taking advantage of the warm weather and going for walks.

Saki seemed to be more comfortable now. "Wow, it's so pretty here," she said, looking around.

Alexi smiled. "Yeah, its nice" he agreed. The two set up camp near the water, laying down towels, and sitting down to enjoy the sun. After a bit, Saki began to relax, basking in the warmth of the sun. Alexi laid down next to her, feeling the warmth of the sunshine on his face. It felt nice, but he wanted to go for a swim. After some time, Alexi stood up, and pulled off his shirt, revealing a decently muscular body. He waded into the water, then turned back to Saki.

"Come on, join me" he said, splashing the water.

Saki giggled. She put her hands behind her back, stretching, and ran her fingers through her hair, pushing it out of her face. "Let me go get changed, I'll be right there" she said. Alexi nodded, and headed down to the water. He dived under the surface and began to swim, keeping track of the other swimmers. Saki went to the bathroom, changing into a cute turquoise one-piece swimsuit with a tiny frilled skirt. it almost looked like one of her idol outfits. She hurried back to the beach, where she saw Alexi waiting for her.

"C'mon" he said, grabbing her hand and pulling her into the water. They played in the ocean for awhile, having fun. Eventually, Alexi noticed that Saki getting tired, and he helped her to more shallow water, and then picked her up in a princess carry.

Saki giggled, wrapping her arms around his neck. "Don't drop me!" she joked.

Alexi laughed. "I won't" he replied. As they enjoyed the water, the sun began to set, and the sky began to turn. Some of the other beachgoers started leaving. Saki and Alexi decided to stay and watch the sunset from the water. As Saki watched the sky turn orange, she started squirming in his arms.

Alexi looked at her, concerned. "Are you okay?" he asked.

Saki nodded. "It's just... I can't hold it any longer" she said, before letting loose a flood of pee into his arms. the water they were in grew briefly warmer, and Saki felt embarrassed.

Alexi looked down at her, and laughed. "Its fine, its fine" he said, holding her tight.

Saki began to laugh as well, relieved. They let the ocean waves wash over them as they watched the sun slip down into the water. After a little while, Saki looked at Alexi in the waning daylight, and was surprised by a sudden rush of emotions. She'd never thought about her relationship with Alexi in these terms. All she knew was that he was handsome, and funny, and kind. But she realized, she felt much more than friendship for him now.

Alexi noticed her expression. "Hey, are you alright?" he asked.

Saki looked up at him. "Yes, I'm fine. Its just that... I've been thinking" she said.

Alexi raised an eyebrow. "About what?" he asked.

Saki took a deep breath and then spoke. "Do... Do you want to know what it was I said last night?" she asked hesitantly.

He nodded, smiling. "Of course" he said.

Saki swallowed. "Well... I said... that I love you." Alexi blinked in shock.

Saki took another deep breath. "I just... I feel really comfortable being around you. We're both relaxed, we can joke around together, and, its like... I can't explain it. I just feel so happy" she explained.

Alexi smiled softly. "I understand" he said, leaning forward.

Saki blushed. "I mean..." she stammered, "I just... I didn't know if you felt the same way" she said, nervously.

Alexi chuckled. "Saki, I'm not gonna lie. You're beautiful. And sweet. And wonderful"

Saki blushed again. "Thank you, but..." she said, shyly.

Alexi cut her off. "Why do you think I've spent most of my free time with you? Because, well... there's no one I'd rather be around" he said.

Saki's heart skipped a beat. "Really?" she whispered.

Alexi smiled. "Yes, really. I've been falling in love with you too. I think for a long time now" he said.

Saki couldn't contain herself any longer. She leaned forward and kissed him gently on the lips.

They stayed like that till the last rays of light vanished over the horizon.

***

*007*2022-12-23 00:49

Part 8 - its a bit short, the rest is coming at some point. there's more that's partly written, but I'm waiting for the drive and ideas to keep it going.

I'll put it here when its done.

In the meantime, comments are welcome

That night after getting back to her house, Alexi and Saki snuggled together, cuddling as they watched a movie.

"I love you" Alexi whispered.

Saki smiled happily. "I love you too" she replied.

Alexi sat up and wrapped his arm around her shoulder. "Listen, I think we should talk about something" he said.

Saki nodded. "What's up?" she asked.

Alexi sighed. "You're an Idol. I don't want to get you in trouble for dating," he said.

"I know" she replied, sadly.

Alexi nodded. "But I also don't want to lose you" he said.

Saki put her head against his chest and hugged him. "I wouldn't be able to live without you either" she whispered.

Alexi smiled. "Then I guess we'll have to figure out how to keep things secret until you're free to date openly" he said.

Saki nodded. "Yeah." She rested her head on his shoulder. "So what do we do?" she asked.

"We go to work, and pretend nothing is different. We've always been close, so I doubt we'll raise much suspicion, even with the paparazzi" Alexi answered. The tabloids had already tried running stories about them 6 months ago, but when it came to nothing, they got bored.

Saki nodded. "Okay, but... I still feel weird about us having to hide" she said.

Alexi shrugged. "There's not much we can do about it. Besides, I'm sure once you get your record deal, we probably won't need to worry anymore" he said.

Saki smiled. "Yeah, I hope so" she said.

"Alright, I think we should try to get some sleep before daylight." he quipped.

Saki nodded, then blushed "Do... Do you want to spend the night?" she asked shyly.

Alexi smiled softly. "Sure" he said.

Saki blushed again. "And... and I don't mean on the couch!" she said quickly, her cheeks flushed.

Alexi chuckled. "I figured" he said.

"Its just that I feel safer sleeping with you... because... well..." Saki said, nervously.

Alexi smiled warmly. "Don't worry so much." he said.

Saki smiled. "I guess. Thank you" she said.

Alexi's calm demeanor faltered for a bit and he blushed before saying, "Well... uh... shall we?"

Saki blushed again. "Uh... yeah, lets" she said, giggling. They walked into Saki's room and after a moment's hesitation, she began to undress in front of him to get ready for bed. Alexi's eyes were glued to her body. He'd seen her naked many times because of work, but this was different. His heart started beating faster. Eventually, she stepped out of her panties and, blushing, she pulled out her nightgown, slipping it on. it still showed most of her body, especially since she had nothing on underneath. she looked at him shyly and stood with her hands behind her back so he could see everything. He looked her up and down, taking in every inch of her body.

"Saki, you are absolutely beautiful" Alexi said, staring intently at her.

Saki blushed more deeply. "Thank you" she said softly.

"Um," She started, feeling awkward. "Could I ask you something?" she asked.

"Anything" Alexi responded.

"Those... other diapers. the ones I bought. they wont be here for a few days, correct?" she asked.

Alexi nodded. "Mmhmm" he said.

"I saw some of the same kind in your car when i was getting stuff out at the beach" she said.

Alexi nodded. "I forgot i had those. I didn't read up on diapers before I got them that day, so I bought both kinds from the store before realizing that kind was too complicated and went with the others for you." he said.

Saki blushed a deeper shade red. "I... I really appreciate that you thought of me though" she said, shivering slightly. "i don't think I would have made it through the day otherwise"

Alexi smiled. "It's no problem. I wanted to help" he said.

Saki blushed again. "I um.." she stammered. "anyway... um... they are more absorbent, right?" she asked.

Alexi nodded. "They are thicker, but harder to put on without help" he explained.

Saki blushed, looking away. "I-if you want, maybe you could help me put one on?" she asked.

Alexi blushed. "Saki... I-" he started.

"I mean it" Saki insisted. "Please." she said.

Alexi looked her over. "...okay." he said.

He went out to his car and came back with the diapers. After a moment's hesitation, he took one out and held it up. It was pink and white, and thicker than the other ones he'd gotten for her.

"May I?" he asked.

Saki nodded. "Thank you" she said.

Alexi handed it to her, then she laid on the bed while lifting her nightgown.

She blushed as he sat beside her. "This one will be easier to put on if you lay completely flat" he explained. Saki did as he said, laying down on her back. He carefully slid the diaper underneath her bottom. The thick padding pressed against her and she blushed, but didn't move or complain. After putting the diaper under her, he pulled out a wipe and, blushing, began to wipe between her legs with it. She blushed deeply at first, but relaxed and let him do it. When he finished wiping her clean he pulled the diaper up between her legs and fastened the tapes tightly. Saki sighed softly as the diaper hugged her curves.

"There" he said."

"Thank you" she replied gratefully, her voice sounding a little tired.

Alexi nodded. "You're welcome." He helped her up and her nightgown fell back into place round her legs, the diaper still clearly visible through it.

Saki smiled. "That's better" she said.

Alexi smiled back. "Are we going to sleep now?" he asked.

Saki nodded. "I'm exhausted" she said.

Alexi nodded. "Me too" he agreed.

They climbed into bed.

She turned off the light and cuddled close to Alexi, kissing him before resting her head on his chest. She felt warm and comfortable, and happy.

"Good night Alexi" she whispered.

He nodded. "good night Saki" he said.

She smiled and closed her eyes, falling asleep quickly. There were no nightmares.

