I don't have to go

Author: Cantholdback

*000*2025-08-23 02:24

As my evening plans were cancelled I suddenly felt the urge to write a story. Something I never did. It is about 5 A4's and took me 3 hours. Hope you all enjoy it, if focusses heavily on not being able to show having to use the restroom (my biggest fetish). As well as accidents, both messing and wetting. I divivded it in parts to have somewhat naturally break moments! All characters are 18 or above. Feedback is welcome, as who knows I might try this again sometime!

Part 1

Julia had just entered university at 18 years old and was determined to be part of a group this time. She had always stayed on the background through high school and decided enough was enough. This was her time to blossom. She had all the assets, beautiful long brown hair, a good behind, a hot figure and a nice front. Now she was going to finally show it.

During the starting week of the year she hung out with a group of girls a lot. Throughout the week they went to all kinds of activities and bonded. Or at least, appeared to bond. Little did Julia know these girls choose a student to pick on every year. When they saw Julia, and her beautiful looks, they were determined to humiliate her like they did every year.

Their plan has been the same as the years before. The final day the university campus turned into one huge party. Bands would play, all kinds of activities were scheduled and of course, there was plenty of alcohol. The group of girls would wear diapers all day and pressure the unsuspecting victim to not use the restroom and drink plenty. The past 2 years they managed to successfully make the victim wet themselves, one had stopped university afterwards and the other one was still studying but was known as the girl that had wet herself and was mostly avoided.

The group of girls consisted of Rebecca, Shanti and Delores. Rebecca clearly their leader, however all had the same desire to make others feel less about themselves.

The group of girls had planned to meet at 13:00 at a water fight battle. As it was a hot day everyone made sure to drink enough. Julia was having the time of her life, shooting at others, getting shot at. She had not felt this alive in a long time, and was happy to finally shine. After an hour of fun they decided enough was enough and to relax with some punch on a piece of grass. Rebecca brought some lemonade, saying how important it is to stay hydrated in this heat and of course with the alcohol they were drinking.

Julia felt assured, these girls had been very friendly to her throughout the week and this day seemed like no other day. She knew she probably would have to use the restroom soon, but up to know Shanti had always been the first one to announce needing to pee and all the girls would naturally follow.

At 17:00 Julia was feeling how the urge to pee grew. She was surprised that Shanti had not mentioned having to use the restroom and the other girls seemed to show no sign of having to pee. They had drank quite a lot by now, and although she always had a strong bladder she knew that she could not hold this inside for too long. Not wanting to ruin the fun she decided to hold her pee and did not mention anything to the girls. They probably would have to pee soon anyway.

Part 2

Delores mentioned her idea for the next plan. There was a poker drinking game and she felt like joining. This set a shock to Julia, during drinking games it was ‘bad sport’ to take a restroom break. Looking at the schedule it would last until 19:30. This would be more than 2 hours and most likely would involve a lot of alcohol. Not that she could not tolerate the alcohol, but she was afraid her bladder could not tolerate a lot more. Why did none of the girls mention anything about the restroom? Were they just going to continue like they did not have to pee? Julia decided to risk it, she could hold on. It won’t be fun, but she can do this.

As they entered the room the girls took place. Rebecca immediately saw who it was and ‘put her in her place’.

“Ow, look who it is, Franky the wetter. I have to admit, I respect your courage to take part in this game given what happened last year.”

Franky looked at Rebecca. Franky brushed it off and showed a cold and neutral face to Rebecca and the girls. She knew what they did last year, pushed her to her limit, kept her from using the restroom. She hoped they would try it again this year, and as she looked at Julia she was sure they were. The poor girl was walking rather tense and although she was trying to hide having to use the restroom, if you would look closely it was easily spotted. Franky however, had a plan this year.

As the girls all sat down the rules were explained. Everyone would get 10.000 chips. Every 1.000 chips you would lose below that would mean you would have to drink a beer. Not having finished a drink at that moment would mean you’re blinds would triple and you would not be allowed to play any rounds until you finished you’re drinks. The dealer asked if anyone wanted to use the restroom. Julia, almost with a look of panic, looked at the other girls. Who seemed as comfortable as ever, as they all just emptied their bladder in their diapers during the explanation. And Franky, who wisely had just used the restroom, looked calm but fierce.

The girls nodded at each other and Julia for the first time gave her crotch a huge squeeze. She hoped she would not turn out like Franky did last year.

Part 3

As the game started Franky managed to outplay everyone. Before they knew it both Shanti and Delores were down to 5.000 chips. Rebecca managed to limit the damage but was down to 7.000. Franky took pity on Julia and even let her win some hands she pretty much knew she had in the pocket. Putting Julia at 12.000 chips. Rebecca had drank her beers as she tried to take chips from Julia, but Shanti and Rebecca had only drank 2 and were not allowed to play. The three girls all had noticed their first beer tasted different from the others. However, given how tense the situation was did not pay much attention to it.

As time passed Julia was feeling more and more desperate to pee. Which made it hard for her to focus and make the right calls. Although Franky had planned this ahead and played a lot of poker she was not able to keep Julia out the danger zone anymore. With the moves she was making that was near impossible. And Rebecca managed to bring Julia down to 9.000 chips. Julia was looking at the beer and felt that she was reaching her breaking point. This the first time she had dared to mention having to use the restroom.

“I should have used the restroom before, I probably would have played a lot better.”

Julia played it of cool, but inside she was screaming. She had her legs in a double twist and was hunched over. Rebecca saw she was struggling and decided to put more pressure on the poor girl.

“Are you gonna let that ruin the fun? Let’s play! Shanti and Delores just finished their drinks, I’m sure you can manage.”

Julia was seriously fearing an accident by now but she knew she had to keep drinking. She would not ‘ruin the fun’ and she would be ‘that fun, spontaneous girl’. No matter the costs.

Now with Rebecca, Shanti and Delores back together they managed to get back at Julia and Franky. They were an hour and a half in and although Franky was still holding on at 11.000 chips, Julia was down to 4.000 and had consumed her 6 beers. Franky looked at the girl with empathy, as she had been in the same exact spot one year earlier. Sadly there was nothing she could do.

Julia was feeling how her bladder was screaming at her. She regretted so much having put on her extra tight jeans this morning. She decided to take the risk and unbutton her jeans, and although it took of some of the pressure she was reaching her breaking point. She tried to calculate how much she drank, but the urge to pee made it difficult to do the maths. It had to be over 4 litres. She could never manage.

Shanti and Delores however were in a similar situation. They drank so much by now and their diapers were already full. And these beers seemed to run through them a lot faster than normal. Rebecca was starting to almost feel admiration for Julia, she was feeling the urge to pee again, Julia had to be bursting. How was she holding on?

“How is the bladder situation Julia? Still regretting not having used the restroom?”

It took Julia every bit of perseverance to keep a smile on her face.

“What? My bladder? O yeah, right, I should have peed before. I almost forget haha. Just having a blast, no worries!”

Julia was looking at her hand. Then the board, she was sure she had four of a kind. With her last bit of concentration she calculated she could never lose this hand. She pushed her luck. All in.

The girls got scared and all folded, not wanting to drink more in their already dire situation. But Franky figured this was the moment to safe Julia from having to drink more; looking at how Julia played she thought she had her beat. Maybe Julia could then hold on, only 30 more minutes remained. She decided to call. As the board unfolded Julia her heart sank.

“Flush over trips” the dealer spoke. She had seen it wrong. She had trips, not quads. She had just lost all her chips. The room silenced. Everyone knew Julia was bursting. But nobody could say it out loud.

Rebecca handed her the drinks.

“Well, let’s see if this wakes up you’re bladder again.”

Julia gave a little smile, this was too much. Even if she said she was going to wet herself, she would not be able to leave. The dealer looked at Julia, and although he felt sorry for the girl he told her the hidden rule.

“If you lose all you’re chips, you have to down all you’re remaining beers”.

Fear struck Julia her face. She took the beers but knew this was a losing battle. She pressed her thighs together, downed, one, two, three beers. She could feel her stomach protesting, her bladder screaming at her. As she drank the final beer everyone looked at her.

“Ah, that was refreshing, well, at least I don’t have to drink anymore.”

The room was in shock. They almost believed her that she was fine. Even if she had used the restroom before, she had to feel it now. How was she holding on. Julia had the same question, how was she holding on?

Part 4

As the game went on, Julia was in serious trouble. She had dared to touch her bladder and it was rock hard. But the other girls, they would have to pee, right? Rebecca showed no signs of having to go but as she looked at Shanti and Delores she noticed they were sitting hunched over and had their legs crossed firmly. They did not drink as much, but they seemed to be bursting.

With the big win Rebecca came through without having to drink more but both Shanti and Delores had to drink more at the hands of Franky. They fearfully looked at Rebecca, signing they could not hold on much longer. Rebecca signed them to shut and not show anything, Julia had to be at a breaking point. As the signed this she tried pushing her own urge away, which was ever growing. What the hell was in these beers?

The thirty excruciating minutes were over. After the initial relieve Julia felt fear. She would have to button her pants back and stand up. She pulled and could feel a shock of pain run through her body, as her button pricked at her bulging bladder.

“Well, that was fun. What did you wanted to do again Delores?”

Rebecca ignored Julia and signed, once again, to Shanti and Delores to not mention the restroom. Franky noticed this and felt her rage grow, but she knew the girls had to go. She bribed the dealer to put diuretics in Shanti, Deloris and Rebecca her drinks, that, and a laxative. Which should be kicking in soon. She looked at Julia and hoped she could hold on a bit longer. As Rebecca, Shanti and Delores were planning what to do next Franky decided to go to Julia.

“Here, let me help you, see if you can still stand on your feet after all those drinks.” The other girls were too busy with what to do next to notice in what bad shape Julia was in. As she stood up she was bent forward, she played it off as having had to drink too much to fast but it was painfully obvious she was about to wet herself. Franky softly spoke to her.

“Listen, I know in what situation you are. Here is a note, it has my room-number on it, just know I’m here for you if you need a friend.”

The other girls noticed what was going on and eyed down Julia. Julia stood up completely straight, ignoring the sharp pain in her bladder.

“Thanks for the fun game Franky, maybe I will see you later. Alright girls, what’s next?”

Everyone in the room was amazed at Julia. This could not be healthy, but Julia somehow managed to keep a straight face. Right at that moment Shanti and Delores felt how their guts were screaming at them. As they both clenched their buttholes, holding back what demon was brewing inside. Rebecca showed a neutral stance but was not fairing much better.

“Dance”? Rebeca pulled it off with confidence but all the girls were absolutely bursting to use the restroom.

Part 5

As the girls joined the dance floor they were immediately offered drinks by a bunch of guys. Not wanting to look rude Julia drank it as it was offered but the other girls were being a bit more careful with the drinks. The urge grew and grew, the dancing helped to hide it a bit. Julia often grabbed her crotch ‘during her moves’ and would ‘bend over’. But there was no way she could hold on longer.

As Julia was dancing with someone they stroke her stomach. Julia felt a pain take over her body and began to leak. She quickly crossed her legs, her dance partner wanted to say something but their attention was diverted.

“O my God, someone get this girl out of here! She is shitting all over the floor!”

Shanti had broken. Shit was flowing out of her pants. At the sight of this Delores broke as well. She unleashed the warm pool of piss that was growing inside of her for the past hours. The girls ran of ashamed. Leaving Rebecca and Julia alone. Rebecca was visibly set back by this, this was not according to plan. She looked at Julia and noticed a wet spot at her crotch, she was close. That was sure.

As Rebecca walked over to Julia, her stomach let out a huge growl. She had to go, now. Julia looked at her, and suddenly it all came together. They sat her up. They had probably wore diapers or something and were pushing her to wet herself. Like they did with Franky last year! Rage took over.

She walked over to Rebecca and decided to take a final gamble. She gave her a huge hug and ‘thanked’ her for the fun evening. She pulled her towards her and held on tight. Pushing her stomach to hers and pulling her towards her.

Rebecca let out a huge scream and told her to let her go. Now. Everyone was looking at them, as Rebecca completely soiled and pissed herself. She ran off in humiliation. Julia, had survived. For now. But all the drinks, all the holding, and now having pulled Rebecca at her full bladder. She could not hold on any longer. More leaks had escaped and she could feel how her crotch was getting wetter and wetter.

The guy she was dancing with asked her if she was alright. Julia, overtaken by rage at what they tried to do to her, reached for her final strength. Thanked the guy for the fun evening and said she was gonna call it a night. The boy offered to walk her to her room, not wanting to let him down, as he was pretty cute, she mistakenly accepted. As they left.

As Julia left she was almost actively wetting herself. Her muscles were giving out and she had reached the end of her willpower. As they walked she remembered the note of Franky. She thought quickly.

“You know what, I just remember, I am gonna go to my friend, she left early, check on her you know. Thanks for walking me!” She quickly hugged the guy, who could feel her warm crotch at his groin. A bit taken aback he looked at Julia as she walked of, a huge wet spot was at the back of her pants. He enjoyed the sight but decided there that this would stay between them, Julia seemed like a sweet girl and looking at what happened to the other girls something seemed astray.

As Julia entered the building where Franky lived she had one final challenge. Getting to the right floor. The elevator had a line and Julia could not stand still any longer. She looked for the stair and ran up, she felt so much relieve as no one was using the stair. As she could feel more and more pee escape.

When she reached Franky her room she quickly knocked. As Franky opened Julia her final resistance gave up, she completely wet herself in front of Franky. Who acted quickly and pulled Julia in and put her in the shower. Julia peed for what felt like minutes and Franky was impressed how much she held. When Julia was done, she gave her a big hug.

“I’m so glad you made it here. Those girls are real bullies; they did the same thing to me last year. Did anyone see you?” Julia felt safe here, Franky understood what she had just gone through.

“I don’t know, maybe the guy I was dancing with. He walked me back. I think his name was Robert.” Franky visibly showed relief. She knew Robert. He walked her back last year after her accident.

“If only he saw, you will be fine. He is a gem. I was gonna go have lunch with him tomorrow. You should join. I feel like you could use some real friends.”

Tears sprung into Julia her eyes. She realized she did not have to prove herself or be someone she was not. She gladly accepted Franky her offer. As Franky gave her a change of pants and they exchanged numbers Julia went to bed.

The next day the three of them had a lot fun together. And Rebecca, Shanti and Delores? They all dropped out within the next month. To the relief of both Julia and Franky.

*002*2025-08-23 12:21

{{4 hours ago, holdit247 said:

Very good story, for me the messing is irrelevant to my fetish but I like the fictional scenario. I'd like to get to know Julia's strong bladder better too, if you choose to write more.

}}

Thanks! Always had this scenario in my head were someone did not want to give in having to pee, and others pushing them to the max. Messing is indeed not a lot prevalent around here but it does give something to me, hence I added. Who knows I will look further into it sometimes and thanks for the feedback!

