Cyberpunk Streaming Accident

Author: Calb

*000*2023-01-25 10:23

Rebecca stared wistfully at the ad playing on the elevator screen:

“No more paying for public toilets! Do your body a favor, let our nanobots do the hard work!” – said the doctor showing unique state-of-the-art nanobots that were meant to reinforce a squishy human bladder. Becca slapped the doctor’s face, and the animation showing a huge distended bladder disappeared. Biting her lip, the young woman looked in the black mirror and adjusted her shoulder-length red hair. Suddenly she winced, and her face became a grimace of anguish for a few seconds before the spasm subsided and let her breathe. She gasped for air, but there was little of it in the heated tin can. Her hand was clutching her crotch fiercely, as she stared at the screen again which now was showing a blinking emergency sign. “Yes, I know”, she thought to herself. Even muted the ad-screen was getting on her nerves. She looked up into the mocking eyes of a tall silver-haired girl. She exhaled a long puff of smoke from her e-cig into the vent and smiled.

- You should’ve watched till the end… They hired a model to do a pee-pee dance right before the end, could've hired you actually. Besides, the bots would come in handy right now…

- No, thanks. I don’t like unnatural things, don't want them in my body, - answered Becca, shivering, grimacing again.

- Really? Man, you’re such a technophobe for a gamer… Wait… People don’t watch your stuff for your mad tech skills, do they? – she chortled and put her cig back into her leather jacket.

- Oh yeah? At least I’m not running around the city like I’m some kind of gangster or something… “Oh, look at me, I’m Stacey, I, like, say edgy things and dress like a boy…” Who are you today? A nomad girl? A rocker girl? Or just a random of techno-freak?.. You can say whatever you like, but at least I have a stable job and people watch my videos! You’re just jealous…

- Sure, I’m jealous of your army of perverts. Normal people wouldn’t watch your stuff.

- Jason watches my stuff!!

Suddenly it was so quiet in the elevator that you could hear blood boiling in Stacey’s veins. The red-head shuddered and almost pissed herself right there and then, as the rocker girl’s eyes pierced through Becca with all the hatred in the world. The nomad girl clenched her metal fist.

- You’re such a bitch. First you steal my boyfriend and now, when we see each other for the first time in a year, instead of saying sorry, you have the nerve to mock me?! You were always like that, but this is some new level shit. Can’t wait for this coffin to start moving, I'm so tired of your bullshit... – she smashed the ad screen with her metal fist when another doctor started offering family therapy.

- Stacey, I… I’m sorry, I can explain…

- Oh, now you want to explain! You're so full of crap! “I don’t like unnatural things”… You’re not even close to natural… You’re a fake. You’re 28 and you pretend you’re a schoolgirl for these pervs who are watching you… Shut up, I don’t wanna talk to you… Jesus, how fucking stuffy can an elevator get, fucking hell.

She pushed the emergency button three times, almost breaking it, too. Rebecca looked down in shame, but the real shame would come if she peed herself in front of Stacey, she knew that. She would mock her till the end of her days, no doubt. Rebecca felt scared. For the first time in her adult life she understood that she was about to have a toilet accident. She was still holding on, but her muscles were growing weak from fighting off wave after wave of pressure from her boiling bladder. The poor young woman wanted to pee so badly, her legs started to shake.

After half an hour or maybe slightly more – every minute felt like eternity for Becca – she pressed her butt against the wall and shuddered from an aggressive spasm attacking her sphincter. Sweat was dripping on her breasts and white T-shirt, Becca wanted to use the toilet so much that holding it was close to pure agony.

- S-Stace… I’m sorry… I hope you can forgive me for everything…

Stacey stood silent in front of the door for a minute, then came up to emergency comm at the door and pressed the button.

- Um, hello… We are trapped in the elevator here, my adult sister’s about to wet herself, can you make the elevator work again? Oh, wait… I forgot, "out of order".

- Stacey, I’m sorry… I don’t know what to say… I get it, you’re mad with me, but… Please, help me. Please… Could you try to open the door… I’m begging you…

Becca’s whole body was shivering, and her hands were holding her crotch so tightly her fingers went white.

- So now you are sorry… So I’m a techno-freak But now I’m a useful techno-freak, I’m supposed to open the door so you can pee into the shaft… Right?

A jolt of pain made Becca groan loudly, as she bent over again tapping her feet. Her bladder was not simply full, it was about to pop. Becca felt tears running down her cheek. She understood that she would piss herself, if Stacey doesn’t help. Even if the elevator starts moving again, she would still need to find a bathroom, she couldn’t just squat in the garage – a popular streamer like her couldn’t just pee in front of the cameras out there… But it was either that or soaking her jeans. The thought made Becca panic and the poor young woman began to shake…

- Yes, please open the door! I’m not kidding, I’ll pee my pants!

- You’re a big girl, sis, don’t be such a drama queen.

- S-Stace… I don’t wanna piss myself… Please, help…

Stacey looked at Becca and for the first time in years felt worried for her little sister. Her scanner said that the red-headed young woman was under “abnormal emotional distress” and "severe physical discomfort". Her pulse was high, too. Stacey would've never believed bladder could cause it, but Becca’s body clearly was not okay, and considering how fast the mega-building administration normally was at fixing elevators and stuff, Rebecca would definitely have an accident in the nearest future. She couldn't allow her sister to humiliate herself.

- God, you’re such a child. Okay, I'll help. Don’t even think about peeing here, - Stacey replied and shoved her metal hand between the two wings of the door.

Becca smiled for the first time that day. Her bladder was convulsing and she couldn’t really feel the muscles between her legs any more, but she was happy she managed to convince Stacey to help out. Suddenly, Becca moaned loudly again and froze in fear, as her pee-hole became unable to bear the searing pain from her bladder and let out a sharp stream into her panties. Her heart was jumping out of her chest, her bladder throbbed. She was on the verge of complete panic, but by some miracle she stopped urinating.

Stacey was wrestling with the door, swearing like a sailor.

- Don’t worry… Just a moment, Becks… Fuck me, these doors are sturdy…

Rebecca was so stressed she was about to have an out-of-body experience. The horror of flooding her jeans and walking around like that, all her fans learning about her accident – all that hinged upon her barely functional sphincter that was about to unclench again. Becca burst into tears feeling warm urine flood her crotch, a long steady stream soaked her panties again. Couple of seconds passed, and she peed again, and this time stained her right thigh. Becca was sobbing, still holding her wet hand in her crotch, almost ready to give up. Strength was leaving her fast; she could barely control her body…

No! She couldn’t allow herself to have a complete accident. She didn’t want to do it like that, but minor embarrassment in front of her sister was so much better than public humiliation! Becca’s trembling fingers unzipped her jeans and started pulling them down. Burning from embarrassment, the young woman put her head down and started to squat indecisively.

- Becks, come on, I opened it! Becks! Oh, Jesus, what are you doing, come here!

Becca dashed to the door so fast she almost pushed Stacey out in the shaft. Stacey’s jaw was on the floor: her sister ran to the door pulling down her wet jeans and soaked beige panties on the go, leaving a yellow trail on the floor. Becca squatted at the door and sighed with relief. She could feel her urethra filling up with liquid, but none of it was escaping her body, only a few drops from her wet underwear hit the floor. Becca was almost hysterical. She was squatting at the door, trying to make her pee-hole open but couldn’t. She grabbed her bloated bladder with both hands and started sobbing.

- Fuck...Wh-What’s happening to me??

- Come on, Becks, do it already, I’m not looking, what else do you want?

- Stacey, I can’t, I can’t, I’m trying… I don’t know what’s wrong I… - Becca wailed unable to relieve herself after all the torture she'd endured.

- Sorry! Damn, I’m sorry… Forgot to switch it off…

- Switch what off?! Stacey, I swear to God, if this is one of your stupid jokes, I’ll…

- Quit crying, sis, it's gonna be okay... Just wait a sec… Remember those nano-bots? Long story short, I’m using them, don’t ask why. They latch onto my DNA, I had no idea they could jump over to you, must be some side-effect... You should be thanking them, you know, you would’ve wet yourself. Completely, I mean…

- Not funny Stace, I've been holding it for ages! Hurry, please!

- Done.

A yellow fountain jetted out of Becca, as her body went limp. The stream was so powerful it almost hit the concrete wall in a meter and a half. Becca was hosing the abyss for half a minute and then her stream subsided and hit the floor, spraying pee at the metal wall. Stacey jumped away from the door, almost catching spatter from Becca’s stream with her pants. Rebecca was crying tears of joy and breathing loudly. She finally made it. After emptying her agonized bladder, she stood up groggily and slowly pulled her pants up.

- Jeez, your bladder deserves a medal. You didn’t even need me. You could’ve cut through the door with that stream…

- Thanks, oh god, thanks! I mean it. If not for you, I would... What are you doing?

- Hacking into the surveillance network of the building, disabling the cameras. I don’t want my sister’s naked butt on the net tomorrow. Besides, the garage also has cameras and look at your jeans... - she replied jacking into the panel at the door with a chord from her wrist.

Rebecca stood in shock for a minute or two trying to wrap her head around what could've happened. That would be the end of her, and she was so close to an absolute disaster.

- Hey, don't worry, it's all fine now... - replied Stacey and awkwardly embraced her sister.

- Thank you, - she hugged back tightly, crying from happiness.

- Erm… Yeah... You can allow me to breathe now.

- God, what a nightmare… Where can I buy these "bots"?

