Bottled Bladder Curse

Author: ClementineCat

*000*2022-01-28 23:15

A large glass mason jar, a strand of hair, and a name, written in sharpie. It didn’t take much for a skilled witch to connect a bladder to a bottle.

It was Leo’s first day of freshman year and he strolled into his lecture slightly late. Fashionably late, if you will. Unlike high school, his professor didn’t particularly care. He sat down next to a tall, dark haired man who looked to be about 19 or 20- the same age as Leo himself. He had long, dark hair pulled into a low bun and he wore a black tank top with a slight turtleneck and black jeans.

“Hey, I’m Leo,” he whispered.

”Jai. Shut up, I’m trying to listen to the lecture.”

Leo shut up. Listening to the lecture sounded like a pretty good idea. So he stayed quiet and took notes and sketched diagrams as the professor spoke. It was a long lecture though, and his mind started to wander. He noticed that Jai’s leg was shaking a lot, maybe he was feeling restless? It was a long lecture after all, a whole three hours. As time wore on, he realized that wasn’t it. The lecture had begun quite early in the morning, prompting many students to wake themselves up with a nice cup of coffee. That included Jai. His thermos sat on the desk in front of him, untouched in the last 20 minutes. There were 10 minutes left of class, and he seemed to be struggling more now. Leo’s attention was peaked.

He watched as Jai quickly packed his things and speed walked out of the room the second the lecture ended. He then got up to pack his own things. A long strand of hair lay on the desk in front of him, and it was too long to be his own- it must be Jai’s. He picked it up and put it in a small plastic bag in his backpack before heading back to his dorm room. Once there, he put his backpack away and took out the strand of hair. For what he had in mind, a large jar would work best. He got a nice 1 litre mason jar out of his cupboard and put the hair inside, muttering a binding curse as he wrote Jai’s name on the outside of the jar. Jai’s bladder would now be bound to this jar.

Leo filled the jar halfway with water, then shook it around a little. He had no way of knowing if it worked until the next day, when he’d hopefully see Jai at his next lecture; tomorrow’s lecture was for the same subject - biology - and at the same level; it was just human biology instead of plants. But he had a feeling it had worked, and it turned him on a little to know that wherever Jai was now, he must be squirming.

The next day, he was pleased to find out that Jai was in this lecture too and wasted no time in sitting next to him. This class was later in the day so he was early today, and he hoped that meant Jai would be up for some conversation.

“So, we meet again,” Leo said.

”Are you stalking me or something?”

“What?! No! No, I just-“

“Relax, I’m kidding. Everyone in yesterday’s lecture is in today’s too.”

”Right. Yeah. I knew that.”

“Sure you did.”

”So… can I get your number? For like, uh, studying purposes?”

”Sure.” Jai winked at him before taking out a sharpie and writing his phone number on Leo’s hand. Leo blushed.

“Maybe you’d be interested in studying with me after today’s lecture? We can work at my dorm.”

”We don’t have any work yet, are you sure that’s what you want to do with me?” Jai’s tone was more flirtatious that Leo had expected, given how gruff he’d be the day before.

“Is there something else you have in mind?”

”Well, we could get to know each other.” Okay, he was definitely flirting now.

“Sounds like a plan.”

This lecture was only an hour and a half, much to Leo’s delight. He and Jai walked back to his dorm afterwards and sat together on Leo’s small couch.

“So… do you want anything? A drink, or a snack?”

”Some water would be great, thanks.”

Leo went to the bathroom to fill up two glasses; he was glad the tap water was potable, as he didn’t have any kitchen space in the small dorm room. The jar sat on the countertop by the sink, at about the same volume as the day before. He poured more water in, making it 80% full. He shook it again, but not too vigorously- he had kept the lid off so that Jai would still be able to pee when he wanted to, and if he sloshed the water around too much, Jai would leak. It was still too early for that. So he went back to the living room and handed Jai a glass of water before sitting down next to him. Jai put the glass down on the table without taking a sip.

”Not thirsty anymore?” Jai mumbled something under his breath. It sounded like “Not that kind of thirsty”, but Leo couldn’t be sure.

”What did you say?”

“Uh no, not thirsty. Mind if I use the bathroom?”

“Go ahead.” As Jai entered the bathroom, Leo realized his mistake- the jar was still on the counter. Hopefully he wouldn’t notice it?

But no such luck. Leo heard the toilet flush, then the sink ran for a bit, then Jai re-entered. Holding the jar.

”Is this what I think it is?”

”… What do you think it is?”

”You’re a witch.”

”…”

”This jar has my name on it.”

“It does appear to, yes…”

”It’s empty now.”

“Yes.”

”But it wasn’t.”

”Oh?”

”Don’t play dumb, you know what you did.”

”What did I do?”

”You connected this jar to my bladder.”

“…”

”So I’m going to do the same to you.”

”You’re a witch too?”

”Where do you keep your jars.”

”Top shelf on the right…”

Jai took one of the jars, then took a strand of Leo’s hair. He placed it in the jar and wrote Leo’s name on it, muttering the curse. Then he took it to the bathroom and began to fill it up. Leo started to squirm.

”Jai… you don’t have to do this…”

”You didn’t have to do this.”

”I was just curious, I didn’t hurt you or anything…”

”And I haven’t hurt you.”

”You’re filling the jar too much, I can’t hold it anymore.”

Leo’s pee dance became more intense as he crossed his legs and grabbed his crotch. He wiggled around, trying not to pee on his couch. Jai emerged from the bathroom, holding the almost full jar with the lid screwed on.

”Oh thank god, please don’t fill it up anymore.”

”Oh I won’t.” Jai said as he flipped the jar upside down, forcing all the weight of the water to press against the lid of the jar. Leo’s desperation doubled.

“Jai please… I’m gonna pee myself…”

“Not as long as the lid is on, you won’t.”

“You’ll keep the lid on until I get to the toilet, right?”

Jai didn’t respond.

”Right?” As much as Leo knew that his bladder wouldn’t empty with the jar lid on, he couldn’t stop squirming. It felt like it would come out any second.

”Please, Jai.”

Jai began to unscrew the lid slowly.

”No… please… I can’t hold it… I’m gonna pee…”

”Too late.” Jai unscrewed the lid all the way and began to pour it into the sink. Leo squeezed his crotch and crossed his legs as tight as he could, but there was nothing he could do. Hot pee flooded his underwear and started to soak into his pants. Then suddenly, it stopped. Midstream.

”AH! Jai!” He looked up and saw that the lid was back on the jar.

”What? You wanted the lid on, right?”

”No! Just- Jai! You must know how it feels to stop midstream! I have to go so badly!”

“You should’ve thought of that.”

”Please… just keep the lid on until I get to the toilet…” Leo stood carefully and began his waddle to the bathroom. It was only a couple meters from where he’d been sitting but it felt like a marathon with the pee just waiting to rush out. He’d almost made it, though. Almost.

”Jai! I’m not at the toilet yet!”

”I didn’t say I’d wait.” Leo’s piss dripped out, painfully slow. Jai was dripping it ever so slowly. Leo tried to get to the toilet to at least finish there, but Jai had other plans. As soon as Leo was in front of the toilet, Jai put the lid back on.

”Are you serious?”

”Pants only. No Toilet.” Leo pulled his pants back up and sat down on the toilet.

“How about both.”

”Fine.” Jai unscrewed the lid again and continued the slow pour, gradually picking up speed. Leo was so relieved to finally be going, he didn’t care that it was in his pants, or that the hottie from his lecture was watching him. His bladder was almost empty when Jai put the lid back on.

”Really? Again?”

”Can’t make this too easy for you.”

”Oh whatever, just put the jar down. Go back to the couch while I shower, okay?” Jai nodded and left the bathroom. Leo locked the door. Jai’s jar was still on the countertop, begging to be filled. And Leo wanted to get back at him. He got in the shower and cleaned himself up quickly, scrubbing the sticky urine from his legs. Then he held the jar under the shower spray, letting it fill. As it got closer to the top of the jar, he heard Jai bang on the door.

“Leo! LEO! Stop that! Let me in!” Leo didn’t stop. He enjoyed hearing the desperation in Jai’s voice. He could see Jai’s feet moving under the door as he pee danced. He wished he could’ve seen it all; the expression on his face, the moment he started to wet himself. But if he opened that door, it would be over. So he didn’t open it. He left it locked, and left the jar under the shower head. It began to overflow, and he heard Jai cry out before pee pitter-pattered onto the floor. He kept the jar in the water. Jai kept peeing.

“Leo! Stop! Please!”

”No.” Leo got out of the shower and dried off, wrapping himself in a towel before stepping out of the bathroom. Jai rushed in and aimed at the toilet, but Leo hadn’t turned off the shower. No matter how much he peed, he couldn’t get relief.

“Please, just turn it off. Let me finish.”

“Fine.” As much as Leo was enjoying this, he’d seen the look in Jai’s eyes when it had been him flooding his pants. He liked watching this as much as Leo did, and Leo hoped they’d be doing this together again.

*004*2022-02-02 16:38

Part 2!

When Jai was finally done, Leo left the bathroom to let him shower. He went though his clothes to find something for Jai to wear but as he was a lot shorter than Jai, it wasn’t going very well. His t-shirts would be like crop tops and his shorts would be… quite short. They would have to do, though- as fun as wetting is, sitting around in cold, pee-soaked jeans gets uncomfortable very quickly. Soon, Jai poked his head out of the bathroom.

”Got anything for me to wear, or should I just sit around in a towel?”

”You don’t have to wear anything,” Leo said with a wink.

”Okay.”

”No! No, I was kidding… here, you can wear this stuff. It might be a little small though…” Leo handed Jai a hoodie and a knee-length skirt. Jai retreated back into the bathroom to get dressed before returning to the couch next to Leo.

”So…”

”So…?”

”How did you feel about that?” Leo asked.

”It was kinda hot.”

”Really? You think so?” Leo blushed.

“Yeah I mean, you’re hot, and you pissing yourself is also pretty hot.”

“Oh.”

”How did you feel about it?”

”I also thought it was hot.”

“So you’d be interested in doing it again sometime?”

”Would you?”

”Definitely.”

“So if i just…” Leo got up and picked up Jai’s jar, swirling around the little amount of water that had collected in it over the past 20 minutes.

”Not today, my bladder is tired now. Won’t be much of a show.”

”Okay, okay. For now, do you want to keep your jar and I keep mine, or vice versa…?”

”Mmm I think having each other’s jars is more fun.” Jai took Leo’s jar and placed it in his backpack. “Anyway, I should head out now. It is getting late.”

”Do you live far from here?”

”No, I’m in this building too.”

”Oh. Nice. I’ll see you tomorrow, then?”

”We don’t have a lecture, though.”

”Come back here again, then?”

”Okay,” Jai said with a smile. He tousled Leo’s hair before leaving the dorm.

Oh my god, that was amazing. Leo thought. He couldn’t believe his luck; this guy was hot and kinky. University was going to be great.

The next day, Leo woke up to find his bladder on the verge of releasing all over his bed. He grabbed his crotch and potty danced his way to the toilet. He felt a little leak dribble down his legs- he owned pyjamas, but he never bothered to wear them if he was alone and it was warm. He knew Jai would be coming by today so he hoped that he’d make it to the toilet now; he didn’t feel like cleaning up too many puddles today. But when he got to the toilet, he couldn’t pee. He tried pushing on his bladder, he tried running the taps. Nothing.

Jai did this, he thought. So maybe…

Leo got Jai’s jar and shook it. Lightly at first, then more vigorously. He could see that Jai hadn’t taken his morning piss yet as the jar was rather full. A minute later, his hand was back between his crotch. Jai had opened the jar and it was starting to come out. He got most of it in the toilet, but there was still a little puddle to clean up. He didn’t clean it up just yet though, wanted to mess with Jai a bit first. So he screwed the lid of Jai’s jar on tightly to let Jai feel the fullness for a minute while he got dressed. He was just hanging out in the dorm today so he put on some loose grey shorts and a plain t-shirt. Then he returned to Jai’s jar, which he opened and filled to the brim before closing it again. Then he heard a yelp outside his door.

”Leo! Let me in please! I really need to go!” Leo opened the door. Jai rushed into the bathroom, still wearing Leo’s clothes from the day before. His hand was buried in his crotch and he hadn’t even taken the time to take his backpack off. Leo leaned against the doorframe, watching Jai and holding the jar.

“I almost wet my bed this morning because of you.”

”That sounds really hot, Leo. Now let me pee.”

“I was so full, Jai. You wouldn’t believe how full I felt. It was like I was going to burst all over my sheets, pee soaking everything.”

”Oh I think I would believe it.”

”When I got up, I leaked a bit. Hot piss dripping down my leg. I thought I wasn’t going to make it. But guess what? When I got to the toilet, I couldn’t pee. No matter how much piss, how much wee, how much urine was pent up in my big, overfilled bladder, I just couldn’t tinkle. You can’t imagine how that feels.”

”I think I can.” Jai groaned.

”Is that so?”

”Leo please, let me pee.” Jai was dancing around furiously, even though he knew that with the jar shut, not a drop would spill out.

“If I were you I’d get ready to go, when this jar is open you won’t have any time to spare.”

Jai pushed down the waistband of the skirt quickly, just enough to take his dick out and aim.

”Leo…”

”Okay, okay. You can go now.” Leo unscrewed the jar. Almost immediately, piss jetted out of Jai’s dick. Leo couldn’t look away until it was done and Jai put himself away again.

”So. You just saw my dick. Could’ve bought me dinner first, Yknow.”

”It’s 9 in the morning.”

“Fair enough. Couldn’t wait until evening to see all of this.” Jai gestured at himself. Leo blushed.

”Aw, you’re cute when you blush.” Leo blushed more and flopped onto the couch, covering his face with a pillow. Jai sat beside him and took Leo’s jar back out his backpack.

“Don’t you dare.”

Jai made sure the lid was on tight before flipping the jar upside down.

*007*2022-02-08 23:21

Part 3!

“Jai…” Leo whined.

”Yes?”

”Why’d you do that?”

“Do what?”

”You know what you did!”

”Do I?”

”You flipped my jar! I feel like I’m gonna piss myself any second!”

Leo blushed as he squirmed around, staring back at Jai. He was totally into this, but he’d never done anything like this with another person before.

”Okay, I’ll flip it back over.”

”Thank you.”

Jai flipped the jar back, but he didn’t stop there. He took the jar to the bathroom and filled it up before returning to the couch with it almost overflowing.

”Ugh I have to go so bad! I’m gonna wet myself!”

“That’s pretty hot.”

”You know what would be hotter?”

”What?”

“If you filled your jar too.”

”And why would I do that?”

”So that you too could enjoy the feeling of a hot, bursting bladder.”

”Nah.”

”Nah?”

”If you want to see me desperate, fill the jar yourself.”

“Fine.” Leo made his way to the bathroom with Jai, legs crossed and hand in his crotch. He took the lid off of Jai’s jar and filled it to the top, leaving the lid off. Jai felt the effects instantly.

”Oh god.”

”See? Now you know I feel.”

“Yeah, well, you’re not gonna feel like this for long. You’re gonna piss yourself any second.”

”You think?”

”Yeah, baby.”

”Baby? You’re the baby, you’re gonna wet yourself first.”

”And what makes you say that?”

”This.” Leo started to tickle Jai with one hand, wedging his fingers into Jai’s armpit. Jai tried to squirm away, albeit unsuccessfully. He eventually slid down to sit on the floor, legs together as tight as possible and hands buried in his crotch.

”Leo!” He gasped. “Leo it’s coming out!”

Leo didn’t stop. And true to Jai’s word, a wet spot began to form on his skirt.

”I’m pissing.”

”I can see that.” Leo finally ceased his tickling, deciding to sit back a bit and watch Jai release all over the floor. He bit his lip in concentration, trying to stop his own piss from flooding out.

Eventually Jai stopped, his bladder fully emptied. Leo’s, on the other hand, was still very, very full.

”So.”

”So?”

”You still need to go.”

”Yeah.”

”C’mere.”

”What?” Jai leaned forward and put his arms around Leo’s waist, pulling him into Jai’s lap. The sudden movement jostled Leo’s bladder and as he straddled Jai’s hips, he couldn’t hold it anymore.

”Ohhhhhh,” he moaned, allowing the ocean of pee in his bladder to flow out. All over the floor. No wait. All over Jai. He was peeing on Jai. But relief was too good for him to care. That is, it was too good until his bladder was empty and he realized that not only had he been on Jai, he’d been sitting on his dick.

”Oh god. I’m so sorry. We didn’t… we didn’t talk about if this was okay.” Leo tried to get up, but Jai tightened his grip around Leo’s waist slightly.

”Hey, it’s okay. I made you do it.”

“…”

”Anyway, it was really hot. You’re really hot.”

”Really?”

”Yeah, I mean you’re a good looking guy and you just released all your hot piss all over my dick. Can’t you feel it?”

Now that Jai mentioned it, Leo could feel it. Jai’s boner was pressed against his butt. So he did the only reasonable thing and pressed himself against it.

“Ooh Leo…”

“This good?”

”You know it is.”

