Poor, Poor, Belphegor

Author: Char242

*000*2019-02-18 09:01

It was almost sunset as a pink-haired demon girl anxiously waited in the palace garden. Her heart was beating wildly as she wondered if he had gotten her love letter or not. Various questions began to run through her mind. What would he think of the letter? Would he take it seriously? Would he throw it out? Would he be repulsed? Beginning to lose her confidence, she turned around and began to walk away. Suddenly she heard large footsteps behind her and the next thing she knew, there was a large hand on the back of her shoulder.

“Please wait,” panted the voice. Turning around, the girl saw a tall, muscular man with silver hair. A swatch hair covered one of his red eyes. Sweat was dripping down his forehead and his braided ponytail was slightly swaying in the evening breeze. It was Azazel. Scrunched tightly between one of his fists was a pink piece of paper. “I got your note,” said Azazel bending forward a little as he tried to catch his breath. After a couple seconds, he straightened himself up and looked into the demon girl’s eyes. “Tell me Belphegor, is this how you truly feel about me?”

The demon girl nodded, her cheeks a light shade of red. “Are you repulsed?” quivered Belphegor, not quite sure if she wanted to know the answer

“Not at all,” replied Azazel. “Rather I am shocked. To be honest, you’re always running away from me, so I thought that maybe you hated me or something.”

“That’s not true at all,” cried Belphegor. “I just get really nervous around people, especially you.”

“Is it because I scare you?”

Belphegor shook her head and said, “No. It’s because I’ve always liked you but could never find a way to talk to you and tell you how I feel. Every time I try to say something, I just get so nervous that I run away. I thought that maybe if I wrote it down in words, I could convey my feelings to you.”

“I see,” he replied. By this point he was looking the other way. He was silent for a moment. “Belphegor, I…”

“It’s okay if you don’t feel the same way,” interrupted Belphegor out of fear of possibly being rejected. “I just wanted you to know how I felt.” She quickly turned around and said, “I need to get back to work.”

“Hold on a second,” pleaded Azazel as he grabbed her arm and spun her back towards him. “The truth is, I feel the same way about you.”

“Really?” asked Belphegor as tears of joy began to run down her cheeks.

Azazel nodded his head. “You are the only girl I want to be with.” Then without warning, he slowly began leaning his face towards hers. Their lips were just inches apart…

###

Belphegor jolted up in her bed. Her face was beet red as she tried to digest what had just happened in her dream. This was the eighth dream she had had of Azazel this month and it was by far the most sensual dream she had had of him thus far. “It’s not fair,” she muttered to herself. “Why do I keep having these dreams when I can’t even talk to him?” As she shifted her body a little, she felt something slightly wet. “Oh no,” she whispered under her breath as she slowly threw back the covers. Sure enough, the crotch area of her nightgown had turned slightly yellow and there was a large dark patch on her sheets. Before she could do anything more, she heard a knock outside her bedroom door.

“Belphegor-sama, are you up? I’m coming in.” called the voice on the other side of the door. Without a second to lose, Belphegor threw the sheets back over herself, hoping that her little accident would not be discovered. A couple seconds later, her door opened and a small creature floated in. It was purple with three antennae like objects on top of its head. The creature had a monocle covering one eye and a large white mustache. It was her attendant Caim and in his hands was her itinerary for the day. “Good morning,” smiled her elderly attendant as he floated over to her. “I have your schedule for today.”

“Go ahead,” she nodded.

Caim unfolded the scroll. “The meeting you were supposed to have at ten o’clock this morning was postponed until six o’clock this evening and you have no other appointments or desk work for today. You are free to use your free time as you wish, but may I suggest going to Highness Beelzebub’s office. It appears that her office is a little short staffed today and that she could probably use some extra help.”

“Alright,” replied Belphegor as she shifted uncomfortably in her wet nightgown.

“Is everything alright?” asked Caim as he looked up from the scroll.

“Everything’s fine,” she lied. “Can you go ask the chef to begin preparing breakfast? Also, can you leave the room for a bit? I want to take a shower and get dressed before I eat.”

“Certainly, Belphegor-sama,” smiled Caim. “I will have the chef prepare breakfast immediately.” He turned around and began floating to the door. However, just as he was about to leave, Caim turned around and said, “Belphegor-sama, please leave your nightgown on your bed. I will have the maids wash it along with your sheets so that they will be clean for tonight. After all, we can’t have our darling Belphegor-sama sleeping in soiled sheets and pajamas.”

“What are you talking about?” blushed Belphegor as she scrunched the sheets closer to her body. “I didn’t wet myself.”

“That large spot on your sheets tells me a different story,” declared Caim. Belphegor looked down and sure enough, there was a dark patch on the outside of her sheets as well. Caim turned towards her and asked, “Was it another dream about Azazel-sama?”

“Yes,” nodded Belphegor.

“Why don’t you just tell him you like him already?” shouted Caim. “At this rate this old man will never see you get married!”

“I’m sorry!” cried Belphegor as she thought to herself that most men in Caim’s position would likely have the opposite view.

“Look,” began Caim, “You’ll never get closer to Azazel-sama if you keep running away. If you want things to change, you need to start making more of an effort. Otherwise the day may come where some other demon girl swoops in and snatches him from you.”

“I understand,” said Belphegor as she looked down at her soiled sheets. “I’ll try to do better.”

“I know you will,” smiled Caim. “Now go get cleaned up.”

“Okay,” agreed Belphegor as she got out of bed and walked into the bathroom.

###

Moments later, Belphegor was standing in the shower. She closed her eyes as the warm water cascaded down her body. Belphegor knew that Caim was right, but talking to Azazel was a lot easier said than done. Despite being a demon, Belphegor had severe social anxiety and a nervous bladder. Because of this, she was frightened easily and was often having to run to the bathroom. This was even more true when she was around Azazel. In fact, most of the time she when she made contact with him, she would wind up panicking and running away, often to the nearest toilet.

As she let the water wash the soap off her breasts, Belphegor’s mind shifted to the dream she had just had. It had been the first time she had heard Azazel’s voice in her dreams, or at least what she imagined it sounded like. Normally when he appeared in her dreams, he communicated to her with sign boards that he would write on, just like he did in the real world. In fact, Belphegor wasn’t entirely sure if she had ever heard Azazel’s voice, but if it was anything like in her dream, than it would surely be wonderful. Her mind then zeroed in on the last part of the dream where Azazel was preparing to kiss her. Belphegor’s touch her hands to her lips and blushed as she secretly wished that she hadn’t woken up early from that part of the dream.

Suddenly she felt something warm running down the inside of her thighs. If felt just a little bit warmer than the water splashing the rest of her body. Looking down, much to her embarrassment she saw that there was a golden stream running down her legs. It was at this point that Belphegor realized that her reminiscing of the previous night’s dream had triggered her nervous bladder to react in a way that was beyond her physical control. In an attempt to stop the yellow river, she cupped her hands to her crotch and applied pressure. She was temporarily able to stop her flow, however her hands were now holding a puddle of piss. She shivered as she felt some of it escape through her fingers. Realizing that she had seconds at best before the gates burst open again, she began looking around for something to catch it in.

As she looked around, her eyes finally settled on the shower drain just a couple inches behind her. Turning around she took a step forward and squatted down in front of the drain. Unable to hold back the raging river any longer, she uncupped her hands. The moment she did, a powerful stream spewed forth and smashed into the floor almost two feet away. She watched as golden yellow pool began to form only to slowly seep back towards the drain. Not wanting to make more of a mess than she was already making, she tried to move back a little, only to lose her balance and fall onto her back. As she did, her stream shot up a little bit and came down like a small water fountain. She quickly sat up and spread her legs as best she could. Belphegor watched as her stream’s power began to die down, allowing her to better aim for the drain. By the time she finished almost two minutes had past.

Belphegor carefully rose to her feet and grabbed the shower head. She then set about rinsing off her legs and the shower floor. As she did so, she couldn’t help feeling like the bed wetting and the shower peeing incidents were a bad omen that today was going to be a bad day. Turning off the water, she prayed that she was wrong. Little did she know at that time just how accurate her previous premonition was going to be.

###

After finishing breakfast, Belphegor made her way down to Beelzebub’s office. Belphegor and Beelzebub were close friends and Beelzebub was one of only a handful of people who knew about Belphegor’s crush on Azazel. Just as Belphegor was about to open the door to Beelzebub’s office, she heard a man scream, “What are all these Gossamers doing in here? We need to get them out of here this instant!”

“Aww,” whined a female voice, “but they’re so cute and fluffy.”

“I don’t care,” said the male voice. “You’re supposed to be the leader of Pandemonium in Satan’s absence. This is not how Hell’s leader should act. Now help me get them out of here.” Just then, the man opened the door. It was Mullin, Beelzebub’s assistant. “Ah, Gocchin want brings you here?”

“Caim told me that you guys were short staffed, so I came to see if I could help,” replied Belphegor as she began to fidget a little. “However, if this isn’t a good time I can come back later…”

“Nonsense,” interrupted Mullin, “you’re always welcome here. Please come in. I’ll make you some tea.”

A few moments later, Mullin came back with two cups of tea. “Thank you,” said Belphegor as she accepted the cup from Mullin.

“You’re welcome,” he said as he placed the other cup down on Beelzebub’s desk. “Sorry about the mess, but it seems that several of the Gossamers in Lady Beelzebub’s room snuck out. It feels like I’ve spent half the morning trying to persuade her to put them back.”

“Awww, but they’re soooo fluffy,” whined Beelzebub, holding one of the little white furballs to her chest. “Can’t we let them stay?”

“No,” answered Mullin. “All they do is distract you from your work. We’re already busy enough as it is, so we can’t afford anymore distractions.”

“You’re so mean,” pouted Beelzebub.

“So Gocchin, what can we do for you today,” asked Mullin, ignoring Beelzebub’s comment.

“Like I said earlier, I heard that you guys were a little short staffed and since I have some free time, I was wondering if there was anything I can do to help?” replied Belphegor.

“You’re so nice, Gocchin,” said Beelzebub. “Unlike a certain someone who hates cute and fluffy things.”

“I don’t hate those little hairballs,” snapped Mullin, “I just don’t think that they should be allowed to roam around in the workplace.”

“Meanie,” muttered Beelzebub.

“Am not,” sighed Mullin under his breath as he knew better than to try to reason with her when she was throwing one of her little tantrums. He then straightened up and looked at his clipboard. “Well, we’ve got a two-hour long meeting coming up in a few minutes and then the rest of the day will be handling paperwork for the summer festival next week. I’m not sure if there is really much that you can do to help us right now.”

“Oh,” replied Belphegor, a little dejectedly. Feeling a little bad for her, Mullin racked his brain for something he could have her do. Just then one of the Gossamers jumped into Belphegor’s lap. It was then that he came up with an idea.

“I know, why don’t you round up the Gossamers in this office and take them back to Beelzebub’s room where they belong,” stated Mullin. “Do you think you can do that for us while we’re at the meeting?”

“That shouldn’t be a problem,” smiled Belphegor as she gently picked up the Gossamer sitting on her lap and set it down on the floor. “I should probably get something to put them in before I start moving them. I’ll just run back to my office and get an empty box so I can carry them all.”

“Are you sure that won’t be a problem?” asked Beelzebub. “There are a lot of them in here and they like to hide from time to time.”

“I can handle this Bell,” replied Belphegor as she walked to the door. “Besides, were friends so this is no trouble at all.” Just as Belphegor was about to touch the knob, the door swung open, and on the other side of it was none other than Azazel. The shock was enough to make her fall backwards.

Azazel took a step forward and held up a sign that read, “Beelzebub, I heard from Mullin that your office was short-staffed today.” He then held up another card that read, “Is there anything I can do to help?” He then took another step forward and heard a small “eep” sound. Looking down he saw Belphegor-sama sitting on the floor. Her entire body was shaking. Azazel raised a card, “Are you alright?”

“Eep!” was the only sound that Belphegor could mutter. She could feel her bladder beginning to fill and weaken. The urge to urinate was rapidly increasing. She knew she needed to get out of there and to a toilet fast. However, there were two problems. The first was that Azazel’s large muscular frame was blocking the only exit and the second was that Belphegor didn’t know if she could stand up without wetting herself.

As Belphgor contemplated her options, Azazel reached out one hand while holding a card in the other which read, “Let me help you up.” Belphegor wanted to take his hand, but the very thought of it caused a shooting pain to reverberate throughout her rapidly filling bladder. The sudden jolt was enough to make her body recoil a bit from Azazel’s hand. She could feel tears welling up in her eyes from the pain that her nearly full bladder was creating.

Suddenly before Belphegor knew what was happening, she was lifted into the air. Looking down, she saw that Beelzebub had picked her up and was now hoisting her above her head. “Please get out of the way,” ordered Beelzebub as she stared as Azazel. A shocked Azazel did as he was told. The moment he did, Beelzebub ran out of the room still carrying Belphegor. As she ran down the hall, she said “Don’t worry Gocchin, I won’t let you wet yourself in front of him.”

“Thank you, Bell,” moaned Belphegor as she desperately tried to hold the flood waters back.

###

Meanwhile back in Beelzebub’s office, Mullin and Azazel were left in shock at what they had just witnessed. While both of them knew that Beelzebub had gorilla like strength, neither of them had expected to see anything like that. “Well, that was unexpected,” said Mullin attempting to break the awkward silence. Although in truth, he knew the real reason why Beelzebub carried Belphegor off like that was because the poor girl looked like she was about to have an accident. While he felt bad for her, he was also secretly grateful that he wasn’t going to have to explain a messy carpet to the maids who cleaned the office each night. As he turned his attention to Azazel, he saw a sad faraway look in the man’s eyes. “Hey bro, is everything all right?”

Azazel turned towards Mullin with a sign that read, “It looks like I scared her again.” He then held up another card that read, “Am I really that scary?”

“You’re not scary at all,” replied Mullin. “While you might look like a grizzly, you’ve got the heart of a teddy bear.”

“Do you think Belphegor hates me?” scribbled Azazel on of the cards.

“I don’t,” answered Mullin in an attempt to cheer up his friend. “She’s a shy girl and I think she tends to get startled easily. I bet the more time you spend around her, the less startled she’ll become to the point you’ll be able to talk to each other.”

“You really think so?” wrote Azazel.

“Of course, bro,” smiled Mullin, although in truth he couldn’t help wondering why Belphegor seemed to react that way around Azazel. Suddenly Mullin remembered something important that he needed taken care of. Pulling something out of his pocket, he asked, “Hey bro, can you do me a favor?”

###

The moment that Beelzebub and Belphegor entered the bathroom, Beelzebub threw Belphegor into the bathroom’s first open stall and closed the door for her. She the proceeded to patiently wait outside the stall for her friend. Inside the stall Belphegor backed up to the toilet and lifted her skirt. She then grabbed hold of her panties and began to pull them down while slowly lowering herself towards the toilet seat. Suddenly she felt the dam give way and a spurt of pee splashed against her blue and white striped panties. Realizing that it was now or never, she yanked them down as fast as she could. While she was able to get them down fast enough to avoid soaking her panties any further, she wasn’t fast enough to sit down. The moment she yanked down her partially soiled panties, a huge blast of urine shot backwards and splashed all over the toilet seat and parts of the floor behind her. No longer able to sit, all she could do was try to hover over the toilet.

Meanwhile outside the stall, Beelzebub could hear the loud hissing of Belphegor’s piss stream as it sprayed places other than the inside of the toilet. Just the sound of it was enough to make Beelzebub have to go. She walked over to the second stall, opened the door, and saw that the toilet was wrapped in tarp with a sign that said out of order. She then walked over to the third, and last stall, only to find the same situation. Not having much choice, Beelzebub went back over to the first stall where her friend was and did her best to patiently wait for her to come out. About a minute and a half later, Belphegor’s stream was still going strong and showed no signs of giving up. Nearing her limit, Beelzebub pounded the side of her fist into the door and said, “Gocchin, how much longer are you going to be in there? I really need to go too.”

“It might be a while,” Belphegor called back. “Just use one of the other two stalls.”

“I can’t. The toilets in them are both broken, and I really need to go. Please hurry up.”

“I’ll try,” replied Belphegor. Another thirty seconds passed and, in that time, it seemed like Belphegor’s stream was only getting stronger.

Unable to take it anymore, Beelzebub whispered to herself, “I’ll just use the sink.” She then hustled over to the sink, hiked up her dress, pulled down her pink panties, and hoisted herself onto the sink without a second to spare. A second after hopping onto the sink, she felt her bladder give way, and cascade of greenish yellow water began flowing out of her and into the white porcelain sink below. “Thank God,” she whispered to herself as her muscles began to relax.

It was right about then that Belphegor finished up. The moment she did, she could hear a second pee stream. Having been told that the other two toilets were out of order, Belphegor began to wonder where else someone could possibly pee in this room. Curiosity getting the best of her, Belphegor leaned forward and opened the door a bit. She was shocked by what she saw. Several feet away from her was her best friend with her dress hiked up, panties around her ankles, pissing in a sink. Belphegor couldn’t help but stare at the stream coming out from between her friend’s legs.

“Do you think you could stop staring?” asked Beelzebub when she finally noticed Belphegor.

“I’m sorry,” blushed Belphegor as she slammed the stall door shut. She then turned toward the toilet to assess the damage that she had done. Sure enough, the toilet seat was covered with piss, some of it beginning to run down the sides of the toilet and into the small puddles that had formed on the floor towards the back of the toilet. As she looked closer she found that she had even managed to hit the back wall. Unable to take the guilt of having made such a mess, she grabbed some toilet paper and began mopping up her urine.

About a moment and a half later, she heard a knock on the stall door. “Hey Gocchin, is everything all right in there?”

“Everything’s fine,” replied Belphegor as she finished wiping up the last few drops of her mess.

“Did you wet yourself any?”

“A little,” admitted Belphegor. “But it’s alright. I always carry a spare set of panties in my skirt pocket just in case something like this happens.” Belphegor then proceeded to remove her slightly soiled panties, rolled them in some toilet paper and stuffed them in one of her skirt pockets. From the other skirt pocket, she pulled out her backup pair and quickly put them on before exiting the stall. She then walked over to one of the sinks that Beelzebub hadn’t peed in and began to wash her hands.

“Hey Gocchin, you were acting a bit stranger than usual today around Azazel. Did something happen?”

“Last night I had a dream that he and I were in the palace garden and that he confessed his love to me. Then just before the dream ended, he tried to kkkk kkkiss me.”

“And did you wake up wet?” asked Beelzebub rather bluntly.

“If you’re asking if I urinated myself, then yes,” blushed Belphegor at her friend’s crude phrasing.

“What else could I mean?” questioned a rather dense Beelzebub.

“Never mind,” said Belphegor. She then looked at the ground as tears began to fill her eyes. A split second later, she felt the warm embrace of her friend.

“It’s okay, Gocchin. Please tell me what’s really bothering you.”

“It’s just that I’m getting tired of these reoccurring dreams of Azazel,” she sniffled

“But don’t you like him?”

“I do, but that’s not the issue.”

“Then what is it?” asked an extremely confused Beelzebub.

“The issue is that those dreams are a painful reminder of what can never be,” she sobbed. Suddenly Beelzebub released her embrace and rested her hands on Belphegor’s shoulders.

“Look Gocchin, you can’t say something can never be until you give it you’re all. Right now you haven’t done that yet. You still have a chance. All you have to do is find the courage to take it. Who knows, maybe he feels the same way. And if he doesn’t, I will be a shoulder for you to cry on.” Beelzebub then turned her head and softly whispered under her breath, “But if he rejects you and makes you cry, I swear I’ll rip his balls off and give them to Cerberus as a chew toy.” As she said it, somewhere in the palace a shiver ran down Azazel’s spine.

“Thank you for your encouragement,” smiled Belphegor as she wiped away the last of her tears.

“Do you want me to walk you back to my office?” asked Beelzebub.

“No, I think I’m going to stay here and clean up my face a little. I don’t want to go back out there looking like a crying mess.”

“Are you sure?”

“Yes,” replied Belphegor. “Besides, if you don’t hurry, you’re going to be late for you’re meeting and Mullin’s going to get mad at you.”

“Fine,” muttered a clearly disappointed Beelzebub. It was clear by her reaction that she was looking for an excuse to put off going to the meeting. Just as she was about to leave the bathroom, she turned around and walked back over to Belphegor. “Hey Gocchin, can you do me a favor? If you get done early with rounding up the Gossamers in my office and need something to do, could you go to the storage room in the basement of the palace and get me the materials on this list?” Beelzebub than handed her a list.

“Alright,” agreed Belphegor as she looked over the list.

“Thank you,” said Beelzebub as she gave her friend one more hug. “I’ll get going now. Let me know right away if you need anything.” And with that, Beelzebub left the bathroom and began making her way to her meeting.

As soon as Beelzebub left, Belphegor began splashing cold water on her face. She then took a couple deep breaths and looked at herself in the mirror. “No matter what happens, you have to keep trying, otherwise nothing is ever going to change,” she told herself. She then turned around and exited the bathroom. As she made her way to her office to go find a box to put the Gossamers in, she couldn’t help but think about how much bad luck she had had that morning. In an attempt to be positive, she told herself that since she had already started her day at the bottom, the only place left to go was up. Of course, what she didn’t realize at the time was that there was still plenty of room to fall before hitting the bottom and that this was only the beginning of what would be an awful day.

To be continued….

*002*2019-10-29 03:12

Here is the second part of the story. It just now occurred to me that I never mentioned that this was a fan-fiction based on the mange and anime series As Miss Beelzebub Likes. Please enjoy and feel free to tell me what you think as I'm always looking for constructive feedback.

Part 2

Not long after the bathroom incident, Belphegor reentered Beelzebub’s office. In the demon girl’s hands was a large cardboard box. She placed the box on the floor and began to gently round up the white furballs that had invaded the office. It took her almost half an hour to catch them. “That should be the last of them,” smiled Belphegor as she gently placed the last Gossamer in the box. Belphegor rose to her feet, grabbed the box, and exited the office. Making her way to Beelzebub’s room with the box of fluffballs, Belphegor couldn’t help but me mesmerized by how cute these little creatures were.

Several minutes later, Belphegor was in Beelzebub’s room. Carefully tipping the box over on Beelzebub’s bed, she watched as the little white creatures scurried out of the box. “You guys are so adorable,” she giggled as the creatures swarmed around her and began to rub their fluffy bodies against her. Picking one of the little creatures up, she said, “I’m sure Azazel would love to be a part of this.”

Even though Belphegor hardly spoke to Azazel due to her extreme shyness, she would still occasionally watch him from a distance. It was through her observations that she had realized that the large, muscular demon had a soft side for cute things. She had even observed him a few times in the palace garden trying to pet the Gossamers only to have the creatures recoil due to his intimidating stature. Yet even when these creatures ran from him, he would never get angry. Instead Azazel would offer a small understanding smile filled with both warmth and hints of sadness before leaving the creatures be.

Belphegor had also observed how truly kind Azazel was. He always seemed willing to help out both friends and strangers when he could, and he never complained. He also expressed concern for others when they were sick, hurt, or upset. Azazel even expressed concern for her even though she was always running away from him. In fact, it seemed like a miracle that he was even nice to her at all given how much it must have hurt his feelings to watch her run from him without an explanation as to why. As that last thought crossed her mind, she couldn’t stop thinking about how cruel it must have seemed to constantly run from him.

Gently squeezing the Gossamer against her chest, she whispered to herself “I really am awful, aren’t I?” As tears began to roll down her eyes once more, several of the Gossamers gathered around her and nuzzled up against her face. “Thank you,” she softly said as she wiped the tears from her eyes.

###

While Belphegor was busy dealing with the Gossamers, Azazel was transporting large boxes of documents to a large storage room beneath the palace as a favor to Mullin and Beelzebub. It had taken him several trips, but he was now carrying the last of the boxes. As he walked down the steps to the underground storage room, he couldn’t stop thinking about his interaction with Belphegor earlier. While he was used to her running away from him, it still didn’t hurt any less. However, her reaction to him today seemed a little more severe than usual. The more he thought about it, the more he wondered if he was really that scary and whether he could ever be around Belphegor without her running away in terror.

Arriving at the storage room, Azazel placed the last box on top of the pile he had made outside the large door. Fishing into his jacket pocket, he pulled out a small bottle of water and took a swig. Placing the bottle back into his pocket, he then pulled out a silver key and inserted it into the door. As he opened the door, he couldn’t help but notice how heavy it was, even for a demon like him. This made sense as this particular storage room was built to house important documents and was designed to keep those with less savory motives out.

Azazel was just getting ready to grab the first box when he remembered Mullin’s warning. “The door to the storage room is heavy and does not always stay open. There should be a large wooden beam against the wall inside the storage room. Be sure to use it to prop open the door so you don’t get locked in.” Taking Mullin’s words to heart, Azazel peeked his head inside the storage room and saw the large beam leaning against the wall. Azazel quickly propped it up against the door. Just as he was getting ready to exit the room, he noticed a lantern hanging on the wall. “Surely this will come in handy later,” he thought to himself as he exited the room. He then set about grabbing the boxes and bringing them into the room one by one.

###

After composing herself, Belphegor left Beelzebub’s room and began making her way towards the palace basement. In her hands was a long list of books and documents that had been placed in the underground storage room for safe keeping. It was now her job to retrieve the documents and bring them back to Beelzebub. As she examined the list, Belphegor soon became enraptured by Beelzebub’s neat and eloquent handwriting. By the time she looked up from the paper, she had already reached the entrance to the storage room.

The first thing she noticed was that the door was wide open and that there was a large beam of wood almost twice her size leaning up against it. The second thing she noticed was that the room was rather dark with only a faint glow towards what Belphegor could only assume was the back of the room. Beginning to get a little nervous, she quietly called out, “Is anybody in here?” She waited for a response, but nothing came. Her legs began to quiver as she looked on into the dark room. While the darkness was a little intimidating, what terrified her the most was the thought that somebody could be in there waiting to jump out at her. The more she thought about it, the stronger the slight tingling sensation in bladder grew. She didn’t want to go inside. She wanted to run away as quickly as possible. “I can’t do this,” she whimpered, “I’m just too scared.”

Just as Belphegor was about to turn around and leave, words that Beelzebub had once told her began to echo through her head, “You can’t change if you don’t make the effort. It’s alright to be scared, but you can’t let that fear control you. You are so much stronger than you give yourself credit for Gocchin. You just have to believe in yourself.” Taking Beelzebub’s words to heart, Belphegor took a couple of deep breathes, straightened up, and walked into the room.

“This isn’t so bad,” she said in a trembling voice as she took another couple steps further in. She could feel her bladder beginning to fill up again, but even still she was determined to see this through. After all, what were the chances that someone would be in here waiting to scare her. Suddenly she heard a large thunk followed by the sound of heavy footsteps. It was coming from further back in the room. Then much to Belphegor’s horror, the dim glow towards the back of the room began to grow brighter and appeared to be moving closer to her. “Sttt…Stay baba…back,” she uttered in an almost inaudible voice. But still the light drew closer. It was about ten feet away from her and closing in.

“NOOOO!!!” she screamed as she took a step back and tripped over the piece of lumber propping open the door. Just as she jumped to her feet, she heard a loud cracking sound. Belphegor had just enough time to look to the side of her as the heavy door pushed the now crumbling beam towards her. Suddenly she felt something large push her out of the way. A split second later a loud bang echoed throughout the room.

Opening her eyes, Belphegor could see a small lantern on the floor a few feet away from her. Its light was beginning to grow dimmer. As her eyes shifted towards the ceiling above her, she noticed for the first time that there was someone directly above her. It was Azazel and much to her shock, he had thrown himself in between her and the broken beam. “Eep!” squeaked Belphegor as she quickly squirmed her way out from underneath him.

Once Belphegor was safely out of harm’s way, Azazel pushed the broken beam off to the side. He then proceeded to hold up one of his sign cards with the words scribbled, “Are you all right?” Belphegor was so startled that she couldn’t speak. All she could muster was a simple nod. “That’s good. I’m glad,” read another card. Azazel then stood up and walked over to the closed door. Grabbing the handle, he tried to open the door, but found that it wouldn’t budge.

From behind him a trembling voice asked, “Are we stuck in here?”

Azazel nodded his head. He then turned back towards Belphegor with a card that read, “But I’m sure there’s nothing to worry about. Someone will realize we’re gone and come looking for us sooner or later.” He then held up another card that read, “Let’s just try to keep calm until then.” As he put the card down, he noticed for the first time that Belphegor had crawled further back into the room. Her entire body was shaking. “This isn’t good,” he thought to himself. “I’m sure I’m the last person she would want to be stuck with.”

As Belphegor’s entire body trembled, she found herself feeling both happy and nervous at the same time. She was happy because she was getting to spend some time alone with Azazel. However, she was also nervous about being trapped in a room with him all by herself. The more she thought about it, the more she had to pee. Suddenly it dawned on her that there was no bathroom in here and that the storage room was so out of the way that it would be unlikely that anyone would find them in the next couple hours. With the way her bladder was filling up, there was no way she could wait a few hours until they were found. She had maybe minutes at best.

As she rose to her feet, she felt cruel reality begin to set in. She squirmed as she felt a warm burst of pee dampen the front of her panties. She quickly placed her hands to her crotch and squeezed her legs together as tightly as she could. As she did so, she could feel the raging waters building in her bladder. She knew it was coming and if something didn’t happen fast, a disaster would surely ensue. “Why did this have to happen now?” she mumbled to herself as she desperately fought against the call of nature.

Noticing Belphegor’s discomfort, Azazel held up a card that read, “Is everything alright?” Belphegor didn’t respond. Azazel then took a few steps towards her.

Suddenly Belphegor recoiled and whimpered, “Please stay back.” Another spurt of pee seeped out, only this time it was bigger than the last. She was losing control.

As Azazel looked at her, he couldn’t help but notice a small drop of something running down Belphegor’s leg. At first he thought it could be sweat, but as it made its way farther down her leg, he noticed that the droplet had a slight yellow tint to it. Azazel’s eyes grew wide as he put two and two together. “She must be so scared of me that she’s about to wet herself,” he thought. As he watched the poor girl squirm uncomfortably, he decided he needed to do something to help her relieve her discomfort and fast. It was then that he remembered the small bottle of water in his jacket pocket. Without a moment’s hesitation, he took out the bottle, removed the cap, and chugged the remains of the bottle. He then carefully inched close to Belphegor and held out the bottle. The pink haired demon had a confused look on her face. It was then that Azazel held up a card that said, “If you really need to go, you can use this bottle.”

“Are you crazy!?” screamed an embarrassed Belphegor as she took a step back from him, “There’s no way I can do that!” Suddenly another spurt leaked into her panties and this time, she could feel small drops starting to roll down her legs.

“You look like you’re about to wet yourself,” scribbled Azazel on one of the cards.

“I’m fine,” lied Belphegor as she moved her hands away from her crotch and looked down towards the ground. “I can hold out a little longer.” Suddenly Azazel leaned forward and forced the bottle into her hands. Before Belphegor could protest, Azazel turned his back to her, walked over to the door and sat down. He then cupped his large hands over his ears. It took a few seconds for Belphegor to realize what Azazel was doing. As Belphegor stared at the bottle in her hands, she wondered if she would be able to do it. Her answer came when she felt another spurt slip out. She knew instantly that the flood gates were seconds away from breaking and there would be nothing she could do to stop the raging waters when that happened.

Mustering up what courage she had, she called out, “Azazel, if you can hear me, turn around.” Azazel didn’t budge. Satisfied that he wouldn’t hear anything, Belphegor slowly lifted up her skirt. She then slowly lowered her now soiled panties. Her hands trembling, she placed the bottle into position and took a few deep breaths. She winced as she felt the first warm spurt spill out of her and into the bottle. Then came another spurt and then another until a full stream was running forth into the bottle. Belphegor could feel the outer sides of the bottle grow warmer as her urine filled the insides. Looking down, she could see that the overturned lantern was casting light onto the bottle, giving the bottle’s contents a slight golden glow. Belphegor thought it was sort of pretty.

About a half a minute later, Belphegor began to realize that the bottle was filling up too quickly and that if she didn’t stop, it was going to overflow. Using all her willpower, she managed to cut off her stream just as her piss neared the top of the bottle. Belphegor removed the bottle from between her legs and capped it. She then placed it on the ground. Lifting up her skirt and leaning her head down, she noticed that her inner thighs were a bit wet. Belphegor completely removed her panties and used the dry parts to wipe herself down. She then lowered her skirt back into its normal position. As she did so, she cringed a little as the slightly wet part of her skirt touched her bare skin. While she didn’t like it, she still found it more preferable than wearing soaked panties. She placed the dirty panties in her skirt pocket before walking over to Azazel and tapping him on the shoulder.

Turning around, he held up a card that read, “Are you feeling better now?”

“Much,” replied, Belphegor as she blushed and looked off to the side. However, she still felt that her bladder was about half full. Unfortunately, there wasn’t much she could do about that right now. Then from the corner of her eye, she noticed that Azazel’s cheeks were bright red, and he was avoiding looking at her. Looking down, Belphegor quickly realized why. From where Azazel was sitting, he could probably see up her skirt. “EEP!” cried Belphegor as she pushed her skirt down and jumped back. Belphegor could feel her bladder beginning to fill again.

Azazel rose to his feet and held up a sign that read, “We should probably try to get out of here as soon as possible.”

“How?” asked Belphegor.

“I think I might be able to knock the door down,” scribbled Azazel onto a new card. “It would be safer for you if you took a few steps back,” read the next card. Belphegor did as she was told. She watched as Azazel backed up a few steps before running full force at the door. A huge bang echoed throughout the room as his shoulder collided with the door. But it did not budge. Azazel backed up and tried it again. Nothing. He tried again and again, but the door would not budge. After the fifth try, he backed away from the door. Slamming it with his body wasn’t going to work. He needed something harder.

Looking around, he saw a large piece of the broken lumber block he had used to prop open the door. Picking it up he walked over to the door and began ramming it with the block. He managed to ram it about ten times before he dropped the block and fell to one knee. Azazel cradled his dominant shoulder and panted as sweat began beading down his face. Suddenly he felt a hand on his shoulder, and turning around, he saw Belphegor right behind him. Her body was trembling, and her face was full of concern.

“Are you okay?” she asked.

“It’s my shoulder,” he wrote down on a card.

“Remove you jacket and lift your shirt so I can take a look,” said Belphegor. She watched as Azazel’s cheeks once again turned bright red as he slowly removed his jacket and lifted his shirt. Belphegor could feel the blood rushing to her cheeks as she looked at his muscular lower back. As she moved her gaze upwards, her mouth opened in shock. A large bruise had formed on the portion of Azazel’s back and shoulder where the beam had fallen on him earlier. Gently running her fingers along the bruise, she said, “This is all my fault. You’re only hurt because you were trying to protect me. I’m so sorry.” She could feel tears beginning to form in her eyes, but she did her best to hold them back for now was not the time for her to be crying.

Before Belphegor could react, Azazel turned around and grabbed both of Belphegor’s tiny hands in one of his. He held up a card with his free hand that read, “You have nothing to feel sorry for. I’m just glad you’re not hurt.”

Both of the demons could feel their faces turning red as they stared into each other’s eyes. Belphegor could feel her heart racing. Not only was she having a conversation with him, but she was physically closer to him than she had ever been. She was a bit scared, but happy at the same time. Without realizing it, a tear began running down her cheek.

Azazel noticed the tear. Without thinking, he leaned forward and gently placed a finger on her cheek to wipe away her tear. His face was inches from hers. Belphegor could almost feel his breath. If she leaned just an inch or two more, she could probably plant a kiss on his lips. The very thought of that made her bladder scream.

Before she even knew what she was doing, she pushed him away and jumped to her feet. Unfortunately for Belphegor, this was the worst thing she could have done as the sudden motion caused the already damaged flood gates to finally give way. Azazel watched in shock as a waterfall came cascading down beneath Belphegor’s skirt before crashing down into a bubbling yellow pool on the floor below. The sound of her piss was like the hissing of a dozen cats. Her stream rained down without restraint for almost a minute before it finally died out. By then, the damage was done. The front of Belphegor’s skirt was now completely soaked and there were small golden streams running down the sides of her legs.

Belphegor fell to her knees. “Why did this have to happen in front of him of all people?” she thought to herself. “Surely he must be disgusted.” As these thoughts ran through her head, she found that she could no longer hold back her tears. All Azazel could do was watch as the poor demon girl sobbed in a puddle of her own piss.

Suddenly they heard a male voice from outside the door say, “I think this is where the strange banging was coming from.” The voice sounded familiar. Both Azazel and Belphegor watched as the doorknob began to turn. However, the door wouldn’t open. “I think the door’s jammed,” said the voice on the other side. Azazel recognized the voice as Mullin’s. “You’re Highness, let’s have the other attendant’s help us open it.” As those words were uttered, Azazel could hear multiple footsteps move towards the door.

“Nonsense,” said a female voice that Belphegor recognized as belonging to Beelzebub. “I’ll just knock it down.” Instantly there was a loud bang on the other side of the door. Both Azazel and Belphegor watched in shock as the door began to give way. “A couple more kicks should do it,” said Beelzebub as she struck the door again. The sound of the door beginning to splinter echoed throughout the room.

Azazel turned his attention to Belphegor and noticed for the first time that she was frozen in fear. It was then that he realized how embarrassing it would look if someone saw her not so little accident. Without a second to spare, he dashed over to Belphegor, picked her up, and moved her several feet away from the urine puddle. He then draped his coat over her so that she would have something to cover herself with. Azazel flinched as another bang echoed through the room. The door was going to come crashing down any second. It was now or never. Without hesitation, Azazel walked over to Belphegor’s urine puddle and stood directly in the center of it. Closing his eyes, he thought to himself “Please let this work.” Azazel cringed as warm liquid began to run down his legs. As he pissed himself, he glanced over at Belphegor whose mouth was now open in shock. Azazel then shifted his gaze back towards the ceiling, as his final thought was, “Please forgive me Belphegor.”

Just then, the door to the storage room came crashing down. Beelzbub and Mullin entered the room followed by a couple of attendants. All of them were shocked to see Azazel standing in a puddle of piss, the front of his pants completely soaked. “Bro, what happened to you?” asked Mullin as he ran over to his friend.

“I had a little accident,” scribbled Azazel on a card.

“Well don’t just stand there,” said Mullin as he removed his jacket and wrapped it around his friend’s waist. “Let’s go get you cleaned up right away.” Then Mullin and the other two attendants ushered Azazel out of the room.

Once the guys were gone, Beelzebub walked over to Belphegor and lent her a hand. “How bad is it?” she asked.

“I’ve completely soaked the front of my skirt,” replied Belphegor as Beelzebub helped her up.

“We should probably get you cleaned up before you catch a cold,” said Beelzebub.

“But what about the mess?”

“Don’t worry about it,” answered Beelzebub. “I’ll have one of my maids come down and take care of it later.” Noticing the worried look on Belphegor’s face, she added “And don’t worry, I won’t tell anybody that you wet yourself.”

“Thanks Bell,” sniffled Belphegor. Suddenly her thoughts shifted to Azazel. “But what about Azazel? The only reason he wet himself was to protect me. Do you think people are going to make fun of him for wetting himself?”

“Don’t worry,” smiled Beelzebub, “I won’t let that happen.” Taking her friend’s hand, she said “Now let’s go get you cleaned up.”

“Okay,” Belphegor smiled back as the two left the room.

###

Later that evening, Mullin and Azazel were in the cafeteria eating pancakes shaped like teddy bears, Azazel’s favorite. As Mullin took a bite of his bear shaped pancake, he asked “Bro, do you mind if I ask you something kind of personal?”

Azazel held up a card that read, “Go ahead.”

“Why did you wet yourself in the storage room?”

Azazel’s face went red as he held up another card that said, “Can you keep a secret?”

“Of course I can,” replied Mullin taking another bite of pancake.

Azazel hesitated a moment before holding up another card. “The truth is that I was covering for Belphegor.”

“Wait a second,” choked Mullin. “Belphegor wet herself.”

“Yes,” replied the next card Azazel held up. “I accidentally scared her so bad that she wet herself. It was my fault that it happened, so it was only right that I made it look like I did it.”

“Wow bro,” sniffled Mullin as he wiped his eyes with his sleeves, “you are so cool.”

“You think so?” read Azazel’s next card. By this point in time Azazel had zoned out, his thoughts on Belphegor and wondering if she was doing alright. He was brought back to reality by a warm sensation on his hand. Looking down he saw that Mullin had placed his hand on his.

“Look Bro, you just need to stay confident and I’m sure that someday Belphegor will come to see that you’re not scary at all. Who knows, maybe you two will become good friends.”

Azazel simply smiled and held up a card that read, “I hope so.”

###

Belphegor had just slipped into her nightgown and was getting ready to jump into bed. She was exhausted from the day’s events, but at the same time she was happy that she had gotten to spend some alone time with Azazel even if it did end with her utterly humiliating herself. As she laid down, her mind began running through the time they had spent together in the storage room. Flipping through her memories, her mind came to a screeching halt when she thought about the empty bottle that Azazel had given her.

Belphegor’s face began to turn beet red as she just now realized that the reason the bottle had been empty was because Azazel had drunk its contents. In truth, she had been too busy trying not to wet herself to notice. The more she thought about it, the more embarrassed she became. Then without warning a dirty yet naive thought popped into her head. “If Azazel put his mouth on the bottle, and I put the bottle against my crotch, does that mean that Azazel and my crotch had an indirect kiss?” The very thought caused her bladder to start screaming.

“Not again!!!” she cried as she ran for the toilet one final time.

