A Knight and Her Problems-an original fiction - Page 2

Author: Char242

*027*2018-02-15 07:42

I originally wrote it for peefans.com, but it seems that this site is more receptive to my story so i'll continue to post new chapters here.

*030*2018-02-22 02:52

Part 6

While everyone else had fallen asleep, Lizzy tossed and turned in her tent as she thought about what Lilith had said to her. Deep down she knew she was a coward and that her cowardice could cause her to lose Hawk one day to another woman. The very thought terrified her, although she didn’t understand why. Hawk had promised that he’d always stay by her side no matter what, but what did he mean by that? Did he mean it as a friend? As a potential lover? She didn’t know what to think. All she knew was that Lilith was right when she said that Hawk deserved better. As she turned over on her side, she couldn’t help but think that Hawk was wasting his time on a broken girl like herself. She knew he was the kind of guy who would throw away his happiness for the sake of others and she began to fear that he only wanted to be with her for her sake. If this were true, she couldn’t allow that to happen. It was in the darkness of that tent that she made up her mind as to how she would move forward.

###

The sun was just beginning to rise when Lizzy exited her tent. As she stood up and began stretching, she noticed that Lilith was already up and getting ready to prepare breakfast. Lizzy thought about saying something but decided it was best not to. Of course, that didn’t stop Lilith from speaking to her. “Did thinking of Hawk help you at all last night?” taunted Lilith.

“Honestly, its none of your business,” said Lizzy, now slightly irritated. “You know, you said some pretty hurtful things last night.”

“So what?” asked Lilith. “If you’re asking for an apology, don’t waste your breath. I have nothing to apologize for. Everything I said was true. You are a coward and Hawk deserves better than you. Last night I was only teasing when I said that I might make a move on Hawk, but now I’m serious. If you can’t figure out your feelings for him, then you should just stay away from him. Don’t worry I’ll be sure to give him what he needs.”

Lizzy began clenching her fists in anger. “I might be a coward, but at least I’m not hiding behind a mask.”

“And just what is that supposed to mean?” The look on Lilith’s face told Lizzy that she had struck a nerve.

“You act as though you don’t care about what others think about you, but deep down you really do. You pull pranks because that’s the only way you know how to get people’s attention. You say that you want friends but then you do things to drive them away when they get too close. The reality is that you don’t want anyone to see that you’re just a scared and lonely little girl who craves the kindness of others in order to validate your own existence. Honestly, I’d rather be a coward than be like you.”

“YOU BITCH!!!” screamed Lilith as she tackled Lizzy and began punching her. “You don’t know a goddamn thing about me. Why don’t you go back home and live in the lap of luxury like the little princess that you are?”

“DON’T CALL ME PRINCESS!” screamed Lizzy as she pushed Lilith off of her and began throwing a few punches of her own. Soon enough the two girls were rolling around in the dirt, throwing punches and pulling at each other’s hair, each desperately trying to gain an advantage.

“STOP!!!” screamed a female voice as Lilith was grabbed from behind and yanked off of Lizzy. Before she knew it, Lilith was trapped in one of Lisa’s chokeholds. “Why the hell are you two fighting?”

“It’s none of your business,” spat Lilith angrily, a couple drops of blood running down the side of her mouth from a busted upper lip.

“Well I’m ending it,” said Hawk as he exited his tent. “I don’t know what has gotten into you two and honestly I don’t care. This is not how members of our guild are supposed to act towards one another. Until you two sort this out, you need to stay away from each other.”

“Fine,” said Lilith as she broke free of Lisa’s chokehold. “I’m going for a walk.” And with that she walked off into the forest.

“Are you alright?” asked Hawk as he knelt beside Lizzy and offered her a cloth to wipe away the blood coming from her nose.

“I’m just fine,” said Lizzy not wanting to say anything more. She noticed that Hawk was looking off in the direction that Lilith had walked off to and wondered what he was thinking. As Hawk stared off into the forest, he couldn’t help but feel uneasy.

###

Shortly after leaving camp, Lilith found a rotted tree stump to sit on and began tending to her wounds. As she thought about what had just happened, an image of Hawk’s face took center stage in her mind. When he had looked at her, Lilith could sense in him a feeling of disgust. The look he had given her was one that was all too familiar. “Damnit,” she screamed as she banged her fist on the stump. “This is all her fault.” Suddenly she felt a sharp pounding in her head, the pain was almost enough to make her double over. It was then that she realized she wasn’t alone.

“You’re absolutely right. It is all that bitch’s fault,” said a female voice. As Lilith looked up, she was shocked to see that the person standing before her was a red-eyed version of herself.

“Who are you?” asked a now terrified Lilith.

“I thought it was obvious. I’m you. At least the succubus side of you anyway.”

“What do you want?” asked Lilith, not really sure whether to believe the look-alike.

“I merely want to help you. That Lizzy girl has been standing in our way for far too long. It is time for us to make our move. We will take Hawk by force if we have to.”

“I won’t do that,” replied Lilith.

“It’s cute that you think you have a choice,” said the doppelgänger as it approached her. “If you won’t do it, then I guess I’ll just have to take over.” Suddenly the pain in Lilith’s head became a hundred times worse. In seconds Lilith was overwhelmed by the pain and passed out. “Now it’s my turn to be in control,” said the doppelgänger with an evil smile on her face.

###

Two hours had passed and Lilith had still not returned to camp. Getting worried, Hawk stated, “She’s been gone too long. I’m going to go look for her.” He then set off into the forest. Hawk walked for what must have been about twenty minutes in the direction he had seen her leave in but could not find her. Noticing a tall hill, he decided to climb it to see if he could get a better view. As he stood at the top of the hill, he looked in all directions but could see nothing to indicate where she could have run off too. Just as he was getting ready to leave, he heard rustling behind him. Before he even had a chance to turn around, he felt something slam into his back causing him to lose his balance and fall down the hill. As he hit the bottom, he blacked out for a few seconds.

As Hawk came to, he could feel something heavy on his chest. Opening his eyes, he saw that Lilith was sitting on top of him, only something was off about her. Her once emerald green eyes were now a ruby red. While Lisa had told him about seeing this once before, Hawk had thought that it was just Lisa’s imagination. But now seeing it for himself, Hawk felt extremely uneasy. “You took quite a nasty fall,” said Lilith as she stared into Hawk’s eyes. “Why don’t you just lie there while I make it all better.” Before he could ask what she meant by that. He watched as Lilith removed her shirt, exposing her enormous breasts to him. She then grabbed his hands and placed them on her breasts. “Feel free to play with them as much as you like.”

Realizing that Lilith was not acting like herself, Hawk quickly moved his hands away and asked, “Lilith, just what do you think you’re doing?”

“I’m trying to pleasure you of course,” replied Lilith in a seductive tone. “You’ve spent so much time vying for the affections of an uptight little princess that your body must be overflowing with sexual tension. I can relieve it for you, all you have to do is say yes.”

“You’re out of your mind,” said Hawk as he tried to get out from underneath her but found himself barely able to move. “What did you do to me?”

“Don’t worry, it’s just a little magic to keep you in place in case you decided to try and resist me.” Lilith then crawled over Hawk’s body so that she was now hovering directly over Hawk’s face. As she hiked up her skirt, she asked, “Would you care for a drink?”

“Hell no,” said Hawk, but just as he said it, a cascade of piss rained down from above him, dousing his face to the point that he began struggling to breathe. Realizing that he could possibly drown, he desperately began putting all of his efforts into trying to get one of his hands to move. His efforts payed off as he managed to move one hand and clamp down onto Lilith’s pussy. He could feel the warm spray spread along his fingers and the palm of his hand. While he could still feel stray droplets spraying his face, he was at least able to breathe now.

“Ahhhh,” she moaned as she felt his hand touching her most sensitive area. She could feel her stream ricocheting off his hands, simultaneously dousing her thighs with droplets of piss which were in seconds running down the sides of her inner legs. Suddenly she could feel Hawk’s fingers moving in a desperate attempt to get her off of him. Despite being the aggressor, she found she did not like being touched this way. Grabbing a rock lying next to her, she quickly slammed the rock into the side of Hawk’s head, causing him to pass out. As she got off of him, she couldn’t help but feel violated. “Filthy human,” she screamed as she grabbed her shirt and ran off into the forest.

###

Almost an hour had passed since Hawk left to find Lilith. Concerned that something might have happened to them, both Lizzy and Lisa set off in search of their guildmates. Lilith was the one they found first. She was lying unconscious on the ground near a tree stump. Lisa ran over to her and began shaking her, “Lilith wake up.” Her shaking worked as Lilith began to come to. “Where’s Hawk?” asked Lisa.

“I thought he was back at the camp,” replied Lilith, still a bit groggy.

“He left the camp to go find you,” said Lizzy. “He’s been gone too long. For all we know he could be lying hurt somewhere.”

“Don’t worry,” said a voice coming from the tree line. Lizzy looked up and saw Hawk walking towards them. The right side of his head was caked with dirt and blood and he smelled of piss.

“What happened to you?” asked Lizzy as she ran over to him.

“Why don’t you ask Lilith? She’s the one who did this to me.”

Both Lisa and Lizzy turned their attention to Lilith, completely shocked at what they had just heard. Lilith looked at Hawk and pleaded “You’ve got to believe me when I say I have no idea what you are talking about. I’ve been lying here unconscious the whole time.” As Hawk looked into her now emerald green eyes he thought that she seemed to be telling the truth.

“Well then how do you explain the wound on my head and the fact that I smell like piss?” asked Hawk, not quite sure what to think anymore.

“Maybe you hit your head and were knocked unconscious. It’s possible that you dreamt that I did this to you.”

“If it was a dream caused by hitting my head, then how do you explain the piss smell?” asked Hawk.

“Well there are a lot of animals around here,” replied Lilith, “maybe one of them decided claim you as their territory

“I guess you could be right,” said Hawk since he couldn’t prove that she was the culprit. “Either way I’m going to go wash off.” Hawk proceeded to walk back to camp, grabbed his clothes and went off to the river. The three girls walked back to the camp in silence shortly thereafter, not really sure of what was going on.

###

A short while later, Hawk entered the river and was glad that it was warmer than it had been the day before. As he prepared to start washing himself, he heard rustling behind him. Turning around, he was shocked to see Lilith at the water’s edge. “Are you here to steal my clothes again?” asked Hawk, as he prepared himself to chase after her in case she tried to do it.

“Not this time,” said Lilith. “I came here ask if you would let me wash your back since I can’t help feeling that what happened to you happened because you were looking for me.”

“Do what you want,” said Hawk as he turned around. As he did so Lilith began removing her clothes.

“Hawk, could you face me for a second?” asked Lilith. As Hawk turned around he was shocked to see Lilith standing in front of him. What shocked him even more was that her once flawless white skin was now covered in scars and burn marks that looked to be fairly old.

“What’s going on?” asked a clearly confused Hawk. “Where did all these wounds come from?”

“These wounds were given to me by my grandfather, the chief of my village. That man took great pleasure punishing me anytime I did something he did not like which was pretty much everything I did. He didn’t like the idea of having a mixblood granddaughter and he made sure that I knew it every day. He is the reason that I left my village.”

“Why have I never seen them before?”

“I hid them with magic because I was ashamed of what people would think if they saw them. Believe me, I know how disgusting I must look to you,” said Lilith tearfully as she entered the river. She was shocked when Hawk waded over to her and grabbed her in a tight embrace.

“I don’t think that at all,” he said. “I think you’re beautiful just the way you are, with or without magic.”

Tears began falling down Lilith’s cheeks as she said, “I need you to know the truth. I am in love with you, I have been since the Knight’s Exam four years ago.” Hawk remained silent. “I know that your heart belongs to Lizzy, but do you think you could learn to love me?”

“I already love you,” said Hawk, “but as a friend, nothing more.” He could see the hurt in her eyes. “I’m sorry.”

“If I can’t be your number one, then please allow me to be your mistress. Allow me to do the things that she won’t so that maybe you could learn to love me the way I love you.”

Hawk grabbed her shoulders and hung his head, doing his best to hold himself together. He knew that Lilith had her problems, but he never knew that she was this messed up. “I’m sorry but I can’t do that. It wouldn’t be fair to Lizzy and more importantly it wouldn’t be fair to you.”

“I don’t care,” replied Lilith, becoming more and more desperate. “Just give me a chance. Kiss me right here, right now. If you feel nothing then I will give up.”

Hawk not seeing any other choice gently caressed her tear-stained cheek and said, “Alright.” He then pulled her in closer and kissed her. Their lips only parted when Hawk heard a rustling coming from the river’s edge. As he looked up, he noticed that standing at the river’s edge was none other than Lizzy.

“I’m sorry to interrupt,” said a stunned Lizzy doing her best to avoid eye contact.

“It’s not what you think,” said Hawk as he let go of Lilith and began to move towards her. But before he could get any closer, Lizzy turned around and took off at full speed through the forest. Hawk quickly threw on his clean pair of pants and ran after her leaving Lilith by herself.

“Why her?” Lilith asked, tears streaming down her eyes. “Am I not good enough for you?” As she said it, she heard a familiar laugh coming from the other side of the river. Turning around, she once again saw her red-eyed doppelgänger.

“You beginning to see it now, aren’t you?” taunted the doppelgänger. “The only one standing in the way of you and Hawk being together is Lizzy. If she were no longer around, you could have Hawk all to yourself. All you have to do is make it look like a tragic accident.”

“I won’t do that,” screamed Lilith. “Lizzy is my friend. I won’t physically harm her just so that I can get what I want.”

“You stupid little fool. She’s not your friend, she’s your enemy. They say all is fair in love and war.”

“I don’t care. I still won’t do it.”

“Fine. The other alternative is to take what you want by force. You’re a mighty succubus and Hawk is a lowly human. If he rejects you, then use magic or physical force to get your way.”

“How would I do it?” asked Lilith, slowly falling prey to the words of her dark half.

“A love potion of course. Once he drinks it, he will be yours forever.” With that, the doppelgänger turned and walked out of Lilith’s line of sight. This left Lilith to wonder if she really could do such a despicable thing.

###

After running for several minutes, Lizzy stopped and leaned against a big tree, confident that she had outrun Hawk who had been chasing after her. As she thought about the kiss she had witnessed between a naked Lilith and Hawk, she could feel a tight throbbing pain in her chest. She placed her hand over heart and slowly slid down the tree into a sitting position. “Why did I run away and why does my chest hurt?” she asked herself. No matter how hard she tried she couldn’t get the image of Hawk and Lilith out of her mind. Suddenly she felt something wet hit her hand and roll down her arm.

As she touched her face, she realized for the first time that tears were streaming down her face. “Why am I crying?” she asked herself as she desperately tried to wipe away her tears with her hands. Of course, she knew the answers to all these questions. She was just now coming to the realization that she had waited too long to tell Hawk how she felt and now it was too late. As these thoughts raced through her mind, she found herself no longer able to hold back the flow of tears. Suddenly she became painfully aware that there was somebody standing next to her.

“What’s wrong?” asked Hawk as he squatted down to her level.

“It’s nothing. Just leave me be.”

“If it were nothing, you wouldn’t be crying. I can’t help you if I don’t know what’s going on.”

“I said it’s nothing, so why don’t you go back and kiss Lilith some more,” spat Lizzy.

“So that’s the problem,” said Hawk, although he had known it all along. “It’s not what you think. While she did confess to me, I turned her down. However, she said she wouldn’t accept it unless I could kiss her and tell her that I felt nothing. That is what I was in the middle of doing when you came by.”

“And what did you feel?” asked Lizzy as she averted his gaze.

“Absolutely nothing.”

“Why did you turn her down in the first place? I mean she’s pretty, smart, and will do just about anything you want her too. Isn’t that what most guys want?”

“Maybe so, but I already have somebody I’m in love with.” As Lizzy turned to face Hawk, he said, “The one I’m in love with is you. I’ve felt this way ever since we were children and I’m sure I’ll feel this way until the day I die.”

“I don’t believe you,” said Lizzy as she stood up and turned her back to him. “You think you can tell me such things after I just witnessed you kissing another girl and honestly believe that I would instantly trust what you say. I might be naïve but I’m not an idiot.”

“I never said you were,” replied Hawk. He then grabbed her shoulders and spun her around to face him. “But I will do whatever it takes until you believe me.” Before Lizzy could get away, Hawk pulled her into a tight embrace and passionately kissed her.

“Stop,” she said as she tried to pull away from him.

“Not until you believe me,” he responded. He kissed her again, this time though she didn’t fight back. As their lips parted for a second time, he stared deep into her eyes and said, “I love you Lizzy.” Their lips locked once more, this time Lizzy being the one to instigate it. As the third kiss ended, Hawk once again looked into Lizzy’s eyes and said, “Now you know how I feel about you. How do you feel about me?”

Lizzy blushed as she replied, “I honestly don’t know, my head’s spinning too fast for me to process what’s going on.”

Hawk merely laughed at her response. “Don’t worry, I won’t rush you into something you’re not ready for. I’ll wait patiently until the time comes when you can give me an honest response.” He paused for a moment trying to think of something to change the subject. “We should probably head back now. We have a long day ahead of us,” he said extending his hand to Lizzy.

“Yes. And thank you for being so understanding,” she said blushing as she took his hand and allowed him to guide her back to camp. All the while the two were blissfully unaware of the danger that was just beyond the horizon.

To be Continued….

*033*2018-03-03 13:16

Author's note: The majority of this chapter takes place four years prior to the events of the beginning of the story. While originally written to be a side story, because of its importance to the next couple chapters of the main story I have decided to make it a part of the main story instead.

Part 7

By the time Hawk and Lizzy returned to the camp, Lilith was already there and in the middle of cooking the breakfast she had been planning to make prior to her fight with Lizzy. Hawk walked over to her and asked if they could they could talk about what had happened at the river. “Don’t worry about it,” said Lilith, doing her best to have a bright and cheerful smile. “I knew it was a long shot anyway so let’s just forget about it and move on.” For a moment, Hawk thought he saw a hint of sadness in Lilith’s eyes but decided it was best to drop the subject for now.

As the group sat down to eat, Hawk noticed that Lisa seemed rather downcast. “What’s the matter Lisa?” Hawk’s words seemed to momentarily snap Lisa out of the trance like state she was in.

“Nothing’s wrong,” replied Lisa, doing her best to avoid eye contact with the others. “Why do you ask?”

“It’s just that you’ve hardly touched your breakfast. Normally you’d be on your second or third helping by now,” said Hawk. “Are you feeling sick or something?”

“I’m telling you I’m just fine. Stop treating me like a child,” snapped Lisa. She then noticed that everyone was looking at her, concern spread all over their faces. Their look of concern annoyed her to the point that she put her plate down and got up from where she was sitting. “I’m going for a walk. Don’t follow me.” And with that she stormed off into the forest.

“What’s her deal?” asked Lilith as she picked up Lisa’s plate and scraped the remaining food onto her own. “She seemed fine yesterday.” Lilith looked over at Hawk and noticed that he had set his plate down and had buried his face in his hands.

“I’m such an idiot,” said Hawk having just remembered what day it was. “How could I forget what day it is? No wonder she is so upset.”

By this point, Lizzy had stopped eating as well and was now staring down at the ground, a look of sadness filling her eyes. “I guess it is that day, isn’t it?”

“Can someone please tell me what’s going on?” asked Lilith.

“It’s a long story,” said Hawk as he contemplated whether he should tell Lilith or not. “It happened on this day four years ago…” And with that both Hawk and Lizzy began to relay the sad tale.

###

It was mid-spring during their eighteenth year, with the Knight’s Exam just months away. Lisa was laying in the grass on a secluded hilltop overlooking the valley containing the small town of Solaris. As she looked at the clouds in the sky, she heard rustling behind her. Suddenly a head leaned over her. “What’s got you looking so sad?” asked the female, her long black hair just centimeters above Lisa’s face.

“Diana! What are you doing here?” asked Lisa as she jolted up in excitement, almost headbutting the woman in the process. Diana was a twenty-two-year-old knight who lived in one of the small villages bordering Solaris. She was 5’6” with long jet-black hair, and eyes so blue that they could rival that of even the clearest skies. Diana was different from the rest of the knights in the country as she had completed her knighthood training and passed the exam at the young age of fourteen, making her the youngest person to achieve knighthood status. She had been responsible for Lisa’s knighthood training for the past eight years.

“I’m here because I heard that you and Hawk passed the preliminary test required to take part in the Knight’s Exam. I wanted to congratulate you on a job well done. However, you seem to be upset. What happened?”

Just one look from her mentor made Lisa want to spill her guts regarding what was making her so angry. “My brother is such an idiot. I worked my ass off for the past eight years in secret all so that I could surprise him by entering the Knight’s Exam alongside him, and instead of being happy for me, he gets mad. The worst part is that he won’t let me join him in a three-person team required to take part in the exam. He just kept saying that being a knight is too dangerous and that I should just stick to the civilian life. He makes me so damn angry.” Lisa’s tirade against her brother was interrupted by the sound of Diana laughing. “What’s so funny?” asked Lisa, the irritation on her face clearly showing.

“You know that Hawk is just trying to look out for you. With both your parents dead, you’re the only family that he has left so it’s no surprise that he’d want you to have a less dangerous occupation. Try cutting him some slack.”

“I know that he’s just trying to look out for me, but I wish he would quit treating me like some little kid who needs to be protected all the time. I am perfectly capable of taking down anyone who tries to give me a hard time.”

Diana laughed at her and with an amused look said, “Oh really? If you’re going to talk tough, then you best have the strength to support it. I know, if you can pin me down then I will talk to Hawk about him treating you more like a grown woman. What do you say?” As Diana stood up, she beckoned for Lisa to come at her with everything she had.

“Fine,” said Lisa as she prepared to charge her, “don’t say I didn’t warn you though.” Lisa charged at Diana, but Diana easily blocked her by grabbing her and throwing her to the ground. Diana then climbed on top of her and pinned her arms to the ground.

“If that’s the best you can do, then you still have a long way to go,” taunted Diana in her usual cheerful manner. She then leaned down and playfully kissed Lisa’s lips. As their lips parted, she whispered into Lisa’s ear, “I love you.” She then released her grip on Lisa’s arms and got off of her, allowing Lisa to sit up.

“I love you too,” said Lisa as she kissed Diana back. “I just wish that you would ask for a kiss instead of stealing one every time you want one.”

“But where is the fun in that,” said Diana with a mischievous smile. Suddenly an excited look came over her face as she remembered something important. “I almost forgot that I got you a present for clearing the preliminary test. Close your eyes and turn around.” Lisa did as she was told. She could feel movement on the back of her neck and then she felt something sort of cold touch the front of her neck. “You can open your eyes now.” As Lisa opened her eyes she noticed that she was now wearing a leather necklace with a turquoise charm shaped like an arrowhead.

“It’s beautiful,” said Lisa as she admired the necklace. “I’ll be sure to wear it at the Knight’s Exam. I can’t wait to have you watch me compete and earn my place as a knight.” As Lisa turned to face her, she noticed that Diana’s smile had faded. “What’s wrong?”

“I was going to wait until after tomorrow’s mission to tell you this, but I guess it would be better to tell you sooner than later. I won’t be attending the Knight’s Exam this year. In fact, I will soon be going away for a while on an important mission and I don’t know when or even if I’ll be coming back.”

“Well then I’ll go with you. I don’t need to become a knight right now so long as I can stay by your side.”

“I’m sorry Lisa, but it’s too dangerous. I can’t take you with me. Plus, if someone were to find out about our relationship, it could spell even more trouble for us. You’ve seen how the people of Solaris are not very accepting of relationships like ours. The people outside of Solaris are far worse. I won’t put you through that. Besides Hawk needs you here.”

“Look Diana, I don’t care about what others think about our relationship. And Hawk’s a big boy, he can take care of himself. Besides he has Lizzy so he’s never really alone. I don’t see why I can’t tag along with you.”

“You can’t go because you still act like a kid,” snapped Diana. “You think that just because you’ve had eight years of knight’s training that you can take on anything that life throws at you. That’s a foolish notion. People who act like that are usually among the first to die. I’ve seen it happen many times and I don’t want to see it happen to you. You’re staying here and that’s that.”

“You’re trying to abandon me, aren’t you?” asked Lisa, tears streaming down her face. “You really don’t plan on coming back do you?” Diana looked away, her expression telling Lisa everything she needed to know. Lisa tore the necklace from her neck. “I HATE YOU!” she screamed as she threw the necklace on the ground and ran away.

As soon as Lisa was out of sight, Diana picked up the necklace and wiped off the dirt and grass. “This is for the best. If she knew who I truly am, the things I’ve done, and the things I may have to do in the future, she wouldn’t want to be around me. Besides we both know that there is someone she loves even more than me and that I can’t bring her the same happiness that he can.” As she said these things to herself, tears began streaming down her face. She looked up at the once clear sky which had now been replaced with clouds threatening rain and screamed at the gods, “What have I done to deserve all this suffering?” Of course, she already knew the answer. It was because she was born.

###

The next day, at the break of dawn a group of twenty-seven volunteers including Hawk, Lisa, and Lizzy stood outside the town of Solaris. The large group had been tasked with taking out a group of bandits that had been terrorizing merchants in the mountain pass to the north of Solaris. The group mainly consisted of rookie class adventurers and was to be led by Diana. As Diana approached the group, they stood at attention awaiting the information she carried.

“As you all know, our task today is to take out the group of bandits in the mountains north of town. Based on information gathered from the merchants that managed to escape the bandits, there are at least fifteen of them hiding in the mountains, twenty at most. We have been ordered to slaughter every last bandit we come across. If any of you are not up to the task I suggest that you back out now.” She paused for a moment, desperately hoping that Lisa would back out, but Lisa didn’t. “Alright then, let’s set off. We have lots of work to do.” And with that, they set off for the mountain pass unaware of what was about to befall them.

###

It was around 11 o’clock in the morning when the group reached a forest along the mountain pass and decided to take a rest. While many of the adventurers were using the time to polish their gear, Hawk decided to use this temporary rest time to relieve himself. Carrying his bow, quiver, and side pack, he walked off into the forest for some privacy, completely unaware that he was being followed. As soon as he thought he was far enough away from the rest of the group, he walked up to a large tree, whipped it out, and began peeing. He had been holding if for almost five hours and had been on the verge of wetting himself. As he moaned in relief, he heard a voice behind him say, “Do you mind if I join you?”

“I don’t mind,” said Hawk, not really paying attention. Suddenly he heard the rustling of clothes beside him and then out of the corner of his eye saw a second stream hit the tree. Without really thinking, he turned his head to look at the person he was peeing next to and received quite a shock. Standing next to him was none other than Diana. The pair of shorts she usually wore under her skirt were down at her ankles. She had lifted up her skirt and was using both hands to spread her labia. She had her legs spread apart and was bending her knees and hips forwards, her golden jet hitting the tree with almost flawless accuracy. Hawk could tell that she had done this before. Without really realizing it, Hawk was staring at her piss stream-which in the sunlight looked to have a rainbow color to it-smashed into the tree, causing the bark to grow a darker shade of brown.

His concentration was interrupted when Diana asked, “And Just what do you think you’re staring at?”

“I’m sorry for staring,” stuttered Hawk as he turned his head the other way, his face beet-red.

“Don’t worry about it, I was just having some fun with you. If I was bothered by having a guy staring at me pee, I wouldn’t be standing next to you right now. Based off the way you were staring at me, I’m guessing you’ve never seen a girl pee standing up before. Am I right?”

“Yes,” replied a blushing Hawk, still unable to look her way. “I didn’t think it was possible for a girl to pee standing.”

“Well it is and it’s much safer than squatting,” replied Diana.

“How so?”

Diana paused for a moment to think about how to answer the question. “Well, when you squat down, it’s harder to defend yourself if an enemy tried to attack you. At least this way, I have a better chance of launching a successful counter attack.”

“I guess I never really thought about it that way,” said Hawk as he wondered if Lisa and Lizzy ever worried about getting attacked while peeing.

“Of course not, you’re a guy,” said Diana. “You know, if you’re really interested, I wouldn’t mind you watching me pee.” When Hawk heard that, he couldn’t resist the temptation. He turned his head slightly in her direction so he could get a better look. The moment he did, Diana said, “Plus this would make us even.”

“How so?” asked Hawk as he turned his head fully to meet Diana’s gaze.

“To tell you the truth, I’ve been staring at you the whole time and I have to say that yours is one of the biggest ones I’ve seen,” teased Diana as her gaze went back to Hawk’s dick. The sudden revelation caused Hawk to jerk to the other side, causing him to temporarily lose control of his stream. The end result was a small wet patch on the front of his pants. Diana began laughing as Hawk regained control of his stream. By this point in time, Diana’s stream had finally weakened into small spurts. As she finished up she hiked up her shorts and pulled her skirt back down.

“Aren’t you going to wipe or something?” asked Hawk as he watched the scene play out in the corner of his eye.

“There’s no need,” said Diana as she got behind him. She then leaned in and whispered into his ear, “I actually like the feeling of being a little wet.” Diana then slapped Hawk on the ass, her palm lingering on it long enough to give it a playful squeeze. The very act almost caused Hawk to lose control again.

“DON’T DO THAT!” screamed Hawk, feeling both violated and turned on at the same time.

“Relax,” said Diana. “I was just messing with you a little bit. Consider it punishment for making Lisa upset.”

Hawk paused a moment before saying, “So I’m guessing she told you about my reaction to her wanting to become a knight, huh? It’s not that I don’t think that she can do it, it’s just that I’m worried that she could end up like our father. We’ve lost both our mother and father. I can’t bear the thought of losing her too.”

“You know, being too overprotective could cause her to leave you too.” As Diana began to walk away she said, “I want you to promise me something. If anything happens to me, I want you to protect Lisa and see that she fulfills whatever dream she decides to follow.”

“Are you seriously planning on abandoning my sister?” asked Hawk, his tone becoming more and more serious. Diana didn’t respond. “I’ve known all along about your relationship with Lisa. Furthermore, she even told me about how you are planning on leaving without her once we complete our mission. While I don’t care that you are the same sex, I do draw the line at you breaking her heart. Who do you think is going to have to pick up the pieces if you leave without her? Why can’t you just take her with you?”

“SHUT UP!” screamed Diana. “You can’t even comprehend everything I’m going through right now so quit trying to act like you know the answer to this problem.” As she began to storm off, in the opposite direction of the rest area, she yelled, “Tell the others that I’m going to go do some reconnaissance and to stay put. I’ll be back shortly.” She then disappeared into the trees.

As Hawk finished up, he turned around and began walking back towards the others. Suddenly the sounds of blood curdling screams and steel and iron clashing filled the air. Realizing what was happening, Hawk drew his bow and took off at full speed to help his comrades, completely unaware of just how bad the situation truly was.

###

As Hawk broke through the trees and hit the clearing where the others had stopped to rest, he looked on in horror at the couple dozen bodies lying on the ground. From the looks of it, their group had been caught off guard and in the ensuing chaos had been slaughtered. As Hawk desperately looked among the corpses, he was overcome with a sense of relief when he saw that Lizzy and Lisa weren’t among them. He thought to himself that maybe they had escaped before the bandits attacked, but his hopes were dashed when he heard a deep male voice, “Looks like we missed one.”

As Hawk looked up from the corpses, he saw a group of bandits about fifty yards ahead of him. He noticed that all of the bandits except for the one that had spoken to him were wearing iron helmets in the shape of skulls that covered their entire faces. The one who had just spoken to him was wearing an iron skull mask that covered his face from the nose up and had had two curled horns sticking out both sides of the helmet just above his ears. Standing next to them were a restrained but otherwise unhurt Lisa and Lizzy.

“YOU BASTARDS!!!” screamed Hawk as he charged the group with bow in hand, letting loose a barrage of arrows. Within seconds he had managed to strike five of the bandits dead. He was twenty yards away when he felt a sharp pain in his back, and then another and another until he lost his balance and fell to his knees. As Hawk turned his head, he could see what looked to be three arrows sticking out of his back. Luckily the light chainmail he was wearing underneath his shirt and stopped the arrows from doing more damage. Suddenly he felt a sharp pain in his ribs as a leather boot struck him on the right side of his body. He fell over on his left side, pretty sure that a couple of his ribs were either cracked or broken. As he reached for his bow, the bandit behind him kicked him again before grabbing the bow and stealing Hawk’s quiver. Hawk knew in an instant that this bandit was the one who had shot him in the back with arrows.

“What should I do with him boss?” asked the bandit archer. “Do you want me to kill him?”

“Without his weapon, that boy is nothing more than a toothless wolf. Completely harmless,” said the bandit boss. The large man walked over to Hawk and squatted down. He grabbed Hawk’s cheeks, painfully squishing them between his big hand. “It’s your lucky day boy. You see out of the goodness of my heart I’m going to let you live, but in return I have a message that I need you to relay for me. We are the Iron Skulls and we will kill anyone who gets in our way. If another attempt is made to send a party up here to kill us, we will descend the mountain and slaughter every man, woman, and child, in Solaris and the villages surrounding it.” The man let go of Hawk and stood up. “Let’s go men. I’m sure the two women we captured will fetch for a high price in the slave market.”

When Hawk heard that, he sprung to his feet, unsheathing the dagger he kept in his belt and charged the boss bandit. However, the bandit was ready for him as he unsheathed his sword, spun around, and slashed Hawk in the chest. Blood spurted from the cut in his chest. As he fell to the ground he noticed that Lizzy and Lisa were screaming but he could not hear what they were saying. It was as if the whole world had gone silent. Laying in the grass, his blood began pooling beneath him. His sight was starting to become blurry as he struggled to stay conscious.

As he began to black out, Hawk could feel himself being lifted up into the air and carried off. He blacked out for a what seemed like only a few brief seconds. As he opened his eyes he was tossed off a nearby cliff into the icy water of the river below. As his lungs began filling with water, he prayed to the gods that someone would come and save Lizzy and Lisa. Right as darkness began enveloping his eyes, he swore that he saw something human-sized swimming towards him. He blacked out once more.

###

Immediately after throwing Hawk into the river, the bandit leader ordered a group of his men to take the girls back to their hideout, giving them explicit orders to lock them in the dungeon unharmed. He then took a few men with him and set off through the forest to track down and slaughter any survivors who managed to get away in the chaos of the attack. As the girls were being escorted to the cave that acted as the bandits’ hideout, Lizzy began to cry at the loss of her friend. “Don’t cry Lizzy. Hawk is not the type to die that easily,” Lisa whispered. All the while she couldn’t help but question whether her brother would be able to survive such a horrific injury.

Before they knew it, the girls were taken into the cave and thrown into dungeon room that had been created by the bandits’ ancestors’ decades before. Both girls were then shackled to the wall and were left alone in the dungeon to await their fate. Each one pondered whether they would be saved and whether or not Hawk was still alive. As Lisa sat silently against the wall she was shackled to, she began to wonder if Diana had been able to escape or if she too had fallen victim to the bandits.

###

“Where am I?” screamed Hawk as he jolted up. As he looked around, he realized that he was in a small cave lit up by a fire. He felt a sudden jolt of pain in his chest and as he looked down, he noticed that his shirt was missing and that in its place were bandages covering his entire chest.

“Ah, I see your finally awake,” said a voice coming from the cave entrance. As the figure got closer, Hawk saw that it was a woman in a dark black robe, her face covered by a skull mask made from a real skull. “You’re lucky that I found you when I did,” said the robed figure as she began to change Hawk’s bandages. While the skull mask hid the woman’s face from her nose on up, as she was leaning forward Hawk could see just enough into the helmet’s eye sockets that this woman had two mismatched eyes. One was blue like the sky and the other was grey and glazed over like that of a corpse. In that moment, Hawk knew that the lady treating him was definitely not human.

“Who are you? What are you?” asked Hawk as he let the creature inspect his wounds and place new bandages on him.

“My name is Necra. As for what I am, I am a Lich.”

“A Lich, like as in the skeleton-like creatures in story books that can command an army of the undead to terrorize knights and adventurers unlucky enough to cross their path? I thought that was nothing but mere legend.

“As you can see I’m very real,” said Necra. She then proceeded to open her robe, revealing her naked flesh to the young knight in training. “Also, not all of us have skeleton-like bodies.”

“I get it, just please cover yourself up,” replied Hawk, doing his best to avert his gaze. Once Necra was covered back up, Hawk turned to her and stated, “The party I was in was attacked by bandits. They killed everybody except for two females. Do you by chance know where the bandits’ hideout is?”

“Of course I do,” said Necra as she turned her attention to stoking the fire. “However, if you are planning on going there, I would highly advise against it. Without a weapon and in your current condition, you would surely be killed the moment you even tried to step foot in their hideout. Your best option would be to descend the mountain and comeback with a large party of experienced knights and/or adventurers.”

“If I do that, by the time I get back up here it will be too late.”

“For all you know it could already be too late,” replied Necra.

“I have to believe that it isn’t. I have to believe that my friends are still alive and waiting for me to rescue them. Will you help me?”

“Alas I cannot. It would be troublesome if more humans were to discover my existence here in the mountains. If you are to mount a rescue, you must do it on your own.”

“Fine,” said Hawk as he clumsily got to his feet. “I’ll go on my own then.” As Hawk prepared to leave the cave, the woman blocked his path. “Get out of my way.”

“I cannot let you leave in this condition. If you truly wish to rescue your friends then wait here for a moment.” Hawk watched as Necra walked past him and went deeper into the cave. She came back a couple minutes later holding clothes, bandages, an iron skull helmet, and a bow and quiver. “I got these off of an interloper who dared enter my cave without permission about an hour ago. He won’t be needing these as he is quite dead now. You can use these to sneak into their hideout undetected.” As Hawk looked at the items, he recognized the bow and quiver as the ones stolen from him during the attack. It was then that he realized that the man that Necra was referring to was the same man who had shot him with arrows and kicked him in the ribs.

“Thank you,” said Hawk as he put the clothes on and carefully listened to Necra’s instructions on how to get to the cave. As Hawk prepared to leave, he turned to Necra and asked, “Why did you save me?”

“Simple. A human soul tastes best once it has had time to ripen, yours is not ready yet. However, when the time comes I will claim your soul.” As Hawk looked at her, he could tell that Necra was dead serious. He quickly exited the cave and began making the long trek to the bandits’ hideout.

###

Three hours had passed since Lisa and Lizzy were locked up inside the dungeon and Lizzy was starting to squirm a bit. “What’s wrong with you?” asked Lisa as she noticed Lizzy’s squirming.

“I really need to pee,” said Lizzy, crossing her legs. Suddenly she felt a few drops of warmth seep into her panties. “Oh no, I think I just peed a little,” said Lizzy, her face flush with embarrassment.

“That’s good!” exclaimed Lisa excitedly.

“How the hell is wetting my pants a good thing?”

“It’s good because it gave me an idea on how we’re going to get out of here. Just follow my lead and react as if the things I do seriously make you angry.” Before Lizzy could ask Lisa what she meant by that, Lisa began screaming at the top of her lungs “HEY ASSHOLES, YOU MIGHT WANT TO GET IN HERE BEFORE MY FRIEND TURNS THIS DUGEON INTO HER OWN PERSONAL TOILET!” Lizzy’s face turned an even brighter shade of red. Less than a minute later one of the bandits assigned to guard them opened the iron enforced wooden door, and came in with a bucket. Lisa noticed that the man had a dagger in his belt and a battle axe strapped to his back. Luckily for her, this bandit seemed kind of stupid.

“Which one of you needs the bucket?” asked the bandit, a perverted smile coming across his face.

“She does,” said Lisa as she motioned towards Lizzy. “However, she says she won’t go unless I help her and to do that I would need to be unrestrained.”

“Do you take me for a fool?” replied the bandit. “The moment I free you, you’ll try to escape.”

Lisa merely laughed and said, “You are a fool if you think that a small unarmed girl like me could take down a big man like you who is armed with a dagger and a large axe.” She waited as the bandit mulled it over. He then walked over, placed the bucket in front of her, and unlocked the shackles on her arms and legs. As he did so, Lisa thanked the gods that this bandit was as stupid as she thought he was. Of course, Lisa knew better than to try to attack this man. As the man backed away and grabbed the handle of his dagger, Lisa slowly bent down and grabbed the bucket. She then walked over to Lizzy who was still in her shackles. Unlike Lisa who had been merely chained to the wall with some ability to stand or sit, Lizzy had been strapped to the wall, unable to move at all. Lisa turned her head towards the bandit and asked, “Have you ever seen a girl piss before?”

“I haven’t,” replied the bandit excitedly.

“Well then you’re in for a treat.” And with that, Lisa laid down the bucket, grabbed hold of Lizzy’s pants, and yanked them down to her ankles, revealing her slightly soiled panties to the bandit who was now drooling a little from the excitement. As Lisa did this, she felt a small lump in Lizzy’s pocket. Sticking her hand in the pocket, she felt something sort of sharp prick her finger. In that moment, Lisa knew that she would have to somehow get whatever was in Lizzy’s pocket without the bandit noticing, and she knew just how to do it. As she stood back up, she grabbed hold of Lizzy’s panties and yanked them down as well, although not as far. Lisa then picked up the bucket and placed it right under Lizzy’s pussy. “Time to pee,” taunted Lisa in an attempt to anger Lizzy.

“I can’t,” cried Lizzy as two minutes passed with nothing happening. Lisa looked back at the bandit and realized that he was becoming impatient. If something didn’t happen and soon, they would miss their golden opportunity.

“Hurry up and go already,” ordered Lisa. “I’m not going to hold this bucket all day.”

“I told you I can’t,” said Lizzy. “I have trouble going when people are watching me.”

“Then I guess I have no choice,” said Lisa. Holding the bucket in one hand, she placed the other hand on Lizzy’s now bulging bladder. Using two fingers, she proceeded to apply pressure to the bladder. Lizzy screamed in pain as the pressure finally caused her to burst. A river of gold came spewing forth between her legs, slapping the bucket with the most wonderful noise the bandit and ever heard. So much was coming out of Lizzy that Lisa had to move her hand from Lizzy’s bladder back to the bucket just to keep it from tipping over. By the time it was over, the bucket was nearly full.

“That a girl,” said Lisa as she placed the bucket out of the way. In so doing, she noticed that a few drops of urine had spread down the inside of Lizzy’s legs and had stopped just above her pants. This gave her an idea although it was going to be incredibly disgusting. Lisa turned to the bandit once more and noticed the erection in his pants and the dopey smile on his face. “Do you have a handkerchief or a piece of cloth?”

“Why?” asked the bandit.

Lisa chuckled and said, “You really are inexperienced aren’t you. Almost everyone knows that girls need something to wipe with after their done peeing.”

“Oh right, I knew that,” replied the bandit as he searched his pockets for something they could use. Not having anything to use, he proceeded to rip a small piece of cloth off the bottom of his shirt and handed it to Lisa. “Will this do?”

“Of course,” said Lisa, secretly glad the cloth was so small. As she turned her attention back to Lizzy, she said, “Now let’s get you cleaned up you dirty girl.” She then leaned down and began to wipe Lizzy’s pussy.

“Stop!” moaned Lizzy, as she felt the cloth touch her most sensitive area. Lisa stopped after a few seconds more. She then proceeded to accidentally drop the cloth into the bucket full of piss.

“Oh no!” cried Lisa as convincingly as she could. “I accidentally dropped the cloth in the bucket of piss before I could finish cleaning you. I guess I’ll just have to use my tongue.” Before Lizzy could say no, Lisa leaned down and began licking the few piss droplets on the inside of Lizzy’s leg just above her pants. As Lizzy began struggling, Lisa used the opportunity to grab the item from Lizzy’s pocket, being careful to clench it tightly in her hand. Suddenly she heard the sound of metal snap as one of the rusted shackles keeping Lizzy pinned to the wall came loose, allowing Lizzy to give Lisa a sharp kick to the side of the head. Lisa backed away slightly dazed and screamed, “YOU BITCH!” As she prepared to attack her, she felt something hit her on the back of the head. She then crumpled to the floor.

“There will be none of that,” said the bandit, his fist still clenched from the punch he delivered to the back of her head. The bandit proceeded to grab her, tied her hands and feet with rope, and using a pulley system, proceeded to hang her upside down from the fifteen-foot ceiling. “Let’s see if that cools you down.” He then walked over to Lizzy and pulled up her panties and pants for her as he did not want to get in trouble for violating the boss’s orders. The bandit then grabbed the bucket of piss and left the room, locking the door behind him.

Lizzy stared in horror as her friend hang unconscious from the ceiling. “I’m so sorry,” she cried. As she looked at Lisa, she watched in shock as Lisa’s eyes opened as she slowly spat a necklace out of her mouth, being extremely careful to keep the leather part of the necklace between her teeth. Lisa instantly recognized the necklace as the one that Diana had tried to give to her. In that moment, Lisa had so many questions for Lizzy but decided that it could wait until she cut herself free. Luckily, Lisa was able to lower the arrow-head part of the necklace into her hands and began cutting the rope that bound her hands. Once she had accomplished that, she managed to swing herself from side to side, eventually getting enough momentum to swing upwards and reach her bound feet. A few more minutes passed by before she was able to successfully cut herself down.

“Why do you have this?” asked Lisa as she approached Lizzy.

“Diana gave it to me and made me promise to give it to you when the time was right. I wasn’t quite sure what she meant by that but I’m glad that I held onto it.”

“Me too,” said Lisa as she grabbed the rusty shackles and began pulling, hoping that with enough force they would break. Unfortunately for her, the noise was enough to attract the attention of the bandit who was guarding the dungeon. She watched in terror as the door swung open and the bandit came in, ax at the ready. Before she knew what she was doing, Lisa found herself charging at the bandit. She managed to duck just as the bandit took a swing with his ax. This left the bandit wide open for attack. Thinking quickly, Lisa jammed her knee into the bandit’s groin and as he bent down in pain, she smashed her fist into his chin for a disabling uppercut. She moved back as the bandit fell forwards. As she began to make her way back over to Lizzy, she felt a sudden jolt of pain in her lower leg. Looking down, she noticed that a dagger had been run through her leg. She crumpled over in pain as the bandit yanked the dagger out of her leg.

Both Lisa and Lizzy watched in horror as the bandit got up and grabbed his ax He walked towards Lisa and raised his ax high in the air, “Naughty girls need to learn their lesson.” Lisa closed her eyes and waited for the ax to come down. What she heard instead was a metallic thud followed by an even louder thud. As she opened her eyes, she noticed the bandit lying on the ground with a single arrow in his back. Looking up she noticed a masked figure in the door way with bow in hand. Her terror was soon replaced by joy as the man removed the mask.

“Thank goodness you’re okay,” said Lizzy as Hawk stepped into the room.

“I’ve been better,” said Hawk as he walked over to her and used his bow to smash the rusty shackles. He then turned his attention to Lisa and removed the pair of pants that Necra had given him, revealing that he was still wearing his own. He proceeded to hand them over to Lisa.

“What do you want me to do with these?” asked Lisa as she took them from him.

“Well, I thought that it was better than sitting in piss soaked clothes,” replied Hawk as he turned towards the door to give her some privacy. Lisa looked down and realized that she had pissed herself when the bandit had threatened to bring the ax down on her.

“Thank you,” said Lisa as she had Lizzy help her take off her soiled pants and panties and put the clean pair on. Once she was cleaned up Hawk walked over to her and proceeded to wrap her injured leg in the bandages that Necra had given him.

As Hawk helped her to her feet, he asked, “Do you think you can walk?”

“I think so, but I’ll need to lean on someone for support,” replied Lisa. Lizzy quickly moved next to Lisa to be her support.

“We need to get moving,” said Hawk as he stuck his head out the door to make sure the passage way was clear. He then motioned for them to begin moving. They were almost halfway to the cave entrance when they heard yelling coming from the tunnel containing the dungeon. The three knights in training watched in horror as three bandits began running down the hallway. “Run!” screamed Hawk as he fired two arrows, taking out two of the three bandits. He grabbed a third arrow from his quiver and as he prepared to launch it, his fingers slipped allowing the remaining bandit to get within striking distance. Before the bandit could strike Hawk with his sword, the bandit was impaled from behind. As the bandit fell, Hawk realized that the person who had saved him was none other than Diana. “Thank the gods that the bandits didn’t find you.”

“Yeah, whatever,” said Diana not really paying attention to Hawk. “We need to keep moving.” The two began proceeding down the cave until they ran into Lisa and Lizzy who had not made much progress due to Lisa’s injured leg. Diana walked over to Lizzy and handed her the sword while she took Lisa as she was stronger and faster than Lizzy.

Suddenly the cave erupted with angry shouts and the sounds of boots slapping the ground as the bandits were desperately trying to catch up to the intruders. Hawk turned to Diana and said, “I’ll try to hold them off for as long as I can while you get Lisa out of here.”

“I won’t leave without you,” said Lisa.

“Don’t worry, I’ll be right behind you. Now go.” Hawk watched as the other three began making their way to the entrance once more. He then turned his attention to tunnel that the bandits were beginning to come out of. “It’s show time,” said Hawk as let loose what would soon become a deadly barrage of arrows.

###

The others were almost a quarter of the way to the entrance when luck finally ran out. Lizzy had taken the lead as she had the sword and could fight off any of the bandits that might be blocking their only way out. Without realizing it, she ran past a secret passage and the bandit hiding within it. As Diana and Lisa saw made their way past the passage way, Diana noticed something glimmering in the darkness. Realizing what it was she quickly grabbed her dagger while simultaneously pushing Lisa out of the way just as the figure hiding in the darkness attacked with a sword.

###

Hawk had managed to kill the bandits pursing him and was retreating to the entrance of the cave when he heard a blood curdling scream he recognized as belonging to his sister. As he ran with all his might, he could feel his wounds beginning to open. Fighting back the pain, he kept running. As he reached the others he noticed that Lisa was on the ground screaming in shock. Lizzy had dropped her sword and was trying her best not to vomit. Getting closer, Hawk realized what was making the girls react that way. Lying next to Lisa was Diana’s severed head. A couple feet away was the body of the attacker whose throat had been slit by Diana in her final seconds of life. Hawk ran over to Lisa and scooped her up in his arms.

“Don’t look,” he said as he began running, carrying Lisa in his arms, with Lizzy close behind him. As he ran, he thought to himself over and over again, “I’m so sorry Diana.” His thoughts vanished as a little bit of daylight spilled into the cave, illuminating the entrance. The moment the group of three reached the outside, they saw that the sun was beginning to set. What was worse was that their route of escape was now cut off by the bandit leader and his small group who had returned to the hideout. As Hawk turned around, he could hear footsteps coming from the cave behind them. They were surrounded.

Just as the bandit leader stepped forward, a horn sounded. The bandit leader turned around just in time to be struck through the heart by an arrow. The other bandits turned around and saw that a band of knights was fast approaching on their location. With their leader dead, the bandits decided to make a run for it, some of them running for the cave, others trying to find safety in the forest. In the end all of the bandits would be slaughtered by the knights pursuing them. Hawk and the others stood where they were until the knight who had blown the horn approached them.

“Are you guys part of the band of adventurers who were attacked by the bandits?” Hawk nodded his head. “Is there a black-haired lady with you? She is the reason that we were able to come to your rescue.” Hawk simply looked back at the cave and then shook his head. The knight looked at him with understanding eyes and nodded. The knight and a couple others then proceeded to escort the party to a nearby village where they could seek medical attention at a small inn. Before the knight departed, he placed a hand on Hawk’s shoulder and said, “Three-quarters of rookie adventures die on their first big mission. Of those that remain, half of them will die within their first year of adventuring. Today you were one of the lucky ones, next time you might not be so lucky.”

###

As the night wore on, Lizzy had fallen asleep while Lisa and Hawk were wide awake, their thoughts racing with what had happened. Finally giving up on the idea of sleeping, Hawk walked to Lisa’s room and found her sitting on the bed, the necklace that Diana had given her clenched tightly in her hand. As Lisa averted her gaze, she said teary eyed, “It’s all my fault. If Diana hadn’t pushed me out of the way she’d still be alive. I’m the one who should’ve died, not her.” Suddenly Lisa felt a sharp stinging sensation across her cheek. Looking up at the man who had just slapped her, she could see tears in the corners of his eyes. As he moved closer, Lisa closed her eyes and waited for another slap. Her eyes shot open when instead of a slapping her again, Hawk hugged her tighter than he ever had before.

“Idiot. Don’t say things like that. You’re the only family I have left. I need you to live,” said Hawk, his voice cracking as he choked back tears. “If Diana heard you saying this she would be sad. Her final act was an act of love, don’t ruin it by blaming yourself.” Lisa began crying harder than she had ever cried before. Her heart was broken and there was nothing that Hawk could do to help her. All he could do was hold her in his arms and let her cry as much as she needed to.

Days passed, but Diana’s body was never recovered. As a tribute to her, Lisa built a cross on a hill covered in flowers, as she knew that Diana would have wanted it that way.

###

Back in present day, Lisa had finally returned to the hill where she built the cross for Diana. It was a thirty-minute hike from the campsite. Lisa had spent the last hour staring at the cross, holding the necklace tightly as she prayed that her lover had found peace in the afterlife. “I love you,” she whispered as she kissed her fingers and then touched the cross. As she got up, she noticed Hawk was standing behind her. “How long have you been here?”

“I just got here a couple minutes ago. I wanted to pay my respects.” Hawk then walked over to the cross, got down on his knees and bowed his head. “I can never thank you enough for saving my sister’s life,” he said to the cross. He then closed his eyes and prayed for her. When he was done, he got up and turned to Lisa. “We should get going. I’m sure the others are getting a little worried.” Lisa nodded her head in agreement. As they turned and began walking down the hill, Hawk’s head began to throb. For some unexplainable reason, he felt the sudden urge to look back at the grave and the moment he did, he saw Necra standing at the top of the hill looking down at him.

“What are you staring at?” asked Lisa. Hawk’s concentration shifted to her for a second before shifting back to the spot Necra had been standing, only she was no longer there.

“It nothing,” said Hawk as he turned back around. As he walked away from the hill he couldn’t help but feel like something terrible was about to happen.

To be Continued….

*036*2018-03-26 06:20

Part 8

Hawk and Lisa were about half-way back to the campsite when Lisa noticed that Hawk seemed a little pale. “You don’t look too good. Is something bothering you?” asked Lisa. Hawk did not respond, rather he continued walking as though he were in a trance. Lisa tried a couple more times to get his attention but nothing seemed to work. After the third failed attempt to get his attention, she picked up a small stone and threw it at him. Normally Hawk would have easily dodged it but he was so wrapped up in thought that it hit him in the back of the head.

“Damn it!” he screamed as he fell to his knees, rubbing the back of his head. “What the hell did you do that for?”

“That’s what you get for not paying attention to me,” fumed a pissed off Lisa. “Now that I've you’re your attention, I want to know what’s got you so bothered.”

“Honestly, I’m bothered by the fact that you hit me in the head with a rock,” replied Hawk, still massaging the lump.

Lisa slugged him in the arm. “You know damn well that’s not what I meant. Tell me what’s got you so distracted that you’re ignoring me.”

Hawk paused for a moment as he debated whether he should tell Lisa about seeing Necra as well as his history with her. He ultimately decided against it. “I was just thinking about maybe doing a little target practice while I’m out here. I have my bow with me right now after all.”

“That’s what’s been bugging you? I’ll never understand why the gods saw fit to give me an archery nut for a brother.”

“I’m not an archery nut,” replied Hawk as he racked his brain for a good insult. Suddenly his mind went blank as he was overwhelmed with a sense that they were being watched. “Hey Lisa, would you mind going back to the campsite without me? I have something I need to do.”

“Whatever archer boy, just don’t be gone too long.” And with that Lisa walked away. As soon as she was out of sight, Hawk turned around and pulled an arrow from his quiver.

“I know you’re there so you can come out now.” No response came. Hawk closed his eyes and took a deep breath. As he cleared his mind, he could hear the sound of a breeze blowing through the tops of the trees and with it came a scent he had smelt once before. His eyes shot open as he spun to his left and fired an arrow high up into the trees. Seconds later, the sounds of leaves rustling among the trees became more intense despite the wind remaining the same. Hawk knew that whoever had been watching him was now on the move. Without a moment’s hesitation, he began pursuing the stalker.

###

Roughly fifteen minutes later Hawk found himself in a small clearing surrounded by tall trees. By this time, he had lost track of the person he was chasing. Believing that the stalker was long gone by now, Hawk walked over to the widest of the trees and leaned against it in order to catch his breath. As he thought about what to do next, he slowly began lowering himself into a sitting position. The moment he placed his hand on the grass to the side of him, he felt something wet.

“That’s strange,” said Hawk to himself as he wiped his hand on his pants. After several minutes, he got up and was preparing to leave when he felt something drip onto the back of his right hand. Hawk instinctively looked towards the sky but saw not a single rain cloud. Without really thinking, Hawk sniffed the back of his hand, his eyes widening in shock as he realized what it was. “WHY THE HELL AM I ALWAYS GETTING PISSED ON?” screamed Hawk at the top of his lungs. Suddenly he drew another arrow and shot straight above him. A couple seconds later he heard a small cry.

“WHAT THE HELL!” screamed a voice from the top of the tree. As Hawk backed away from the tree, he noticed the figure sitting in the tree was none other than Necra. She was sitting on a large branch with her legs over the side. “Dammit boy, you damaged my mask,” cried Necra as she struggled to hold the non-shattered portion to her face.

“It’s you own fault for not coming out when I asked you to.” As Hawk looked up at her, he could see that she was still wearing the long black robe she had on the day they met four years ago. “How the hell were you able to move so fast in that thing anyway?”

“Simple,” replied Necra, “I just change its form.” Hawk watched in amazement as the robe began to change into a black tunic and a black skirt. As Hawk moved his gaze back to her face, he saw that she was no longer wearing the skull mask. Instead she had covered her face from the nose on down in a shroud of black cloth, presumably made from the same material as her robe. Looking at her, Hawk was able to confirm that one of her eyes was indeed as blue as the sky while the other looked like that of a corpse. Hawk noticed that the skin surrounding the corpse-looking eye was covered in scar tissue.

As his gaze moved upwards, Hawk was able to see that Necra’s hair was jet black with a ghostly white streak running down the middle of her hair. Without even knowing what the rest of her face looked like, Hawk could tell that Necra was beautiful. As his eyes shifted back to the branch that Necra was sitting on, Hawk noticed that from where he was standing, he could easily see up Necra’s skirt. It didn’t take him long to realize that Necra wasn’t wearing anything beneath her skirt. “Enjoying the view down there?” asked Necra.

“I’m sorry,” shouted Hawk as he averted his gaze, his face becoming extremely red.

“There’s nothing to be sorry about. I honestly don’t care if you see what’s down there. In fact, if you’re still curious I will be more than happy to give you a better look,” chimed Necra as she lifted her skirt. Hawk tried to fight the temptation the best he could, but in the end his instincts as a man took over. He focused his gaze back on her, and the moment he did, he jumped back as a rain of gold splashed down on where he had just been standing. By this point, Necra was standing on the branch. Necra was using one hand to hold onto the branch above her and the other hand to direct her stream straight at Hawk.

“WHAT THE HELL ARE YOU DOING?” screamed Hawk as he tucked and rolled, just missing being doused by jet of piss.

“Oh come on,” taunted Necra, “how do you expect me to hit you if you keep moving?”

“I’m moving because I don’t want to be pissed on. Tell me why you’re doing this.”

“I have two reasons. The first is that I really had to pee. You see, shortly after I lost you, I decided to relieve myself under the tree here. However, I had to cut things short when I sensed you approaching. I then climbed up this tree and waited for you to be gone. Unfortunately for me, you took too long to leave and a little slipped out. Not that I really mind though as I sort of enjoy that feeling of being wet. Society says that it is not proper to wet oneself and that such an action is naughty. If I’m being truthful with you, committing such a naughty action turned me on to the point that I wanted to drench my entire robe with my piss. Ahh, just telling you this is getting me more excited,” she exclaimed as she began massaging her crotch a little.

“That’s just sick,” replied Hawk as he dodged another squirt of liquid gold. “What’s the second reason?”

“This is revenge for breaking my favorite mask.”

“Isn’t this going a little overboard? I don’t even see how this is a suitable punishment.”

Necra cut off her stream for a moment. “You’re right. This isn’t a suitable punishment for you seeing as you like this sort of thing. But honestly I’m having fun so I’m going to keep doing it anyway.” With that, she started her stream again, this time just barely splashing Hawk’s arm.

“I don’t like getting pissed on!” screamed Hawk.

“That’s weird. I really thought you liked this sort of thing especially since you’ve allowed both that succubus and the elf to pee on you. Or could it be that you like to be the one doing the pissing.”

“The incident with Lizzy was a complete accident and I only allowed Lilith to pee on me because that was the only way to treat a rash. As for peeing on Lisa, I had no other choice but to do it in order to treat her rash.” Hawk thought for a moment. He reasoned that there was no way that Necra could know about this stuff unless she had been spying on him and the others. “It’s obvious that you’ve been spying on us. How long have you been doing it?”

“Oh, I’d say on and off for the past four years or so. If you’re referring to the present, I would say ever since you left Solaris to begin this little trip of yours.”

“Why are you following us?”

“That’s a secret.”

“Tell me.”

“No.”

“TELL ME NOW DAMN IT!” screamed Hawk as he dodged another piss jet, drew an arrow, and shot it at Necra.

“SHIT!” screamed Necra as she dodged it, only to lose her balance and fall. Luckily for her she was able to grab on to the branch she was previously standing on. “Oh no, I’m slipping. Please help me.”

“Hang on, I’ll catch you” yelled Hawk as he ran right underneath her and looked up.

“Gotcha,” shouted Necra. Before Hawk could move out of the way, Necra unleashed a waterfall of piss down onto Hawk’s face, nearly drowning him in the process. When she was finished, she easily hoisted herself back onto the branch and began laughing. “You really are gullible.”

“You’re a bitch,” choked Hawk as he tried to spit the foul taste out of his mouth. He took a few steps back and then prepared another arrow. “Tell me what I want to know now or I’ll shoot another arrow at you. If you’ve been watching me as long as you say you have, then you know that I hardly ever miss.”

“Sorry, I’ve got nothing to say.”

“So be it,” said Hawk as he let loose the arrow. He watched on in shock as Necra easily caught the arrow just milliseconds before it could enter her chest.

“It seems to me that you need to be retaught the basics of fighting,” said Necra, her demeanor becoming much darker. “Rule number 1: never let your emotions get the best of you. Rule number 2: never underestimate your opponent.” As she said it, she threw the arrow right back at Hawk. As he dodged it, Hawk realized that Necra had thrown it with enough speed and power that it could have easily killed him had it hit. He couldn’t help but stare in amazement at the arrow penetrating the ground just inches from his feet. Turning his gaze back up to the tree, he noticed that Necra was gone.

Suddenly he could feel warm breath on the back of his neck. “Rule number 3: never take your eyes off your opponent.” Hawk spun around but there was nobody there. The forest was silent for a few seconds. As Hawk turned his head, he had just enough time to see a large blade coming at him. He quickly dove out of the way, the blade missing him by just millimeters. Looking up, he saw Necra standing before him and she was wielding a giant scythe. “Rule number 4: never let your guard down.” Necra raised her scythe and brought it down on Hawk. Luckily Hawk was able to use his bow to block what would have been a fatal blow.

“I get it already. Let’s stop this before somebody gets hurt,” pleaded Hawk as he began to realize that this wasn’t a fight he could win without serious injury. Necra took another swing at him. This time she managed to land a cut on Hawk’s body starting from his right shoulder, extending diagonally across his chest to just below his ribcage on the left side. By a stroke of pure luck, the scythe had hit the leather strap of Hawk’s quiver. While the strap was completely destroyed, it had saved him by taking the brunt of the blow. Even still, the cut across his chest was still deep enough to draw blood. Hawk lost his balance and fell backwards, the spilt contents of his quiver lying next to him. The next thing he knew, Necra was sitting on top of him, pressing the blade of her scythe to his neck.

“Last but not least is the most important rule. Rule number 5: don’t start something you can’t finish. Now do you have any last words.”

“It looks like this one is a draw.”

“What are you talking about? I’ve clearly won.” As Necra looked down, she noticed that Hawk was holding an arrow just millimeters from her heart.

“You forgot about rule number 6,” said Hawk, “always stay two steps ahead of your opponent.”

“Damn it,” cried Necra as she backed off. “You let me cut you on purpose just so that you could get close enough to deliver a fatal blow, didn’t you?” Hawk nodded. “You sure have guts, but I'll let you in on a little secret. Normal weapons aren’t enough to kill a lich. All you would have accomplished by stabbing me is buying a few more seconds of life.”

“I’m fully aware of that.”

“And yet you were still prepared to do that anyway.”

“Yep.”

Necra laughed. “You truly are an interesting human. I guess I can entrust you with some information but you must promise not to tell another soul.”

“You have my word.”

Necra looked him over before deciding that his word was good enough. “I am on a mission from the underworld. I come from clan of liches whose sole duty is to keep the balance between the worlds of the living and the dead. Part of that requires hunting down and eliminating rogue reapers.

“Rogue reapers? What are those?”

“As the name suggests, rogue reapers are grim reapers who have gone rogue. The job of a grim reaper is to escort the souls of the dead to their rightful resting place, Heaven for the souls of the righteous innocent and Hell for the souls of the wicked and the damned. However, there are some reapers who have chosen to instead devour the souls of the dead in attempt to become stronger. Some of them have even gone so far as to orchestrate the deaths of those not yet meant to die to use as fuel for their own ambitions. Their ultimate goal is the creation of a world where the grim reapers can reign over the worlds of the living and the dead.

“And what does this have to do with me?”

“It would seem that a rogue reaper is targeting you. Unfortunately, it is not uncommon for a rogue reaper to orchestrate the killing of someone close to their target before taking their target’s soul. The reason for this is that a soul tastes best once it has been thrust into complete and utter hopelessness and despair. I predict that if the reaper is not stopped, one of your friends will surely be dead before the next sunrise. After that, it will come for you.”

“So, then all I have to do to stop it is wait for this reaper to show up and kill it, right?”

“It’s not that simple. As they are now, reapers are incapable of killing living creatures directly. However, they can get the living to do the dirty work for them by manipulating their emotions and insecurities. If the conditions are right, they can even manipulate someone into taking their own life. Thus, it is unlikely that you will ever see the rogue reaper and even if you did, it’s impossible to kill a reaper with mortal weapons.”

“So, then what am I supposed to do?”

“There are two things that you can do. The first option is that you can help you’re guildmates survive by preventing them from doing something stupid like killing each other or taking their own lives. The second option is to offer your soul to save your friends. When a rogue reaper’s plans are achieved or thwarted, they will usually leave because it is too dangerous for them to stay in one place for too long. While you decide which action you will take, my job will be to track it down and slay it before it’s too late.”

“Why are you helping me? I thought you wanted my soul.”

“That’s why I’m helping you. I’ll be damned if I let that creature take what I have already staked my claim on. Now you best get going and try not to breath a word of this to anyone. If the reaper finds out about this, it would make it much harder to stop it.”

“Alright,” said Hawk as he turned and picked up his quiver and bow. “You’re a fool though if you think I’ll let either of you have my soul.”

“You truly are an interesting human,” laughed Necra. As she turned to walk deeper into the forest, the smile faded from her face. “But that’s why the reaper is targeting you in the first place. It will be your fault if anyone dies, and if it comes down to it, I will kill you to save her life.” With that, Necra disappeared, leaving Hawk with more questions than answers. All he knew was that something was coming and if he didn’t find a way to stop it, someone close to him was going to die.

To be Continued

*039*2018-04-07 09:12

Part 9

After hearing some startling news from Necra, Hawk’s mind was stricken with a sense of helplessness and dread. How could he possibly stand up against a creature that he couldn’t see, let alone kill? At this point all he could do was try to keep the girls safe without letting on about what was really going on. Hawk became so lost in thought that he was almost three-fourths of the way back to camp before he remembered that he was covered in Necra’s piss. “Damn that stinks,” muttered Hawk as a breeze pushed the urine smell into his nostrils. “I can’t possibly go back smelling like this.” He stopped for a moment and thought about what to do. After mulling over his options, he decided that he would go jump in the river. He thought that at the very least the river would wash away the smell.

About ten minutes later, Hawk reached the drop-off just above the river where Lilith had pushed him in. As he looked down at the water, he began to hear humming echoing from down the river. His curiosity peaked, he began walking along the slope above the river, using the bushes and trees for cover. A few minutes passed before he found the source of the humming. Hawk settled down on another small drop-off just above the river. From his vantage point, Hawk could see Lizzy sitting at the edge of the river washing clothes. But what really caught Hawk’s attention was that she was wearing only her underwear. His attention soon shifted back to the song Lizzy was humming. Lizzy’s humming soon turned to singing. Hawk had heard Lizzy hum before but this was the first time he heard her actually sing.

As Hawk listened closer, he realized for the first time that she was singing in her elfin language. Although he couldn’t understand a word of what was coming out of her mouth, he still thought that her voice was like that of an angel. Mesmerized by Lizzy’s song, Hawk began edging closer to the edge of the drop-off. Suddenly he lost his balance and tumbled forward over the drop-off. “SHIT!!!” he screamed just before he hit the water. Luck was on Hawk’s side once again as the water was deep enough to avoid injury. Seconds after hitting the water, Hawk surfaced only to find a clearly startled Lizzy staring at him.

“What the hell are you doing?” cried Lizzy. When Hawk didn’t respond, Lizzy looked behind her and saw the drop-off. “Were you spying on me?”

“Yes, but I didn’t mean too,” said Hawk. Lizzy shot him an angry glance. “What I meant to say was that I got so caught up in your singing that I couldn’t help but watch you.”

Lizzy’s face went beet red. “You heard my singing?”

“Yeah, and I thought it was beautiful,” admitted Hawk as he began moving towards dry land. Of course, he completely forgot about what he smelled like.

“What is that smell?” asked Lizzy as she pinched her nose.

“I was chasing a wild pig and ended up getting peed on,” he lied. “Please don’t tell the others.”

“I won’t say a word,” she replied back. Lizzy then averted her gaze, her cheeks redder than before. “Since I’m already washing clothes anyway, I could wash the ones your wearing too. At least this way you won’t go back to camp smelling like that.”

“Sounds good to me,” said Hawk. As Lizzy looked back at Hawk, she noticed that Hawk had already begun stripping. Lizzy couldn’t help but admire Hawk’s muscular body, but what really caught her attention was the scar that ran along his chest. Hawk had gotten that scar while trying to protect her and Lisa during the bandit attack four years earlier. Every time she saw it, she couldn’t help but feel responsible as it never would have happened if she had not been captured so easily in the first place. Lizzy then shifted her gaze to Hawk’s legs and noticed that he had not taken his underwear off. Without even realizing it, Lizzy let out a small sigh of disappointment at not getting to see Hawk completely naked again. Hawk must have heard her sigh as he said, “Would you like me to take these off too?” Hawk then made a show of grabbing his underwear as though he was seriously going to pull them down.

“That’s okay, I’ve seen more than enough of your crotch over these last couple of days. Besides it’s not all that impressive anyway.” Lizzy felt dirty the moment she said it. She also felt a little perverted for secretly having wanted to see it again.

“That’s harsh,” laughed Hawk as he handed her his shirt and pants. He then moved closer to her and whispered into her ear, “Just so you know, I would’ve stripped naked if you asked me to.”

“You’re a pervert,” cried Lizzy, her face reaching a whole new color of red.

“I was just joking. Man, the look on your face was just priceless.” Although in reality, Hawk had been completely serious.

“Just shut up and get in the water already.”

“Alright.” As Hawk entered the river, he watched Lizzy as she set about washing his clothes. He couldn’t help but think about how beautiful she was and how much he wished he could make her his. Moments later, Lizzy finished washing Hawk’s clothes and laid them out with the other clothes she had washed in the sun to dry. She then proceeded to walk into the water and ended up settling right next to Hawk. “What are you doing?” asked Hawk, beginning to get a little nervous.

“I was getting hot and needed to cool off. Do you have a problem with that?”

Before Hawk could respond, a familiar voice called out from the trees, “Hey Lizzy, are you almost done washing the clothes?” The voice belonged to Lisa, and from the sound of her footsteps she was getting closer.

“Hold your breath,” screamed Lizzy as she pushed Hawk under the water and proceeded to sit on his chest. Seconds later, Lisa emerged from the trees and made her way to the edge of the river.

“What are you doing?” asked Lisa as she noticed that Lizzy was acting a little suspiciously.

“I’m just taking a dip in the river while the clothes dry.”

“You’re taking a dip in your underwear?”

“Yeah, is there a problem with that?”

“Not really,” replied Lisa. She paused for a moment as she looked around. “I could have sworn that I heard Hawk’s voice. Did he come by here?”

“As a matter of fact, you just missed him,” lied Lizzy as she used the full weight of her body to keep Hawk underneath the water. “He ran past here a couple a moments ago chasing after a wild pig. I’m sure that once he’s finished with that he’ll head back to camp.”

“You’re probably right,” replied Lisa. For a few brief seconds, it appeared as though she was going to leave. However, Lizzy’s hopes were quickly dashed when Lisa removed her shirt and pants. “Do you mind if I join you?”

“I don’t think that’s a good idea,” replied Lizzy.

“Why not?” As Lisa began moving closer to the river, Lizzy knew that she needed to think of something. Suddenly air bubbles began spurting up from beneath her. They were from Hawk who by now was struggling to hold his breath. Lisa clearly noticed them but obviously didn’t know what they were as the next thing she asked Lizzy was, “Did you just fart?”

“I did no such thing. I am a lady and ladies do not fart,” declared Lizzy. Just as she said that, a few more air bubbles breached the surface.

“Are you sure? The bubbles coming from beneath you seem to say otherwise.” Lisa paused a moment as she tried to figure out Lizzy’s strange behavior. “Or could it be that you’re trying to hide something?”

“I’m not hiding anything.” Of course, Lizzy’s denial only made her sound more suspicious. Lizzy watched in horror as Lisa stepped into the water and began to slowly make her way towards her. Realizing how bad things might look if Lisa managed to get closer, Lizzy knew that if she was going to drive her away, then it was now or never. Luckily for her, Lisa had given her an idea for how to drive her off: Lizzy would need to rip the biggest fart of her life and pray that it would be enough to make Lisa leave. Of course, she was painfully aware that Hawk was right beneath her and would thus feel it, but she didn’t have any other choice. Lizzy took a deep breath and with all the force she could muster, ripped a big one and in doing so, she accidentally peed herself a little.

“Holy shit that stinks!” screamed Lisa as the smell hit her. She quickly turned around and got out of the river. “Maybe I’ll join you another time,” she said as she threw her clothes back on and left.

“Thank goodness that’s over,” said Lizzy. Suddenly a pair of hands burst to the surface, grabbing her breasts in the process. Before she had time to respond, Hawk shot up to the surface with enough force that Lizzy was knocked onto her back while Hawk landed on top of her.

“I thought I was going to die,” said Hawk as he began gasping for air. It only took a few seconds for the smell to hit him. “Damn Lizzy, what the hell did you eat?”

“Could you please get off of me?” whined Lizzy. As Hawk looked down, he realized that his hands were clutching Lizzy’s breasts.

“I’m so sorry,” replied Hawk as he jumped back. Hawk watched as Lizzy stood up, her face a shade of red that Hawk never thought possible. He then noticed the yellow spot on her white panties.

“Let’s just forget this happened,” cried Lizzy, tears of embarrassment beginning to form in her eyes. Suddenly she felt a twinge in her bladder, the kind of twinge she only felt on the occasions when she would severely embarrass herself in front of Hawk. She knew that it was only a matter of time before she would explode and all she could think about was getting away from Hawk before that happened. As Lizzy spun around toward the river bank and took a step forward, she felt her bladder spasm. Hawk managed to grab her just as she lost her balance. “Let go of me,” she cried as she spun around and pushed him away. Unfortunately for her, as Hawk fell backwards he accidentally grabbed onto her bra, ripping it off in the process.

“Owww,” cried Hawk as he fell on his butt, “what the hell was that for?” As he looked up, he saw that Lizzy was now topless. For a brief few seconds, Hawk noticed that Lizzy’s left breast seemed different than the one on the right although he didn’t have enough time to figure out the difference.

“NOOOO,” she screamed as she covered her breast with her arms and fell to her knees. Her cheeks were now stained with her tears. Hawk crawled over to her, and unable to hold back his curiosity, grabbed Lizzy’s arms and forced them out of the way. As he stared at her breasts, he noticed that the left one was indeed different from the right. The area around the left nipple was partially deformed and covered with scar tissue. Hawk knew instantly that this was the result of an accident he caused roughly four years earlier. He couldn’t help but stare. “Don’t look at it, it’s hideous,” sobbed Lizzy.

“I don’t think it’s hideous at all,” replied Hawk.

“You’re lying” spat Lizzy, her eyes now filled with anger. “You find this disgusting, don’t you?”

“No, I don’t. It’s a part of you and thus it is beautiful.” As Hawk looked into her eyes, he could tell that she didn’t believe him. Before Hawk even knew what he was doing, he gently placed his lips on her nipple and kissed it. Lizzy’s body trembled and a soft moan escaped her lips. Hawk stared once more into her eyes and declared, “There is no part of you that I could ever find disgusting.” He then released her arms, knowing full well that Lizzy would likely beat the hell out of him for his actions. Hawk closed his eyes in anticipation for the first hit but it didn’t come. A moment passed before Hawk opened his eyes to see Lizzy staring at him intensely.

“It will make more than a simple kiss on my bosom to make me truly believe that you are sincere. Prove to me that I can trust what you say.”

“I will do as you wish,” Hawk softly replied, moving closer to her. He then lowered his head and wrapped his mouth around the partially deformed nipple. Lizzy’s entire body shook in ecstasy as Hawks tongue playfully caressed her nipple. Seconds later she felt something moving on her right breast and as she looked down, she saw it was Hawk’s hand.

“Stop,” she muttered, although the tone of her voice and the trembling of her body said otherwise. By this point her breathing had become heavy and she was squeezing her knees together in desperation. Lizzy could feel the urge to pee welling up inside of her, but at the same time she didn’t want Hawk to stop.

Hawk moved his mouth away from her breast. As he looked at her, the urge to make her his grew stronger and stronger to the point that he could no longer hold himself back. “You’re lips say one thing, but your body says another. I will not stop until you truly want me to.” He then grabbed her left breast with his free hand and then began massaging the nipple between his fingers.

“Please stop,” moaned Lizzy, her tone still contradicting her words.

“Give me a good reason why?”

“Because if you don’t, I’m going to wet myself,” as she said it, the yellow patch on her white panties grew slightly larger. Hawk took notice of this and smiled.

“You’ve already soiled yourself. At this point you might as well just let it all out. I’ll even help you.” Hawk then placed one of his hands inside her panties and began tapping his fingers on the top of her crotch while simultaneously applying pressure. It became too much for Lizzy to bear and within seconds her panties were filling up with golden water. Hawk felt the warmth engulf his hand and for the first time he didn’t care about being pissed on because it was Lizzy’s piss that was now running along his fingers. The ordeal lasted for about a minute and a half and by the time Lizzy was finished, there was not a single patch of white on her once clean panties. As Hawk removed his hand from her panties, he said, “We can’t exactly leave you like this.” Then like a man possessed by his own sexual desires, he grabbed Lizzy’s panties and began removing them.

“PLEASE STOP!” screamed Lizzy. As Hawk looked up, he saw fresh tears streaming down Lizzy’s cheeks. What he saw in her eyes was much worse. The look in her eyes was one of pure terror, one he had not seen since the incident with Edward. Hawk was instantly brought back to his senses. He stopped what he was doing and moved away from her.

“I’m so sorry,” he said as he sprung up and ran off further down the river, trying to put as much distance between them as he could.

###

As soon as he thought he was far enough away, he stopped and knelt down by the river. “What have I done?” he asked himself as he looked down at his piss stained hand. As he turned towards the water to wash it off, he could have sworn that the reflection he saw in the river was not his own but Edward’s. Hawk then jammed his fist into the reflection and as the ripples faded, the reflection he saw was once again his own. “I’m a monster. All I do is hurt anyone who gets close to me. Maybe it would be best if I just disappear.” Suddenly Hawk felt something wet run down his cheeks. He then touched his dry hand to his cheek and realized that he was crying for the first time in almost ten years.

“You’re not a monster,” replied a voice behind him. It was Lizzy who was desperately trying to catch her breath.

“Get away from me,” shouted Hawk as he jumped to his feet. “If you get near me there is no guarantee that I’ll be able to hold myself back. I truly am just like Edward.” Suddenly Hawk felt a sharp stinging sensation across his cheek.

“Shut up. You are nothing like Edward. If you were, you would have kept going no matter how much I told you to stop. Besides, monsters like that guy don’t cry tears of remorse.”

“I’m so sorry Lizzy, I don’t know what got into me.”

Lizzy walked over to Hawk and pressed her forehead against his. “It’s alright, I know that you would never do anything malicious to me. In fact, I’m probably just as much to blame as you are. I sort of led you on and things got out of hand. Until I know whether I can truly return your feelings, I think it’s best that we try to take things slow and let whatever happens happen.” Lizzy then extended her hand out to Hawk, “Are we good?”

“Yeah, we’re good,” replied Hawk.

“We should probably head back and get our clothes now.” As the two began walking back up the river, Lizzy asked, “Hawk there’s a question that has been on my mind since you confessed to me earlier today. Do you mind if I ask it?”

“Go ahead.”

“Who did you enjoy kissing more, me or Lilith?” Hawk did not answer. Instead he kept walking. “Come on Hawk, I need to know this stuff before I can make a decision.”

Hawk stopped and turned to face her. “You know damn well that I only have feelings for….” But before he could finish his sentence Lizzy grabbed his face in her hands and planted a passionate kiss on his lips, her tongue playfully dancing with his. As she pulled back, all Hawk could do was stare at her. “What was that for?” he stuttered.

“That was revenge for making me wet myself.”

“How the hell is that revenge? Honestly that seems more like a reward to me.”

“No, it is revenge because it’s the last kiss you’ll be getting from me for a long time. I hope you enjoyed it,” she said with a playfully wicked grin. She then turned her back to him and walked away.

“Ha ha, very funny,” said Hawk. He paused for a moment waiting for her to say it was a joke. When that didn’t happen, he began to get a little nervous. “You were joking, right? Right?”

“You’ll see,” sang Lizzy, enjoying how flustered Hawk was becoming.

“That’s not fair!” cried Hawk as he followed behind her. Suddenly he felt a cold chill run down his spine. As he stopped and turned his head towards the trees, he could have sworn that he saw a dark shadow watching them only to disappear within a blink of an eye.

“Is everything all right Hawk?”

“Yeah, everything’s alright,” replied Hawk. As they continued walking he whispered under his breath, “Let’s just hope things stay that way.” Of course, what neither of them could have known was that a tragedy would soon befall there guild later that night.

To be continued…

