Majoring in Desperation

Author: cewengompol

*000*2019-07-19 15:38

Hello everyone! i've been here for a while contributing a few artworks with a little story in them mostly about my OC. Then i decided to write a full story about them. So i hope you guys enjoy it.

Majoring in Desperation

Chapter 1 : Desperate Dorm

She walk through of a now quiet hallway. It was spawning with people not so long ago, “Weird”, She mumbles as she tries to find the dormitory. After a long day of walking around filling up the registration for her college ID, she just wants to sink herself on her bed and put all her stuff.

When she reach the Dormitory it’s obvious now where are all the other students are, this place is as lively as a carnival. Well maybe that’s just an exaggeration, but it is quite lively except for the hall. Anyway she still have to find the dorm keeper and her sister. They have to split up at registration since they are having a different major. They were supposed to meet up at the entrance.

$$

Suddenly a text message arrived :

Indah : Hey where are you?

You : Im at the entrance where are you?

Indah : Oh shit I forgot were supposed to meet there. I already found the dormkeeper now.

You : That’s fine, so where is it?

Indah : Just went straight through the entrance and go left. I’ll wait for you there.

You : All right, thanks.

$$

She finally saw her sister Indah. She told her to register her room, Indah already requested to share a room with her. She was told that they get to share rooms but they also have to share it with another two people.

“What’s your name”, the dorm keeper ask

“Bianda Renata”, She answer.

She finished her form and calls Indah to go to their room together. She was quite excited to see her dorm. Since it had a lot of nice facilities like indoor bathroom, Free Internet and even a Laundry sevice.

On the other hand Indah was just hoping she can use the bathroom, That liter of water bottle she drank earlier starts to fill up her bladder. She can feel the urge started to appear, but she keeps it to herself since it’s not really that bad.

“WAITT!!”, The dorm keeper yells, “You guys have to follow the dorm tour first!”

“Can’t we put our stuff first?”, Bianda asks.

“Sadly no, you need to gather at the front of the dorm now”

Indah sighed, realizing something’s wrong Bianda ask her what’s going on. “No, nothing”, Indah answer again she don’t think she has to go that badly. So they went to the front to meet the others. Turns out all those people are gathering for the tour too, that’s why it’s so crowded.

The tour finally starts. It’s not supposed to be long, they just went around the dorm one time, but it doesn’t feel that way to her. Her bladder keep feeling up and the urges are getting stronger, she pressed hardly on her crotch but tries to keep her posture to not attract attention.

“OH FUCK” someone screamed but it’s not Indah. It’s Bianda, “I HAVE TO GO NOW”. This always happens, Bianda won’t even feel a bit of urge until it’s unbearable than she will notice. She pressed her crotch tightly and crossed her legs. It’s a good thing the tour has ended but now Bianda could barely move. Watching Bianda that desperate didn’t really help Indah either, she only felt worst. They can only walk slowly to their room.

$$

Each step they take is a challenge and their room just seem getting farther and farther. Bianda can feel a leak coming out, luckily she can stop it. While Indah just keep pressing down her bright pink pants.

“Bianda. . . I don’t want to wet myself in public on my first day of college”, said indah while hopping up and down to hold her pee.

“You think I want to? I don’t want to ruin these pants too, their brand new”, Bianda answers.

Finally they reach their room. The good news is the door is unlocked, the bad news is the bathroom door is locked. “OH MY GOD!!! PLEASE HURRY UP!!” Bianda panicked as she banged on the door. “SORRY BUT WE REALLY NEED TO GO SO BADLY!!!!”, Indah also yells since she’s at her limit, She can feel a leak damping up her panties. When the door opened they went barging straight inside, the girl inside was so shocked that she fell in the bathtub.

Now they realize they have a problem. There’s only one toilet and none of them could wait even a second more. But they can’t think for too long because the can feel another leak and this one can’t be stopped. So no other choice they have to share the bowl. Not giving them a chance to take off their pants, pee starts coming out damping their panties so they just sit and let it all out.

$$

“AAAAAHHHHHH” the feeling of sweet sweet relieve is the only thing they could feel now. Sweating with their legs relaxed the flow keeps coming out dripping off their pants for another thirty seconds.

$$

Until suddenly the door opens and another girl was shocked seeing what happened, her friend in the tub and two girls who shared a bowl feeling so relieved not even realizing the situation they’re at.

“Not much made it huh?”, the girl smirked and asked.

“Oh no!”, they both panicked as they realize the situation their at. Until now the flow still hasn’t stopped. They don’t know what to do because it just feels so good.

$$

“I’ll wait till you guys are finished”. Finally it stops, the feeling of relieved are now mixed with an embarrassment. Now they left the bathroom and meet the girl inside. “Ah you guys are finally done”, She greets them with a warm welcome even warmer than their pants.

“My name is Nadya, the girl you just pushed into the tub here is Jessica”, she introduced herself.

“We’re so sorry, we’re just so desperate”, Bianda apologize.

“Nah don’t worry we all been there”, Jessica answer lightly.

Nadya then pointed their side of the room. The room is quite big for a dorm standard. It had two bunkbeds, the left part of the room is already occupied by Jessica at the bottom and Nadya on top.

“By the way before you do anything, don’t forget to change first”, Nadya laughs.

$$

So they change and unpack all their stuff. Luckily the class didn’t start till Wednesday so they don’t have to rush. Embarrassment is the only thing they feel now so Jessica tries comfort them. She said that accidents is a normal thing that happens especially here. It’s not much but it helps nonetheless. It was 11:00 pm. and after such a day everyone went to bed. Waiting for a whole year ahead. “I wish this won’t happened again”, Bianda spoke to herself.

The next day they woke up with one of them wet the bed.

____

So what do you guys think? I hope you all enjoyed it.

Also i'm giving you guys a choice but since it's not that many i'm not putting it in interactive stories. Which girl you guys want to see going through their day next time?

*008*2019-10-01 01:11

Thank you so much for the wonderful replies everyone. I'm sorry i haven't posted anything in a while, things at college has really filling up my schedule. But i am still working out this stories too.

{{On 9/29/2019 at 1:27 AM, Da Zman10 said:

Very nice story. The pictures were very well done as well.

Maybe the next story can be about Jessica?

}}

{{On 9/29/2019 at 6:07 AM, Drip said:

This was a truly wonderful story, made even more amazing by your exceptionally beautiful art work, I honestly cant wait to read more, no need to rush of course take as much time as you need to make it as amazing as this one was. I would love to see Indah's day next time around.

}}

You guys are in luck though i am working on Jessica in the next chapter, we'll see how Indah would play role in that part

*010*2019-12-23 10:41

Hello everyone!!

It has been a long time since i've posted anything here. But i have been working on the continuation of this story, next time it will be about Jessica and Indah. The story are ready and i'm currently drawing them at the moment.

Here you can see one of the illustration as they are desperately tries to reach the bathroom (by the way i try to change the lines so it look rougher to kinda create this tension of not making it. what do you think?)

I plan to finish this before new years eve, thank you for your support guys. I hope this will excite you all.

Thank you!!

*012*2020-02-12 08:44

Chapter 2 : After Party Presentations

At the beginning of the night while all her roommates prepared for tomorrows class, Nadya was busy picking up outfits to wear. "Hey guys does this jeans make my butt looked big?" , she asked, "Yeah too bad", answers Bianda.

"Well screw you that's what i'm looking for! Why aren't you guys dressing up anyway??", Nadya pouted and asked.

"We have presentation tomorrow Nadya, this is important we already failed the mid test last time", Indah answered.

"But you're all done and finished! all you have to do is come and read whatever it is you made, I know the Professor he's not a scary type"

"Yeah well. . . ", Indah hesitated. Frankly she really wanna come considering it's Ladies Night at the Club and they can have everything half priced.

"You know what, you're right fuck it, i'll get my blouse", Jessica went inside the bathroom.

And after barely any arguments they just went up and prepared to hit the pub. Bianda wearing a tight red shirt and a mini-skirt, Indah wearing a sleeveless shirt and a green joggerpants. Nadya being the most prepared wore a Jeans and a tanktop covered with a pink Jacket. And Jessica wearing a crop top blouse and a smooth silky white pants.

Their night of crazy drinking began. . .

$$

But this is not about their night. . .

"BEEP ! ! ! BEEEP ! ! ! BEEP ! ! !"

The alarm went off at 9.00 am

Jessica's eyes open in shocked because she realised the condition she's in. "BIANDA, INDAH WE'RE LATE!!!", She shouted. Panickedly she wakes up Indah who still falls asleep in her bed. It's not hard to wake her up because she too realised what is happening and Bianda came out from the bathroom still not fully sober. "Fuck, Fuck, Fuck" They all panicked and grab whatever they need (which is just a laptop) and ran through the whole campus to their class. Nadya was right though because the teacher still let them enter the class. "oh it's fine you're only 10 minutes late, come in", so they all can sit down and sigh in relief that they made it.

Until Jessica feels a little sting in her bladder, she realised that she haven't had the chance to pee this morning. She grabs her crotch tightly but she doesn't want to make any big deal out of it because she felt she can control it. "You haven't pee as well?", Indah asked her while she holds her crotch as well. Turns out both of them are on the same pickle. "Yeah you think?", Jessica answered.

$$

Both of them are squirming trying their best to hold it and not make it obvious. "Jessica, can't we pee first???", asked Indah Both of them wanted to go but they can't miss their chance of presentation. They bite their lips, grabbing their crotch wiggling (as subtle as they can) to hold it in at all cost.

$$

"Okay next Indah! Jessica! you're next", The professor finally called their name.

$$

"You sure we can do this?", Indah asked

"We'll finished it as quickly as possible and be gone then", Jessica whispered.

They can no longer act normal, all the subtlety starts to disappear as their bladder gets more and more filled. But they still begin their presentation.

$$

Her minds keep jumbling words as she reads the presentation they both made but the only thing on their mind right now is their bladder and that one asshole who keeps making water sound with his mouth.

"That's all everyone thank you for your attention", Jessica closes up the presentation. She finally felt relieved because it's finally over but she suddenly feel a bit of pee leaking on her panties. "Oh shit!" Jessica screams inside her head she tried to lean back a little to make sure nothing else come out. Indah is not doing well either, her hands never left her crotch from beginning to end. It's a very sad yet hilarious view from the student perspective.

$$

"Sir, excuse me. . . but can we go to the bathroom this is really really an emergency. . . ", Indah asked.

$$

Jessica squint her eyes trying to hold her pee as hard as she can. But she realised that she can't hold on much longer. .

"oh shit, is she wetting in class again?" whisper one of the boys.

"Oh of course! GO GO!" The professor realised what condition they're in.

"Thank you very much sir!" They both ran out as quickly as they can.

$$

The toilet is not that far from the class, but in the condition they're in it felt like a kilometer. They're going as fast as they can but it only equals to small tiny steps at a time. almost 2 bottle of booze they drink last night are knocking directly at their crotch begging for relieve. Every single steps is a battle for their panties, every single step they have to stop and regain control of their bladder.

When they enter the bathroom they're greeted with fully occupied stall. "Oh god please anyone in there be quick we're both bursting here!!!", Indah yells and knocked on the door. Jessica being in worse condition than Indah can only concentrate on not letting anymore leaked. When the door opens, Indah who's at the front door quickly enters the stall.

$$

Jessica suddenly realised this and screams, "INDAH PLEASE, THAT'S NOT FAIR I'M ALREADY LEAKING HERE!!!!". Though luck Jessica.

$$

Indah couldn't hear anything, the sigh of relief she got felt so orgasmic.

"aaaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhh", she sigh as her bladder finally empties.

A jet stream of piss burst out immediately, dripping through her legs. She doesn't care that her pants are not down at all, she's not even attempting any effort to get them off, to her making it on the bowl is one hell of an achievement.

$$

All the tense muscle she had relaxed and she sits on the bowl resting her head on the wall, while pee still drips through her pants. "At least i mad it in the bowl", she giggled (even though just barely of her pee went in the bowl).

$$

On the other side of the wall it's still not over with Jessica.

"Dammit Indah", Jessica hobble around dancing trying to hold her now leaking piss. She sees a trash can beside the corner of the stall. "Dammit, again???" She whispered to herself. But her filled to the max bladder had no time to negotiate, She either pull her pants down and go there or bye bye clean panties.

$$

Well. . .

Jessica had no time for both, she can only squat down and let her agonising pee burst out from her crotch. Her legs gave out and as she sits on top of the thrash can, pee went through her legs damping her silk pants and panties.

$$

"Ahhh. . . . fuck it", she sighed in relief

$$

Things went around for about two minutes of feeling their best relief yet. Until they realised what condition they're both in. Wet pants and a big ass puddle, at least it was in the bathroom.

"Are you guys done?", Bianda appeared out of nowhere.

Jessica embarrassed and shocked ask,"how long were you there?"

"Just now, i know you guys are gonna have a bathroom break but i didn't know it would end like this. . .", Bianda amazed at the situation answered.

"We'll i guess two bottle of booze are not a good idea to be ignored.", Indah came out from the stall with not a single part of her pants dry.

"You guys still wanna go back to class?", ask Bianda.

They all immediately agrees that was a bad idea, so they all decided to head back to their dorm room. Indah had to ask her friend to bring her laptop later because there is no way in hell she's going back and go through the class with a cold damp pants, the class was about to end anyways. They went through the least crowded place on the campus trying to act normal even though some people realise the massive wet patch on their pants. On the way back Jessica ask Bianda, "Wait how come you're not bursting on your way in the bathroom or the hall??"

"I was wasted in our bathroom remember?", Bianda shrugs.

$$

"Oooh. . . But at least you managed to pee right?", Jessica continues

"Eeeeeehhhh. . . .", Bianda kinda don't want to answer, "Not really. . ."

$$

"So yeah i haven't had time to change either so i'm still wearing my wet panties . . .", Bianda confesses

"Ewwww gross!!", Indah replied.

"Look i'm not fond about it either alright. Besides you're not in the position to judge"

"You have a point. . .", Indah looked at her pants that's beginning to dry up.

"Did you at least clean the floor??", Jessica ask.

"No i was panicked as hell this morning, so i had no chance to react correctly. If i was able to clean the floor i will definitely had time to change my panties!", Bianda pouted, "Nadya is still in the dorm, she had a night class tonight. So she probably clean it already, she doesn't like dirty bathroom."

As these girl with wet patches open their room and being greeted with the view inside, all of them say the same thing.

"Yeaaaah, Definitely not."

$$

End of Chapter 2

____

Wow, i finally finished the chapter. I'm really sorry that it took so long from my promised time but it turns out i was biting more than i can chew. But here is the continuation of the story, I hope you guys love it.

Feel free to give any advice i'm open to criticism, and tell me what you think about this or perhaps any ideas on who should the next chapter focus on and what situation would it be.

Thank you everyone!


