Young actress' bladder eruption

Author: Calb

*000*2024-07-29 16:25

Valerie exited the metro station and climbed the stairs to the surface. The full moon shone brighter than usual, but she never noticed. She had other problems: her bladder was so unbelievably full, she could almost feel her inner reservoir ebbing and flowing, as if affected by a lunar tide. She never had to use the bathroom that bad.

Val walked the barely illuminated street quickly, but not quickly enough – her bladder did not enjoy her running up the stairs when she was exiting the metro station. She accepted this situation as critical half an hour ago, but she physically couldn’t allow herself to just piss her jeans in the middle of crowded train car. She didn’t, and now it seemed like the greatest achievement in her life. Now she was examining the familiar neighborhood but didn’t see any place where she could relieve herself in peace.

She had managed to keep her jeans dry on the escalator, too. That was an act of pure heroism on her part. The summer air was still a bit stuffy, but it tasted like nectar after having been stuck in that deathtrap of a train car. That was pure agony – trying and somehow managing to hold off the catastrophe that nearly happened. She remembered her mind going crazy from thinking about humiliating herself in front of those people. At one point she pretty much lost all hope and started moving towards the door between the cars in hope that she can escape to the tunnel and squat there. The train was not moving anyhow – there was a flooding that day on one of the main stations – so she could jump out and flood the tunnel a bit, too…

That never happened, she was not sure for better or worse. How happy she was when the train started finally moving and soon delivered her to her station. Despite all the sharp pain, tremor and suffering, she managed to endure long enough to finally get to the surface. She won that round, she got her second wind now, but the war hasn’t ended yet.

She adjusted her sweaty shoulder-length brown hair the wind was playing with, and kept looking around, hoping that the all too familiar street somehow sprung bushes since she left her place in the morning, but all Val could see was barren concrete. She almost didn’t care. She would risk flashing her naked butt on the street, if there was some kind of cover which she was desperately failing to find. She couldn’t just pee under a streetlight to entertain nocturnal drunks and other local fauna…

She would normally enjoy this 10-minute walk from the station to her apartment block, but not this time. This time her bladder was torturing her, threatening to leak out, terrorizing the poor young woman with spasms. You would drink lots of water on a hot sunny day like this, but why did she drink all that coffee? Her bladder felt like a cooler bottle that threatened to erupt each second…

Sure, peeing her pants now would be better than doing it in the subway – no crowd of people was following her on the dark street, but there was no way her roommate was asleep at this time. She’d made a mistake of jokingly telling her she wanted to use the bathroom while on the train and received a bunch of silly memes sprinkled with water and watermelon emojis. “One flood is enough”… “Yeah, Stacey, everybody and their granny thought of that joke”, she replied.

Nevertheless, Val was sure – if she showed up wearing soaked jeans, the jokes and the teasing would never end.

Valerie wanted her pain to end almost to the point of giving up, and that would be a suitable ending for a terrible day. She was not sure, what was worse – wetting your pants as a grown-up or getting snubbed at a casting earlier that day. “No, I’m asking you to manifest desperation, vulnerability, hopefulness, but I don’t see it on your face”.

A professional actress, she dreamed of Hollywood films that she would star in and work on with the young celebrity director she kind of liked as a pro and perhaps even more, but none of these things seemed likely now. His words rang inside her head almost as loudly as to make her forget about her terribly aching lower abdomen. She would be able to show him “desperation”, “vulnerability” and “hopefulness”, if she took that train ride earlier, but that didn’t matter now. She felt all these things at the wrong time.

She would only wear these tight jeans to the casting, knowing that her legs tend to impress male directors, but now she regretted wearing them. They turned into a torture device. They were pushing down on her bladder, suffocating her body. Her body was hurting; she grew more desperate with each minute if not second.

Her bladder felt like a stone, but it wasn’t made of stone. It reminded her about it with a sharp spasm, as she almost lost control there and then. Valerie gasped audibly, clenched her teeth and shoved her hands into her crotch. She fought off this wave of desperation, but there was no way she could handle a couple more of these.

She still had a couple more apartment blocks to walk past, and she started to really panic now. “Please, please, not now, hold it for a bit longer, please”, she was telling her organism, panting heavily and sweating again.

- Oh God, no, no, no! – she said, feeling control over her body slip away from her for a couple of seconds.

She couldn’t feel her muscles. She couldn’t shut her tortured pee-hole as it opened and shot a jet of pee into her thin white panties, making them warm. She froze as she was passing under a streetlight and saw a pee stain spreading on her crotch. She thought this was the end for a moment, but the stream stopped and left her with only slightly wet underwear and a 2-inch wet spot on her jeans.

A tear ran down her cheek, as she painfully continued to walk home. She could not imagine how she would make it home without having a full-fledged accident. Val almost started to cry, running on sheer will power at this point, not allowing herself to give up. Her bladder was almost erupting now, it was past sending her distress signals – her body was simply telling her it would make her void her bladder quite soon and it didn’t care if her jeans and underwear would be on the way.

Poor Valerie finally reached her apartment block, but the door she was looking for was at the other end of the building. Fighting her organism, she noticed a patch of measly bushes she’d never noticed before. They were halfway down the block and were not an ideal option, but continuing to urinate into her clothes was even less ideal to say the least.

She continued to walk, moaning from the pain, as her grip on her muscles loosened again – she could feel the wetness spread under her hand over her thigh. She could only imagine how badly her panties were soaked, now that every jet of piss was flowing straight into her poor jeans.

- God, no, no, - she repeated and started to cry.

Another stream was ruining her jeans for 2, 3, 4 seconds... She clamped the flow again, but her aching muscles were no longer under control. They were exhausted and numb. The new stream could easily end it all, and Valerie knew that, walking rapidly to the bushes.

- Oh, fuck!

She heard a gentle thud, as her phone fell from the pocket of her leather jacket to the ground, its screen flashing with a new message. She was lucky it fell on the grass and didn’t break against the paved sidewalk. Valerie froze, feeling the mother of all spasms storm through her lower abdomen…

“Val, hey! This is Anya, the casting director)) Ryan asked me to tell you – you got the role, congrats!) I knew there was magic happening in that scene, and Ryan saw that, too, never mind his grumpiness! Will contact you later with the details! Best, Anya S.”

Valerie couldn’t believe her eyes. She was standing still there on the street and let her tears flow. She was happy. She was drenching her jeans like there was no tomorrow. Her jeans were becoming wet rapidly, and she was shooting jets of urine through the tears in her jeans, watching the steady flow separate into rivulets and shoot out of the jeans through the holes on her knees. She was letting it all flow down her legs, seeping through the fabric. Rivers of urine splashed on the ground between her legs. She flooded her sneakers, jeans under her butt – and a huge puddle was growing underneath. She was having a huge toilet accident at the age of 25 in the middle of the street, pissing herself from a gardening hose, but she was happy.

The feeling of blessed emptiness replaced all other feelings. She was alone there in the small yard between the apartment blocks, standing there in wet jeans, having left a couple of inches of them dry. Valerie noticed she was standing on a flower bed, having watered some of the flowers generously, and stepped out on the road. She felt light-headed from the near orgasmic pleasure. She has made a complete mess – some of the puddle streamed down to the road and formed a puddle that now reflected the moon. She didn’t care. She was happy.

In 10 minutes, she was taking a hot shower. Her wet jeans and soaked panties lied on the bathroom floor. She knew she would have some material to draw from, if somebody asked her to manifest “desperation, vulnerability and hopefulness”. All she could think about was her main role… Even her roommate was oddly supportive.

“- Oh my God, Val, tell me you didn’t piss yourself on that train!

- No… I um… It happened while I was walking here.

- Thank God, that would be awful! Oh my, you really had to pee, didn’t you? Go take a shower!"

Now her body felt relaxed and comfortable. Peeing yourself from happiness works, Valerie thought.

*002*2024-08-06 08:16

{{On 7/31/2024 at 3:24 AM, Firepeach said:

This was an awesome story, I really appreciate how descriptive it was. I loved the ending too

}}

Thanks

