The Water Devil From Inside (The Alliance Alive)

Author: Captain L

*000*2019-03-01 23:20

Author's note: Forget "single chapter", this is my longest chapter by...1,695 words. Blows absolutely everything else straight out the water.

###

The house of the noble Esmerode family in Daemonia's Area 18 was a quiet one, but that didn't mean it wasn't busy, for inside was the daughter of the family, Vivian, partaking in her favorite pastime: reading. She had filled her room with bookshelves, with even more in piles in every corner and on every table, yet no matter how many times she scanned each tome, she would always come back for more, without fail. This time, she hadn't even taken the book into a chair, choosing instead to parse its contents directly at the bookshelf.

If she were the only Daemon in the house, Vivian could easily lose herself in reading, so it was for her own good that she had a servant, one that had just entered the room, bearing a treat. "I've made some tea, Lady Vivian."

Vivian's ears perked up at the sound of another voice, possibly the only voice that could break her from her studies. Taking her eyes off the pages, she turned around to meet her attendant, her tail swishing from side to side in a light wag. "Oh, Ignace! Did I already drink the last pot you brought up? I've lost track."

Placing the tray of tea on the small table, after pushing some books aside to make room, Ignace could only respond with a shrug and a shake of the head. "Yes, you did so, hours ago."

"Is that right? Hehe, I don't know what I'd do without you, Ignace!"

"You become so engrossed in your studies, you forget to even eat and sleep. I was hoping you'd take a rest."

Vivian started to nod, but instead pulled the book she was open back up towards her face. "I will, a little later. This research is incredibly fascinating, I can't put it down!"

"Is that so?"

"Yes, it's Professor Alstein's research on distortions in the Great Barrier, which the professor has named the 'Dark Current'. And her theories on spellcraft are rather sophisticated."

"Right..." This was far from the first time Ignace had been subjected to Vivian's excited recountings of her reading, topics he could expect to find little to no interest in.

Regardless of Ignace's thinly-veiled apathy, Vivian was on a roll, and would not be stopping any time soon. She could never be faulted for her enthusiasm. "However, the professor's theories differ quite significantly from what I know of the current state of the surface." She had reason to be skeptical, considering the Daemons were the race responsible for the creation of the Great Barrier dividing the human world below, to keep the peace. "Intriguing, is it not?"

"Well, few Daemons take an interest in the human world, myself included. You might be the only eccentric that finds them fascinating."

Though it was the most accurate and nicest way to describe her style, Vivian wasn't listening. "Mhm, mhm. Yes, that has to be it. Ignace, I've decided! This is the perfect opportunity to go meet Professor Alstein in person!"

Though he had acquired a tolerance to Vivian's impulsive desires in the centuries he had been serving her, this was a whole new level. "D-don't tell me you're speaking of visiting the human world?! Authorization to travel is not easily-"

Despite his warnings, Vivian had a chronic case of tunnel vision, and she had made up her mind. "Ooh, I'm quivering with anticipation, Ignace! Off we go!" Stepping onto a portal circle installed into the floor, Vivian began feeding sorcery into the gateway, igniting a cylinder of light that reached the ceiling as her body transported down to the human world. Sighing, Ignace had no choice but to follow his mistress, deep into unfamiliar territory.

###

As the pillar of light faded, Vivian and Ignace found themselves in a new world, the world of humans, where the air was thick, smoky, reddish, and very, very hot. It was a lucky break that the two were wearing breezy clothes, Vivian's dress being short and Ignace's shirt having an open front.

Their presence soon attracted attention, as the humans wandering outside were drawn to the newcomers' appearance. "Huh, a-are those..."

"No way, Daemons in this town?"

"I've never seen one before."

"Probably best to leave them be." They whispered between each other, staring at the Daemons intently, while keeping their distance, should the great rulers of humanity be in a bad mood.

With Vivian as the subject, nothing could be further from the truth. She had retained a smile on her face from the moment of their landing, unfazed by the fear in the bystanders' eyes. "Hehe, so this is Gearsrock. How fascinating."

For his lady's sake, Ignace was forced to stay on her level, and not provoke any form of friction between species. "You think so? I'm afraid I can't say the same of the strange odor." However, that didn't mean he had to be as excited as she. Indeed, while Daemons enjoyed various animalistic enhancements over humans, including a heightened sense of smell, one did not need a discerning nose to be overwhelmed by the scent of ash and soot heavy in the volcanic air.

"Oh, how mean. This will be valuable experience, I'm sure." As the two left the spot of their entrance, the residents of Gearsrock stepped aside so as to not impede the Daemon's route, though only Ignace kept a suspicious eye on them as they passed. Vivian couldn't be concerned with what the humans thought of them, not while on her own mission. "Now, let us find Professor Alstein! And sample some surface confections, too!" Her mouth began to water at the thoughts of the sugary sweets and delectable drinks she could find, the best kinds, the kinds that Ignace warned against outside special occasions.

As soon as her mind went to liquids, however, Vivian found herself in the throes of a different sort of bodily desire, as she locked in her step and shivered. Perhaps it wasn't simply anticipation that caused her quivering, but another sensation, emanating from slightly below her stomach. After all, she had drank her fair share of tea at home, and left without releasing said tea from her person, having only just realized the need. Thanks to that lack of due forethought, Vivian was on the surface world, with a nagging urge to urinate.

"Madam, stay close to me." Ignace's voice shook Vivian from her funk, where she only now noticed that she had blanked out for no small amount of time.

Vivian shook her head and smacked her face to bring herself back to the moment. It won't be difficult to wait just a little longer. Besides, I'm sure Professor Alstein would allow me to use her latrine if I asked. Truly, she had nothing to worry about, just a small inconvenience. "I'm coming!" She rushed to Ignace's side, careful to stay steady and stable.

She didn't have to strain herself for long, because a thick crowd gathered in the town plaza halted their path of exploration. "Like I said, we need to study the Dark Current," a small girl's voice called out from the center of the assembly. "In order to do that, we need to power up my power suit! You'd be doing the whole world a favor by helping me!"

As soon as she heard the words "Dark Current", Vivian could hardly contain herself. She rushed to the edge of the horde, jumping to see over the shoulders of the tall, burly men making up the circle.

The task fell to Ignace to grab her sides and hold her in place, before her excitable curiosity could cause her to fall and crash into the bystanders. "Madam, please contain yourself."

It was well-timed advice, though in a context far different than his intentions. The shock from being unexpectedly gripped sent a surge of adrenaline coursing through her veins, as for a microsecond, she wasn't focusing on holding her bladder. No leaks manifested, at least, but the fear was enough to cause her worry.

Ignace noticed her tensing up, and quickly placed her firmly on the ground. "My apologies for grabbing you so suddenly, my lady."

"No, it's quite all right, Ignace." Vivian took a deep breath and regained her composure. Daemons were a society that valued calm reason over wild emotion, because sound logic was far more beneficial to decision making. Getting worked up over her desperation would do her no good, she resolved herself to stay strong.

Distracted by her need, Vivian missed the details of the argument happening parallel, until that girl's voice called out, "Only the biggest of simpletons would ignore advice from Tiggy Alstein!"

Upon hearing the name, Vivian's eyes closed and her lips spread in a wide smile. "Did you hear that, Ignace? She called herself Alstein!"

The crowd dispersed, leaving only a silver-haired little girl, with a blue coat and a monocle. "Perhaps she's a relative of the author," Ignace offered.

"The only author listed is Alstein, so perhaps that's the writer herself."

Fuming, Tiggy marched into the nearest house, slamming the door behind her. "That must be where she lives. Hurry, Ignace, let's meet her!" Vivian rushed to the door, turning the knob and opening the door. Regardless of the morality of her unprompted actions, Ignace had little choice but to join her in the stranger's abode.

Neither Daemon could have described what they figured a scientist's house would look like, but as they entered the large single room, it still defied expectations. It was messy and unorganized, though to her credit, unlike the Esmerode house, there were very few items adorning the floor. A few tables, a few shelves and cabinets, a bed, but very little else. "Oh, she's not here. Did she run off," Vivian wondered, looking around for an escape route Tiggy could have taken.

"I'm sure she came into this house."

"Then maybe she's hiding somewhere. Let's take a look around!" Vivian hurried forward, pushing aside anything not nailed down for another room. A scientist like Professor Alstein must have a research lab, with equipment and journals, and any human must have a bathroom. Vivian was slightly more concerned with finding the latter, she could have her talk with Alstein after she had relieved herself.

Problem was, there weren't many places to check. There was nothing under the bed, the wardrobes didn't lead to any secret passageways, there legitimately weren't any hiding spots. How does the professor use the restroom? Does she need to visit one of the other buildings just for that? Whatever the answer, Vivian wasn't liking the implications.

While she was sticking her head in a jar almost as large as her, a heavy scraping sound echoed from the corner of the room. She pulled her head out to investigate, hitting her head on the ceramic rim of the vase, to see Ignace pushing a large crate aside. "I think this may be the solution we seek, madam." He gestured to where the box previously sat, a hole with a ladder occupying the square.

"Ah, that must be where the professor is hiding!" And where her restroom must lay! Vivian sighed in relief, knowing that her mystery was satisfactorily answered, and ran to the top of the ladder, eager to make haste and climb down.

That is, until Ignace held out an arm to stop her. "Allow me to descend first, in the event there is something dangerous waiting at the bottom." Vivian stood back to allow him the first honor, watching as he descended into the darkness. The distant echo warned that the distance down was significant, though it didn't deter Vivian from gripping the ladder and climbing down shortly after.

For a little while, there was no sounds beyond the clang of their shoes hitting the metal rungs to stimulate their large ears. At some point, Vivian needed to break the silence. "What do you suppose we'll find at the bottom, Ignace?"

Ignace looked up to look at his lady while replying...and quickly looked away once he saw what that upward gaze brought into his sight. "I-I would think you know better than I, madam. You're the one who's read her journals."

"That's true, but I'd still like to hear your opinion. Oh, you don't suppose there will be monsters in the dark basement, do you?"

"It would be rather unbecoming to clutter one's cellar with monsters, if she expects to get any work don-" His thought was interrupted by a step sound of a different tone, with far more footing. "Oh, we've reached the bottom."

As Vivian climbed down the lowest rungs, Ignace held out his arms to guide her down and support her, gingerly guiding her down into a proper stand. Immediately, the two began looking around for their target. In Vivian's case, either target in her mind would do.

The search didn't last long. "Geez, what the hell?! What do you guys want?!" Evidently, the ladder led directly into the professor's lab, considering she was yelling at them, though the Daemons needed to fully turn around to see her.

Vivian took less than a second to adapt to the new conversation in the new environment. "My name is Vivian Vin Esmero-"

"I don't care! What are you doing here now?!"

"Well, after reading your work, I became very interested in your theories, so I came here to meet you." Vivian tried really hard to make eye contact with Tiggy's one visible eye, but there was something else in the room pulling her attention away, standing ten feet tall behind the professor. "So what's that giant mechanical duck?"

Tiggy was taken aback more at that simple question than she was about Daemons breaking into her home. "Duck?! That is my masterpiece, the power suit, the majestic Swan Song!"

"Oh, my apologies!" Vivian rushed over to Swan Song's side, circling the bird and looking it over. "Truly, a marvel of engineering, Professor Alstein!"

"Ah, at least this Daemon has an eye for the genius! Though, it would be better if it was completed..."

"Completed? What do you mean?"

"Well, there's a distortion site caused by the Dark Current that I would like to study, but to reach it, we would need to cross a lava flow. I need a cooling band and a dragon eye to survive the heat, but the parts lie in Blue's Oasis and the junkyard. You two can help me look!"

Vivian clasped her hands in excitement. "Oh, that sounds like a great idea!"

Ignace, who had remained quiet up until now out of respect for his master's wishes, but he couldn't remain silent forever. "Madam, do you not think she is simply using us?"

Hearing the accusation, Tiggy extended her arm to Ignace and waved it towards the floor. "Heel, doggy! Let the smart girls talk!"

Ignace reeled back. "D-doggy?!" Finally, he needed to put his foot down. "You are in the presence of the noble Esmerode family, your flippant behavior is disgraceful! You will not treat Lady Vivian with such disrespect!"

"Now, now, Ignace, it's quite all right," Vivian assured. "I would love to accompany you on your expedition, Tiggy!"

"Excellent!" Tiggy smacked the leg of Swan Song, and whether she hit a hidden button or the impact knocked it loose, a hatch on the power suit's torso opened and the head flipped back, revealing the pilot's cockpit, upon which she climbed into the seat. "Climb on in!"

Vivian and Ignace looked inside, and at each other in confusion. "It looks like it's only meant for one passenger," Vivian observed.

"Yeah, but the Burning Realm is filled with monsters and lava flow. It's too dangerous to go the distance we're planning unprotected. So we're just gonna have to all squeeze in here. You better not put those hands anywhere weird, doggy!"

"H-how dare you! I conduct myself with the utmost care and respect, I would never partake in any action so demeaning!" Ignace climbed into the cockpit, forcing himself in the tight space behind Tiggy's right shoulder, shoving the small professor aside to make some room.

Tiggy, fighting back, could only question Vivian. "You put up with this guy?"

"He's a wonderful person." Vivian raised her right leg to reach high enough to hit a foothold, and with the limbs apart, a sudden surge reminded her of a prior concern that had all but left her consciousness. Oh, oops. I still haven't found a restroom. Vivian was a special sort, to be able to forget that she badly needed to pee, just because she had gotten excited. Pulling her leg back, she began asking the question she had been meaning to ask ever since arriving. "Actually, professor, would there happen to be a-"

"Vivian, you better get in here quick," Tiggy warned.

"I would also advise you to make haste, madam. The sooner we can accomplish this task, the sooner your impulsive desire can be satisfied and we may return to Daemonia. And the sooner I can exit this cramped cockpit," Ignace complained, sending an elbow into Tiggy's back, who retaliated with a slap to Ignace's face.

As tensions rose, Vivian found that she couldn't get the words to express her need out of her mouth. Perhaps it was just better to hurry along, and wait until after the quest to find a bathroom. She had managed to almost entirely ignore the desperation so far purely out of her bottomless bounds of excitement, and she was about to embark on an adventure the likes of which she had never experienced before. I'm sure this will be stimulating enough to keep me occupied, she rationalized as she jumped and squeezed her way into Swan Song.

###

This power suit really was only built for one person, all three occupants were thinking. It was crowded, it was dark, it was hot, and it was taking forever to reach their destination. "We should have walked," Ignace complained.

"You wouldn't last a second against the local monsters," Tiggy scoffed.

"I'll have you know that I'm very capable in combat, I could protect my lady from the resident dangers."

"Oh, good doggy. Would you like a treat?"

"Please, don't fight." Even Vivian's boundless energy was being tested, and while it was predominantly thanks to the same exhausting circumstances plaguing Ignace and Tiggy, she could not honestly claim that it was the sole cause. She was tired, the air was stifling, and she still needed to pee really badly. All taken together, her patience was being pushed to its limits much the same as her bladder.

Vivian had miscalculated, the continued travel had done nothing to ease her need. Or maybe it would, if they would get to the fun part instead of the deeply uncomfortable travel portion. Her desperation had remained relatively constant since disembarking, but that was hardly a reassuring factor when it was keeping steady at a very painful level, like she could have her accident at any second.

That looming worry may have been because it was truth. After a particularly rough bump in Swan Song's step, Vivian's crotch grew warmer and a little wet. That...that's sweat, right? While there was probably sweat drenched into every square inch of her clothes, this one felt like the other bodily fluid. It was only a small spurt of pee, but for someone of her status, a leak of any size was cause for alarm.

Awkward as it might be, if she wanted to avoid wetting herself, there was only one course of action. "Professor, I understand that this is a strange question to ask, but...is there any chance that the Swan Song has a toilet on-board?"

As soon as the words left her mouth, Vivian could practically feel all sound being sucked out like a vacuum. Even the mechanical whirring of the power suit seemed to dampen as much as her underwear in the silence that followed. Time slowed to a crawl, where all she could do was await the response from Tiggy, whatever that response may be.

However, Ignace ended up being the first one to address the question. "Madam, how could you possibly be so open about matters like this?"

"Well, it may be...quite urgent. I've been meaning to ask for some time, but it's been slipping my mind."

"Knowing your tendencies, I should have reminded you to attend to your businesses before we departed Daemonia. I apologize for neglecting my duties to that degree."

"No, you shouldn't blame yourself for something like this. The fault lies with me for not recognizing this outcome earlier."

Tiggy cleared her throat, taking attention by force. "So, you just forgot to go to the bathroom? And forgot to ask? How does that happen?"

"Hehehehe..." Hardly a convincing explanation.

Tiggy sighed. "You really are an airhead, aren't you?" Reaching down to her feet, she began digging through a pile of junk. "Well, lucky for you, I've got just the solution." Gripping something in the heap, she enthusiastically pulled it into the open and handed it to Vivian. "Here you go!"

Only when she had the object in her hands could Vivian tell what she was just given: a large metal bottle, almost as long as her forearm, with an opening at the top with close to the same circumference. Slowly, she began rotating the container in her hands, the intended purpose becoming all too clear.

Ignace realized Tiggy's proposal the same time Vivian did. "You cannot seriously be suggesting that my lady...relieve herself in a bottle?"

"Sure, why not? I've done it tons while working. It'll be a lot easier for her if you stop looking!"

"I'm hardly the concern here! It's simply...improper to perform such a private and personal act in such closed quarters with others to witness, and in such a location!"

"You're such a prude, doggy!"

"No, I think I have to agree with Ignace," Vivian sided, placing the bottle on the floor. "I wouldn't feel comfortable with you two so close, like I may not be able to...do anything. And I doubt my ability to use this container without causing a mess."

"So, what are you going to do? Because you better not wet yourself in my beautiful Swan Song!"

"I promise, I wouldn't do such a thing to your hard work. So...maybe if you would open the hatch and let me out for a minute?"

"Around here?! You'd be crazy to take your pants off with those monsters roaming around, ready to attack! Or, I guess you don't wear pants..."

Vivian took a second to ponder, before turning to her butler. "Ignace, if you would please accompany and protect me?"

Though it was difficult to see in the darkness, Ignace's face soon bloomed a red brighter than his hair. "I-I'm not so sure that's wise, madam! E-entrusting your safety to another in such a precarious moment!"

"I understand your reluctance, but I wouldn't ask if I had a choice. So, could you, please?"

Ignace could feel his mind being torn in half by the decision presented to him. As Vivian's attendant, one who most often needed to protect Vivian from herself, he just couldn't allow her to expose her most delicate parts in such a dangerous place. Yet, at the same time, this was a clear request from his master. What sort of attendant would he be if he disobeyed a direct order? There was just no correct answer.

He needed to think outside the box, and quickly. "Perhaps we should return to Gearsrock, so that my lady may relieve herself somewhere secure."

"What, when we're all the way out here? We're already almost at Blue's Oasis," Tiggy objected.

Both Daemons sighed in frustration, and Ignace turned to Vivian with a sympathetic look. "Do you think you can last until we reach the oasis?"

"O-of course I can! It can't be that far away, I'll be sure to ask when we arrive." She laughed in the most unconvincing way, folding her hands in her lap and pressing down for pressure.

Ignace turned his focus away from his lady, just in time to miss her press her legs together and grip tight following a bump in the road. Her knees were rocking and rubbing against one another as she cradled her crotch in her palms. I sincerely hope this truly doesn't take much longer, or I can't promise what will happen...

###

At long last, the Swan Song and its packed passengers had arrived at Blue's Oasis, practically falling out of the power suit once the door opened. And the sight they were greeted with was easily different from the environment they had seen elsewhere in the Burning Realm. While the ashen fragments in the air and red haze remained, the ground had green plant life scattered across it, owing its life to the large pool of water hiding in the back, behind a gate and a pair of armed guards.

"Before we go in, let me warn you," Tiggy informed. "Blue is a shrewd man, and he'll throw us out if he thinks we're trying to cheat him. So, just let me do all the talking." As Vivian looked down at her feet, Tiggy added, "I'll ask for the bathroom for you, Vivian."

"P-please do."

"Come on, Blue's office is on the fourth level." Tiggy guided the Daemons to the tiered buildings, connected through rope bridges on the higher levels, at approximately half-speed so as to not leave Vivian behind. Likewise, Ignace draped an arm around his master's shoulders, pushing her along and guiding her. However, from the outside, the assistance seemed unneeded. Vivian looked poised and proper, graceful and elegant. It was only to those that had known her who could tell that she was not usually so stiff.

And she needed to climb a ladder in her handicapped state, a task she could preemptively tell would be horrible. Once again, Vivian made the conscious decision to go last, to ensure that neither Tiggy nor Ignace would have the capacity to see up her dress, and observe what had been a disconcerting quantity of leaks. She could only imagine how big a wet patch the spurts had created on her gray panties.

It wasn't that Vivian wasn't accustomed to holding her urine, she just wasn't used to doing so for long periods of time, as she was now. As Ignace had mentioned before their journey into the human world, Vivian had a tendency to get so invested in her reading that she would forget to do things like use the restroom. As such, when she finished a chapter, or a journal, or an entire book, she would suddenly realize that she needed to relieve herself quite badly, and had ignored it in her concentration. The difference being, when she realized said need in her own home, it was all too simple to take a break and use the toilet before continuing. Now, she had no choice but to hold it far longer than she was comfortable with.

The party reached the third floor balcony, where further ascent was blocked by a Beastfolk guarding the next ladder. "Leave this to me," Tiggy whispered, sauntering to the Beastfolk to announce herself. "Me and my servants want to meet with Blue. He has something I need."

Ignace was taken aback by the declaration. "Servants?!"

"Please, don't do anything to cause a scene right now," Vivian begged. "We really need this Blue's cooperation."

"O-of course, I would do nothing to disrupt your search, madam." Ignace quickly silenced himself, and allowed Tiggy to take the lead, if only for his master's sake.

Whatever conversation Tiggy was having, it had succeeded in convincing the guard to allow their passage. "Lord Blue is a very busy man, so don't waste his time," the Beastfolk sternly advised, stepping aside, allowing Tiggy to climb the ladder, with Ignace following. It was only when Vivian started to pass that he added an inquiry. "Be sure that you are fully prepared before entering Blue's office. Did you remember to use the bathroom?"

No, and that's quite the problem. Vivian said nothing, but she tensed up as she followed her partners up the ladder, hoping that the male Beastfolk would behave himself down below. Ignace helped pull her up as she reached the top, allowing her to land with a bounce, one followed by more bouncing, this time out of pure desperation rather than any momentum. All Ignace and Tiggy could do for her now was look at her in sympathy, as the three ventured into the only hut on this floor.

Once their eyes adjusted to the different lighting conditions, the sight was once again something the Daemons could not have predicted. In the center of the room, in a rickety throne, sat what looked to be a young boy, even younger than Tiggy, who had taken the step ahead. This had to be Blue, they concluded, yet something about his appearance made them uncertain. "This Blue...he couldn't possibly be a Daemon, could he," Ignace quietly offered, leaning towards his master so she could hear.

"He could be...I'm sorry, but I'm not in a place to consider his identity in-depth."

"Of course. My apologies, madam." Ignace returned to his at-attention position, doing his best not to pay any mind towards Vivian's shuffling and shaking in her boots.

Tiggy wasn't giving any attention to the Daemons behind her, instead all geared up to deal with Blue. "It's been a while, Blue, though not long enough, so let's cut the pleasantries."

"You've never displayed them before, so why start now," snarked Blue.

"I want a cooling band, and I know you've got one. Hand it over."

Once again, Ignace could only groan upon observation of the proceedings, though with care to keep quiet. "She says to remain respectful, yet this is how she acts?"

Oblivious of the commentary, Blue continued. "You're talking about my business lifeline. You could say that this oasis only exists because I possess it."

"Yeah, yeah, I know all that. So how much do you want for it?"

Blue cradled his chin in his hand, deep in contemplation, leaving a long enough silence for Vivian to grow impatient with the wait, her wiggling growing faster and more frantic. "Well, one million solis should be sufficient."

Without even taking the time to pat down her pockets or anything, Tiggy turned around to her companions. "You Daemons are rich, right?"

"Regardless of our wealth, we will not be spending a significant amount on one item solely for you."

"I wasn't asking you, doggy, I was asking the airhead."

"Is that how you ask for a favor? If my master hadn't taken a liking to you, I would be properly punishing you for your impudence."

"I-I didn't bring any money with me," Vivian confessed.

Her answer found, Tiggy spun around a half-circle to turn back to Blue, as quickly as she had turned away from him. "I don't have money."

"Now, now, don't tell me you expected me to give away such a rare item for free," Blue chastised.

"That'd be really nice, but I know how corrupt you are. So what do you want for it?"

"Ah, a non-monetary barter. Very well, since you seem to have acquired a few pairs of capable hands, I have a request for you. For a while, a certain monster has made our oasis its den, causing us no end of trouble. It's interfering with my bottom line, so please kill it."

"S-so blunt," Ignace reeled. "He truly is a Daemon."

Tiggy shrugged. "Monster slaying, eh. Easy enough, with my Swan Song."

"I'm glad you understand. I'll send word to the oasis guards to allow your passage. I expect swift results."

The request had ended, Blue sat back in his throne, the discussion was over. And Vivian's question had yet to be breached. The Daemon deliberately cleared her throat, and only then did Tiggy snap her fingers as the memory returned to her. "She needs to use the bathroom before we start. Where is it?"

"Hmm..." Blue again went into a deep, contemplative state, for much longer than Vivian would have liked. "Well, you don't have any money, so the best I can do is add a free visit to your reward for accomplishing your task."

"Come on, look at her!" Tiggy made a grand gesture of holding her arms out, placing Vivian in the focal point between her hands. "This poor woman has been tortured for so long, you can't ask her to wait until we get rid of the monster! Don't you see the pain on her face, the cross in her step? She's in agony!" Tiggy wasn't exactly "lying", though a great deal of Vivian's discomfort was actually from the sudden influx of attention at her most vulnerable moment. Though, being fair, the bladder pain was still severe all its own.

Ignace violently grabbed Tiggy's shoulder, pulling her close and turning her to face him. "What do you think you're doing, reducing my master to nothing more than an example? You're only making it worse for her!"

"No, you're making it worse by being so protective! You're the one being loud! You're embarrassing her!"

"I am simply fulfilling my duties as her sworn guard, protecting her from any sort of danger or shame! You should be counting your blessings that I've overlooked your transgressions up to now!"

"Enough." Though it was quiet, at least comparatively when stacked against Tiggy and Ignace's argument, Vivian's plea instantly silenced the two. "There's no need to fight, I'm capable of waiting until one monster is disposed of. We will fulfill your request, Blue."

"Then I look forward to hearing the results." With nothing more to say. the three exited Blue's office, the sudden rays of the sun bearing down on them like fire. Just being outside in the Burning Realm was enough to make anyone sweat, like Vivian wanted the temptation to have a drink.

"I'll go get Swan Song and meet you at the entrance to the oasis." Tiggy climbed down the ladder they had climbed up what felt like an eternity ago, leaving the two Daemons relatively alone for the first time in what also felt like a millennium.

Working up the nerve for a solid minute, Ignace finally began to speak. "Madam, I apologize for my behavior. I was getting worked up, and I let my emotions get the better of me. I hope you can find it in yourself to forgive-"

"It's quite alright, Ignace." The words were meant to be comforting, that was Vivian's intent, but the stress she had been carrying caused it to come out of her mouth like an indication of a severe lack of patience. "Just please take care to watch yourself in the near future. I trust I do not need to elaborate why it is imperative that we not stir up trouble."

"Yes, for more than just your own sake. Come on, the professor and I will do the heavy lifting." Ignace took Vivian's hand and led her to the ladder, guiding her down each successive descent, allowing her one free hand to hold herself on every floor. Returning to ground level was slow, to put it mildly.

By the time they reached the earth below, Tiggy had already suited up in Swan Song, its large yellow frame waiting at the gates, and had already explained the situation to the guards, removing their only barrier to the inside. The power suit turned around, as its sensors picked up the Daemons approaching. "The monster's at the far end of the oasis, but at least it's the only one."

"You should be grateful that Lord Blue has allowed you to enter the oasis without a fee," one of the guards shouted. "This is a jewel of the world, a true beauty of existence, the envy of all!" He could have kept going, if the trio didn't just walk past him.

While the mere sight of the endless water was already tough for Vivian to stomach, she couldn't have possibly pictured how much worse it would be as soon as she stepped into the pool. The cold water seeping into her boots, soaking into her socks, chilling her feet to the bone, or at least it felt that way after growing accustomed to the searing heat. "Eep!" Reflexively, she leapt away from the freezing, high into the air, like a startled cat.

As to be expected, such a sudden, violent motion was not good for her constitution. Like a response to mirror the wetness in her shoes, a new batch of warm dampness spread across her panties in a soaking splash. And by this point, the undergarment was so saturated with urine, there was no room left to absorb anything extra, not without defying gravity to spread close to the waist. The only place this squirt had to go was straight down her thighs, quickly snaking into her tall socks. Yet, somehow, her prominent ears never picked up the sound of drops of water falling into the larger pond. Her tail had found its way between her thighs at some point as well, the long fur sullied by the warm liquids seeping from the Daemon.

Without any thought of what she was doing, how it would look, Vivian shot both hands straight under her dress, clutching her privates with everything she had, in an attempt to physically hold the rest of her bladder's contents back. It was certainly not an easily-won battle, with more spurts jetting through despite her best efforts, but perseverance came out victorious in the end. For a good long while after her bladder had ceased its spasming in a bid to forcibly void itself, Vivian couldn't even trust that the trial was over, gripping like her life depended on it as she shuddered in the strain.

Her head had also fallen downwards in the turmoil, and when she found the strength to open her eyes, her gaze was filled with nothing but the pure blue water that had caused this wave. The mere sight almost caused a repeat, though it filled her thoughts with one overwhelming idea. There's so much water already...

"I can read what you're thinking," Tiggy chimed in, shaking Vivian back to the real world. "And you better not even think about it. You heard Blue talk about how precious he holds this oasis, the way the Beastfolk praise him for maintaining it. You dirty it, we'll be facing Blue's wrath for the rest of our lives."

"I-I apologize for thinking such unclean thoughts." But I can't resist the allure for much longer, you understand!

"Well, please refrain yourself from that sort of desire," Ignace advised. "We have a duty to fulfill, and focus will allow us to leave sooner. Just hold out a moment longer, madam."

"O-of course! I will take utmost care to remain steady!"

"We won't keep you longer than absolutely necessary, I promise! Onwards!" Tiggy led the charge deep into the oasis, the Daemons having no choice but to trail behind, Vivian much slower, gritting her teeth as every successive step renewed the arctic-like conditions in her extremities, and the spring stretched on for what felt like miles. Tears began to well under her eyes as she pushed herself to her limit to simply last.

Without even realizing the distance they had covered, Ignace had to manually stop his master by extending an arm to act as a barrier, though the impact was softened to safe levels by the collision point of Vivian's cushions. "We found the monster, Vivian. I'll blast it away myself, if that makes it easier for you!" At least Tiggy was confident in the outcome.

Vivian, against many of her better wishes, forced her eyes open to bear witness to the beast. There were many incarnations of evil she had read about in her history books to imagine this creature to be, but when she gazed upon it for herself, it defied all expectations. A cephalopod, twice as tall as her, standing upright, with a cute cape, scarf, and staff, huddled in a circle of rocks against the stone wall. Vivian's path became clear. "We cannot kill this animal."

The sudden proclamation caught Tiggy off-guard. "What?! What now?!"

"I'm with the professor." The surprises kept escalating, hearing Ignace say that. "You understand what rests on our victory here, better than us."

"I recognize that, but look at him! I believe this creature bears no ill will, don't you agree?"

Tiggy and Ignace looked back over the monster, up and down, several times. At some point, there was no recourse but in each other. "Is she usually this easily swayed by animals, or has she gone delirious from desperation? Does she keep weird pets? I mean, aside from you, doggy?"

"Madam, do you realize what you're saying? You heard Blue, he claims this creature attacked the residents of the oasis!"

"Oh, I'm sure he was just playing, his own way of making friends. Don't you agree?"

Tiggy took her turn convincing Vivian. "But Blue told us to kill it. He's a cold-hearted businessman who pulls the strings behind this realm's economy. You're making a big mistake if you think he'll be swayed by emotion. We're not coming up with the money, so this might be the only way to get what we need. To get what you need, in case you forgot."

"I-I understand that, but regardless of my condition, I cannot bring harm to an innocent creature. We cannot disturb this world's order, simply to further our own desires."

"While I certainly agree with you in principle, madam, I sincerely doubt that Blue will allow you access to the restroom if we do not honor our deal. Are you sure this is the road you wish to take?" Even Ignace was trying to talk her out of a potentially ill-informed decision.

"I...I'll just have to manage a little while longer. It can't be that bad, right?" Very deliberately, straining like she needed to move through solid stone, Vivian pulled a hand from her delicates, stroking the monster's side in a gentle pet. "Please leave this oasis. I cannot guarantee your safety if you stay here."

Like it somehow understood the language, the creature fled, climbing the outer walls with its large tentacles and escaping out of sight over the barrier. Vivian gave one wave goodbye, before that hand went straight back to her lower parts. "Regardless of what may come from it, I believe this was the right decision."

"We did remove the beast from the oasis, per Blue's request. Do you suppose that counts as accomplishing our given task," Ignace questioned.

Tiggy shook her head. "I'm not going to hold out hope."

###

"I believe I asked you to slay the beast." As the only one of the trio with prior experience with Blue, Tiggy's prediction was closest to the truth. "Now that you've let it flee, it could return in the future."

"Yeah, that's what I figured you'd say. Fine, this was a waste of time. Goodbye and farewell." Tiggy started to leave, gesturing Vivian and Ignace to exit with her.

"You're so impatient." Blue's continuing words halted the three, and Tiggy had to turn back to hear the rest, when she'd much rather leave and never see the merchant again. "Though you failed the mission, you still succeeded in driving the monster away. In recognition of your partial success, you may have this." He motioned for one of his servants in the room to approach, a servant holding a small blue box, a cooler as it turned out, and handed it to Tiggy.

Looking the contraption over, Tiggy nodded. "I suppose I can do something with this."

Since they were on the topic of rewards, Vivian quickly stepped forward. "If you're in a generous mood, may I please use your restroom now?"

"Don't push your luck." And just like that, Vivian's hopes were dashed, totally and thoroughly.

Sensing the awkwardness, and how time was now of the essence, Tiggy went to leave again, for real this time. "Come on, we're still missing the sea dragon eye. Let's go." With no reason to stay, the party began their descent to leave the oasis, out the door and down the multiple ladders again, all the while stopping every two seconds to let Vivian catch up.

Once they reached the bottom, Tiggy opened up Swan Song's hatch and climbed into the pilot's seat. Ignace and Vivian's faces both fell as they realized they would need to squeeze into the cockpit once more, yet had no choice but to compress themselves in the limited space. Meanwhile, Vivian also needed to be careful how she contorted her legs, in a way to keep them crossed with steady footing, while simultaneously keeping the space before her abdomen free in case of a sudden, jolting crash.

As Ignace squished himself into the corner, he asked, "I presume we will be returning to Gearsrock now?"

"Well, it's technically closer to the junkyard. We can get the sea dragon eye and complete the quest all at once."

"Please tell me the junkyard has a bathroom," Vivian chimed in.

"There's always a bunch of scavengers hanging around, they've probably set something up."

Ignace growled. "That's hardly a sure vote of confidence! Your vast hunt has put my master through enough, it's far past time to bring her to a restroom you've denied her in your own interest!"

"Hey, you can't blame me for this! I would have gladly let her use my bathroom if she had brought it up while we were there! And I asked Blue for her sake! It's not my fault she's too much of an airhead to think forward! Besides, I seem to recall you talking her out of just going outside when she asked. Where's that undying loyalty now, doggy?"

"I fail to see the issue with discouraging my master from needlessly exposing herself in an unsafe location! It would be more irresponsible of me to allow such a risky proposition!"

"The 'issue' is that my beautiful Swan Song is going to be covered in Daemon pee because her servant doesn't want her to just pop a squat! You're going to be the one cleaning up if she makes a mess!"

"May I please interject?" Again, despite her low volume, Vivian's voice was enough to blanket silence over any heated argument. "I am willing to believe that there will be something of use in the junkyard, especially if the junkyard is indeed closer than Gearsrock. However, I will earnestly request that we depart immediately, instead of just waiting around."

"Oh, right." Tiggy closed the hatch, enveloping them in darkness, amplifying the heat in the metal enclosure, Ignace's nose turning upwards as the recirculated air allowed his enhanced Daemon senses to effortlessly pick up Vivian's...pungent leakings. Vivian could clearly smell it too, yet she still smiled. However, one didn't need attuned senses to tell that peaceful expression was a facade, that mask the only thing separating Vivian's almost-constant gleeful demeanor from an ocean of worry...and urine.

###

After all the time spent in Blue's Oasis, a marvel of the Burning Realm, the junkyard was quite the step down. No natural life, piles upon piles of trash, just an atmosphere of bleak refuse. The odor was also incredibly unpleasant, though honestly, Ignace preferred this more general smell to the localized scent of his master he had been overwhelmed with the whole walk over. In any case, he was more than happy to be out in the open again.

Vivian had also jumped straight out of Swan Song as soon as the hatch popped open, and had gone all-in on frantic searching, just of a completely different variety than the true object of their hunt. Hobbling around every corner, she peeked her head behind every wall, hoping that this would be the one where she finally found something she recognized as a toilet.

The true level of her desperation was all too evident to any bystanders now. Her dress was so short, barely covering past her rear, the overbearing sun shone brightly off her soaking thighs, a casual observer would be forgiven for thinking she had already had an accident, if not for the telltale body motions of a woman holding back a flood greater than the Rain Realm's water that Vivian was showing off uncontrollably. Crossed legs, rocking on heels, knees knocking together, butt wiggling and tail swishing, hands trembling, shivering all over, Vivian had it all covered every time she stopped, and it all looked pitiable.

Watching his lady's frenzied search go on and on, Ignace could already see where this was going. "Looks like your assumption on the presence of a restroom or related substitute was incorrect after all," he remarked to the side, smug about time proving him correct.

"Hey, we haven't looked at the whole junkyard yet! You see all the scavengers, they've got to be using something."

"Yes, and my concern is that it's not a private solution, one not safe for an unsuspecting woman surrounded by strange men, in the lawless world of the humans."

"I'm sure it's not so dire, paranoid doggy. Vivian kept up with my theories and papers, so she's a smart girl. She can handle this with care and modesty."

Just as soon as Tiggy expressed her faith in Vivian, the Daemon of the hour approached an old man scavenger digging through the trash. "Excuse me, sir, is there a restroom close by? Please say yes." All the while, her potty dancing continued with as much intensity as ever.

Immediately, Ignace and Tiggy were rendered speechless, mouths agape in shock. Ignace quickly found his voice, however, adding an additional detail. "Did I mention that Lady Vivian has not left Daemonia before?"

"That explains so much about her behavior."

Ignace rushed to his master's side, pulling her away from the stranger. "Madam, please do not be so careless about who you reveal your secrets to!"

"B-but he may have my answer! If I don't find a restroom very soon, I..."

"Alright, this has gone on long enough. We're going back to Gearsrock right now." Grabbing Vivian's sleeve, he began pulling her back to the junkyard entrance, where Swan Song awaited.

They made it about a dozen feet, around a corner and corridor, while Vivian attempted to maintain her holding posture without control over her footing, until she finally stamped down and planted her boots in the rubble. "I'm not going to make it back to Gearsrock. Unless I find some place to relieve myself now, I'm going to have an accident! I'd at least like some location that offers a small amount of privacy if I am to do my business, and it only makes sense that those often in the area would know the best place to do so!"

"B-but you have no idea how any of these humans could act with knowledge of your need, they could-"

"I'm sure they're not as bad as you believe them to be. But if you're worried, then I'd feel much safer if you would stand guard."

Just as he did the last time she suggested this, Ignace's face flushed bright crimson. "I-I-I said before, I cannot possibly stand so close while you are engaged in such a private act!"

"Ignace, I am giving explicit permission for you to stand as close as needed to suitably protect me!"

"E-even so, it would be u-unbecoming to c-close that distance..."

In a rare moment, Vivian growled and interrupted her attendant. "Ignace. If this is what it takes, then I order you to keep watch and stand guard."

Ignace stammered and stuttered, clearly still incredibly uncomfortable with the proposition, but if there was one trait he possessed, it was loyalty. The master had given him a direct order, how could he live with himself if he deliberately disobeyed? There was no denying that Vivian was on her last legs, urine dripping between her thighs, Ignace understood exactly why she was so frantic, it was just...Vivian's body beneath clothing should be off-limits to a mere servant. That's how it should be, never mind a few assorted moments of entering a room, not realizing Vivian was changing or still in the bath across the years.

However, while his duty was an important factor to consider, there was something else weighing heavily on the decision: Vivian. Vivian looked so sad as she barely held onto her bladder control in the middle of a junkyard, begging Ignace to assist her before she disgraced herself in a way no member of House Esmerode should be subjected to.

"Very well. Let me find an area away from prying eyes." While an argument could be made to the end that assisting her was part of his duties, regardless of the subject matter, that wasn't what swayed him. He just couldn't bear to see his master so upset, so he turned away and put one foot forward to find a spot where Vivian could have some privacy.

That one foot was the furthest he got. "Ah, no," came a shout from behind him, of course from Vivian, accompanied by the light pattering of water drops hitting the uneven terrain.

Almost instantaneously, Ignace rushed back to his master's side. "What is it now?"

"I...I can't make it any farther...Would you please secure this spot instead?"

"H-here?!" The location where Vivian's body chose to act out was far from an ideal one. The piles of rubbish adorning the junkyard were common and large, but they were not all-encompassing. Plenty of gaps in the trash walls meant that an intruder could come from near-any angle, and Vivian was right in the middle of it.

Exactly as feared at exactly the right time, someone came around the corner, with heavy footsteps shaking the ground. Ignace put himself between Vivian and the unknown trespasser, ready to defend his master from whatever approached. It turned out to be unnecessary, as a large yellow mecha came into view, the duck-like design familiar before it pointed out a wing arm, cannon attached, at the Daemons. "Hey, what do you think you're doing with her, doggy?"

"I am simply assisting my master to the best of my..." Looking at the large frame of Swan Song, Ignace got an idea to solve his and Vivian's dilemma. "Professor, is that power suit able to move the piles of trash? We need to give Vivian some cover here!"

Tiggy caught on quickly. "Understood!" Swan Song rushed to one of the gaps in the junk, using a wing to scrape across the top and dump the extra into the gap, creating a makeshift barricade, blocking one of the many entryways.

Soon, two divides were filled, then three, then four. A third of the tunnels were made inaccessible relatively quickly, the trio would have reasonable privacy soon enough. Watching the work up until now, Ignace began turning to Vivian to inform her of the proceedings. "Your chance will arrive soon, madam, just wait for a mere moment longer."

The sight awaiting him when he turned to face Vivian was quite possibly the last thing he could have predicted: the heiress to House Esmerode, almost facing Ignace straight-on, hunched forward and lowering into a squatting position, hands halfway down her thighs, and in their grip were gray panties. Her gray panties, soaked to the point that one could nearly mistake her for having jumped into water, being pulled right down to her knees. Her short dress was being held partway up her stomach by her raised elbows, freeing her tail to swing to its heart's content. At its base, Ignace could see the curvature of her rear end, only barely in view from his position, and on the other side of her torso, far more in focus, was her...

"Gah!" Covering his eyes with both arms raised in a blocking motion, Ignace staggered back and swiveled away. "M-madam! The area isn't sealed off yet! Please refrain yourself from-"

Whatever else Ignace had to say, it was soon drowned out. Specifically, by the overpowering noise of a gushing waterfall of urine, hissing as it escaped Vivian and slammed into the ground beneath. Directly at the point of impact was a rough bit of junk jutting out of the larger trash, splitting the crashing stream and sending bits of the stream flying in all directions, creating small puddles everywhere, even on her shoes. The sound was multiplied five times over as each splash echoed through the enclosed space, transforming what would have already been loud into something deafening.

Finally, Vivian found the energy to speak, not an easy feat with the unceasing pleasure coursing through every vein. "My apologies, Ignace, but it really...really was now or never..." That one sentence was all she could manage before devolving into a long, heavy, pleasant sigh of utter bliss in relief. "Haaaahhhhhh..." She smiled wide as her eyelids grew heavy and fell shut.

Her vision obstructed, Vivian was not paying attention to the finer details of her little tinkle, not that she would have any reason to. She couldn't see the dirty yellow pee rushing between her legs, couldn't see the multiple puddles combining as their radii expanded too much to remain separate, and couldn't see the foam building up and floating to the outer bounds of the water's surface. It didn't matter, what mattered was the pure euphoria of relieving her aching, bursting bladder. And wow, was it a beautiful feeling.

The roles were reversed, just as soon as Vivian could relax, Tiggy and Ignace were on high alert. With literally negative time left, Swan Song was scrambling to fill all the remaining holes, sloppily knocking trash piles over, whatever it took to create a satisfactory barricade. And she wasn't happy about rushing to do everything herself. "Hey, doggy, get to work!"

Ignace was being much less helpful, standing perfectly still, faced directly opposite Vivian, a sizable distance away, rigid and unmoving. "If I were to approach the gaps in the wall to assist, I might catch a glimpse of my master's shame!"

"I don't like seeing it either, but do you think she'd be happy with you if someone unfamiliar were to 'catch a glimpse of her shame' because you weren't doing anything?!"

Truth be told, Vivian couldn't care. She had accomplished her goal, she was taking her giant pee without it passing through her underwear first, nothing could dampen the joy from that simple success. Shuddering from the surges of release, eliciting a breathy moan every time, it was all too easy to forget that she was in the center of a junkyard, her privates fully exposed to anyone at the right angle. But how could she be expected to keep that in mind, when any scattered rational thoughts were awash in a golden ocean of pleasure? Even the loud crashing of falling garbage was hardly a blip to her sensitive ears over the raging rapids of urine in much closer proximity.

As expected with that kind of pouring flow, Vivian's bladder needed to hit its limit eventually, a minute later, maybe more, maybe less. Giving an extra second and one more push to ensure she was truly empty, she gave one last sigh, signaling the conclusion to her long story of desperation. "Phew...oh, I feel a hundred times better now!"

With no reason to keep her eyes closed any longer, Vivian slowly lifted her eyelids, and with her head having fallen in the total relaxation of earlier, the first sight her gaze met was her "handiwork", all the tea she had consumed far earlier, slowly seeping through the cracks of the flattened trash making up the ground, yet an impressive amount remained in plain sight at the moment. Vivian was far from a small girl, yet the mere idea that she could hold that much pee seemed unbelievable. I've certainly never filled the toilet at home by that much.

Even if it seemed incredible, there was compelling physical evidence to the magnitude of her emergency, found directly on her panties. Easily half the total surface area of the item was darkened, drenched into every fiber of the crotch and a majority of the rear. "Oh dear, that's quite a lot. I'll need to make washing that my first task upon returning." Unfortunately, thanks to her dress length, leaving the garment off was just not wise. And without a handkerchief to wipe herself dry, they were only going to become more wet when she returned them to their proper place on her person. Standing up halfway, Vivian pushed her butt out behind her and wiggled her hips to shake off whatever lingering drops she could, her tail swinging with the rhythm.

That's when she noticed her tail not swaying right behind her, like it felt heavier than usual. And it was just fur, there shouldn't have been any noticeable weight. Swiveling her head back to look behind her, the problem was immediately apparent: the outer half of her tail was shining, a drop sliding down and falling off the end. Considering how the furry appendage hung limp behind her as she squatted close to the ground, she had a pretty good idea where that dampness came from. "And I will certainly need to wash myself, as well." Until she found a bath, she would just need to deal with the uncomfortable wet clothes. Luckily, it took a lot more than that to bother Vivian, she didn't hesitate in yanking her wet undies right back up, feeling the waistband press against the base of her tail.

That's when her attention was finally expanded, back to acknowledging her partners' presence. Tiggy had since abandoned making things comfortable for Vivian, now instead giving up alongside the Daemon butler. "Ignace! Tiggy! I've finished over here!" Slowly, carefully, feeling her panties stick to her skin and peel off with every step, Vivian approached her friends.

Only that unmistakable authorization could make Ignace turn around now. "Madam, I'm glad to see you're alright. That was incredibly risky, you realize."

Vivian nodded. "I recognize that, though I had very little choice at the time. I promise, I will take care to not repeat this incident."

"So, you're all good now," Tiggy inquired.

"Yes, I feel quite a degree better after that small break."

A scent had spread while the three were talking, and now Ignace picked it up, reflexively covering his nose. "I think it's high time we returned to Gearsrock to clean off, or better yet, Daemonia."

"What? We're already in the junkyard, it would be a waste to leave now," Vivian argued. "Besides, Tiggy has helped us up to now, we owe it to her to complete the task we already promised to fulfill."

"Not that I'm not glad you agree with me, but are you absolutely sure? Wet clothes can't be comfortable." As an aside, further dampened by Swan Song's thick chassis so that only she could hear, Tiggy added, "Believe me, I know."

"I'll be fine. I'm sure this won't take too long, and we'll be back in Gearsrock before you know it!"

###

Vivian was partially correct. The journey through the junkyard did not take long, the water devil holding the sea dragon eye was disposed of quickly, and even the necessary adjustments to Swan Song were completed in the field. However, Tiggy had insisted on investigating a place called "Pandemonium", now that Swan Song could cross the lava flow and reach it, meaning another piling into the power suit, with all three forced to cover their noses thanks to Vivian's odor.

True to its name, Pandemonium was where things quickly spiraled out of control. There, they discovered ancient ruins, fought another water devil, destroyed an Ether Gear, and the ruins began moving through the water like a boat, on autopilot and nearly crashing into the Rain Realm, breaking the ark. There, they met two other adventurers, Galil and Azura, and with Tiggy busy fixing the place to get it moving once more, everyone else had nothing to do but wait around. Suffice to say, Vivian and Ignace would not be returning to Daemonia any time soon.

Still, it wasn't all bad. The ship was stocked, and Ignace had managed to locate a supply closet with a few buckets, even filled two with a supply of clean drinking water. In an onboard bedroom claimed by the Daemons, Vivian was on the bed, brushing her tail while dipping it in one of the full buckets, while Ignace, at a small desk, was using the other to rinse off Vivian's stockings and...smallclothes. No telling what he'd see if he were to look over at his master sitting on the bed. Or rather, he knew exactly what he'd see, and that's why he wasn't looking.

The moment was plenty awkward as the two cleaned in silence, the only thing that could break it was Ignace getting something off his chest. "Madam...I'd like to apologize for my behavior earlier."

"Apologize? For not preventing my near-accident? You don't need to worry about that. I recognize it was my own fault for leaving home without a proper visit to the facilities, for not asking Tiggy while we were in her laboratory, and especially for letting the creature in the oasis go free."

"No, I wanted to apologize for not taking your need as seriously as it demanded. I waited far too long before putting my foot down, demanding to return to Gearsrock. Perhaps if I had been more aggressive, the professor would have relented. And I refused to listen to your earnest requests for help early on, in the interest of maintaining your modesty, instead waiting until you gave a direct order."

"Oh, you don't need to apologize for that, Ignace. You were simply looking out for me in the best way you knew. Yes, it didn't turn out ideal, but then it's a chance to learn, and that's the greatest gift of all!"

Hearing justification like that, Ignace couldn't help but smile. "No matter where you go, madam, you're an eccentric, through and through."

"Hehe, it's not a bad thing to be. Though..." Pulling her hands out of the cold water, she began twiddling her thumbs together. "I'd also like to apologize for something. For misusing my authority. It wasn't fair to force you to act in a way clearly uncomfortable to you, all for my own benefit. And for losing my temper as I did..."

"Think nothing of it, madam! You are my master, it is well within your right to-"

"But I prefer not to view our relation as one of master and servant. Regardless of what you do for me, Ignace, I enjoy your companionship."

Ignace stopped working, processing the statement, leaving the bedroom silent until he had a reply. "If I may be so bold, madam, I...I feel quite the same. Tiring though they can be, your eccentricities are charming. It is far more than simple duty that keeps me loyal to you."

"So I can count on your continued support? It would appear I shall need it!"

"Yes, you may always...what do you mean, 'appear you shall need it'?"

"We just discovered a new mystery about the Ether Gears and the Dark Current! We found this ship! We met two new humans! Our adventure is far from over now! Oh, what do you suppose Galil and Azura are like? Where do you suppose we shall embark to next? The mere prospect gives me goosebumps!"

Whatever may be said about Vivian Vin Esmerode, one could not claim she dwelled on the negatives. If they hadn't been there to witness, it would be impossible to guess that today was possibly the most embarrassing day of her centuries-long adult life. This quirk was a fact that Ignace had long since grown accustomed to, yet even still, he needed to question it. "Even after today's strenuous circumstances, you would still jump at continuing further?"

"Of course! I wish to see the world for all its beauty, meet its inhabitants, make friends!" With Vivian beaming brighter than the sun, Ignace could only shake his head and return to cleaning. His master could often be impossible to predict, though never on as large a scale as this, yet he continued to serve her, because she had a way of making life fun. Wherever this alliance of humans and Daemons would go, it was sure to be an unforgettable journey.

