My Little Sister Can't Be Peeing Her Pants!! - OreImo one shot

Author: Constantlydesp

*000*2025-08-07 21:29

This is a Ore no Imouto ga Konnani Kawaii Wake ga Nai fanfiction I wrote about 10 years ago. It features Kirino and Ayase, both 18, doing a photoshoot together when Kirino finds herself in need of a break...

CW: There is a short mention of adult diapers/ABDL at the end of the story.

“Okay, girls, you’re doing great!” the photographer smiled towards Kirino and Ayase, who posed on a nearby bench. They both looked up and smiled back. The two girls were wearing the new Summer/Fall line from a popular fashion brand and posing for a magazine. Kirino wore brighter colours, to match her strawberry blonde hair, compared to her dark haired companion, who was dolled up in rich browns and creams.

“Can we go pose over there next?” Ayase said as she pointed to a nearby shady tree. The photographer glanced over and took a couple of test shots.

“Looks like it should be fine, Aragaki-san!” the photographer gave her a thumbs up and Ayase headed over to the tree. Meanwhile, Kirino hesitated and stayed sat on the bench. She looked up at Ayase, who noticed a bead of sweat appeared on Kirino’s forehead.

“Is everything alright, Kirino?” She asked.

“Everything is fine!” Kirino replied nervously, waving her hands. She composed herself and stood up slowly. Oh man… I need to go, Kirino thought to herself as small jab of pain pulsed in her bladder. She looked around but there were no toilets to be found. The closest place to go would be in the mall and that’s on the other side of the park! She walked over to where her best friend was, each step harder to take than the last.

“You look pale, Kousaka-san,” The photographer said and pulled a bottle of isotonic drink from the cooler next to him, “Why don’t you take a quick drink?” Kirino looked at him in shock and took the drink from his hand. Out of politeness, she took a few gulps and handed it back. She wiped her cheek with a handkerchief from her pocket and tried her best to look refreshed. She took her place next to Ayase and smiled for the camera.

Click, click, click! Time passed swiftly as the girls posed and smiled until their cheeks began to ache. Kirino forgot about the pain in her abdomen and began to enjoy herself again. After about an hour, it was time to stop for the day. The girls sat chatting for a while with drinks in hands. Kirino took a sip, enjoying the feeling of the cool liquid running down her chest.

“I’m going home now. Would you like to walk with me?” Ayase motioned to Kirino, who stood up. A sharp pain stabbed her in the stomach, making her stop in her tracks. Crap! I still have to pee! Kirino thought. She had forgotten all about her little problem while focusing on her work. She smiled and nodded at her friend, feeling heat begin to gather in her face and her cheeks turning bright red. Ayase looked at her friend in concern, wondering if she was suffering from heat stroke. She dug in her bag and pulled out a bottle of water.

“Here, you should make sure you keep hydrated. Your skin will look bad if you don’t.” She said to Kirino, handing her the lukewarm bottle.

“Oh, thanks, Aya-chan. I guess I’ve just been so into it today that I forgot to have a drink.” Kirino took the bottle and unscrewed the lid, draining half of the bottle into her already full bladder. It continued to throb and twinge and her muscles began to ache as they held back her pee.

“Do you mind if we stop by the mall on the way home?” Kirino turned and asked her friend. Ayase looked at her phone, scrolling through her email.

“I’m sorry, I can’t, Kirino. I have to go straight home to cook dinner tonight.” She looked at Kirino sympathetically. Kirino just frowned and looked around nervously. She began to feel desperate; looking around to make sure no one would see her adjust herself, so she could hold it more comfortably. I’m sure I can wait until we get to Aya-chan’s house, I think, Kirino thought. She wondered on along with Ayase, who kept glancing at the flustered Kirino. As the two walked, Kirino continued to adjust herself and grab at her stomach. They passed the mall, a fast food restaurant, a station, even a bar, each containing a toilet that Kirino so desperately needed. The pained look on her face was starting to become extremely obvious to Ayase, who looked at Kirino with a worried expression.

“Is everything alright Kirino? Do you have a stomach ache?” She asked. Kirino looked at her friend in surprise, she hadn’t realised her discomfort had been so noticeable. She couldn’t possibly tell Ayase the truth. An 18-year-old girl who couldn’t even control her bladder? She’d laugh at Kirino for sure and never speak to her again. She quickly made up a lie.

“Oh, i-it’s nothing. I’m just a l-little hungry.” Kirino said to Ayase, who didn’t believe her for one second. Was Kirino about to be exposed?

“Don’t lie to me, Kirino. Stomach upsets shouldn’t be taken lightly. Do you need me to call your brother?” Oh god no, Kirino thought. It’s bad enough that she was about to pee her pants in front of her best friend, but her brother too? That would be too much. She thought up more lies but nothing seemed believable. Her bladder was bulging and painful and she was starting to lose control. She felt a little leak drop into her lacy panties. This is it, she thought to herself, I’m about to experience pure humiliation and pee myself. Ayase looked on with concern for her friend, oblivious to the panic going through Kirino’s mind right now.

“Look, we’re nearly at my house so let’s just get there and I can ask my mother what to do. Can you make it, Kirino?” She said and put her reassuring hands on Kirino’s shoulders. Kirino nodded and tried to walk more. Every step was painful, with more of her hot piss dripping into her panties. It took all of Kirino’s might to not grab her crotch and stop the flow. She could see Ayase’s house in the distance but every step felt like she was only a centimetre closer.

TRUE END

Kirino wasn't going to make it. Her bladder was full to the brim and nothing was going to stop it now. She stopped for a moment and looked around, hoping she would find somewhere she could hide herself while she freed herself. Ayase looked at her again with concern, like she knew something was wrong and it wasn't that Kirino was sick.

"Alright, Kirino, you need to tell me what is wrong, right now!"She said to her best friend in a stern tone. Kirino looked at the ground in shock. How could she ever admit to her friend that she was about to wet herself? She turned around to face Ayase. Out of the corner of her eye, she spotted a dark alleyway behind Ayase. Without a word, she dashed for it, hiding herself in the shadow. Ayase, who knew that Kirino was hiding something, ran after her and grabbed her by the wrist.

"Aya-chan, please! Let me go! I'm not going to make it! Please!" Kirino begged her friend... but it was too late. As she struggled for freedom from her friend, so did her piss free itself from her bladder. Ayase looked down at the source of the trickling sound. She watched in horror as Kirino's dress and the floor below her became soaked with her pee. Kirino stopped scrabbling to be free and her knees began to buckle beneath her. Luckily, Ayase still had hold of her and stopped her from falling into her mess. As Kirino's stream of urine slowed, Ayase lifted her eyes to see Kirino's filling with tears. Her face was red from struggling and embarrassment. Kirino was humiliated and more than anything, wanted to run away from her friend.

"Kirino... you should have told me." Ayase said quietly.

"I didn't want you to make fun of me." Kirino sniffed. She looked up at her friend, who was smiling softly. She didn't look like she was going to laugh though, instead it looked caring. Ayase loosened her grip on Kirino's wrist and instead took her by the hand.

"Come on, let's go to my house and get you cleaned up." Ayase whispered, handing Kirino her jacket to hide herself with.

BAD END

Kirino tied Ayase's jacket around her waist, covering up the wet stain on her dress with the back of the jacket. As they walked to Ayase's house, they were quiet. Neither of them wanted to say anything about the events that just unfolded, they just wanted to get home. Soon enough, they reached the door.

"I'm home!" Ayase called out to her mother as she walked in. No reply. She must be out. Good. Ayase thought to herself with a smile. She took her shoes off and slipped on a pair of stylish slippers, pulling out a guest pair for Kirino. Then, still leading Kirino by the hand, they walked upstairs and into the bathroom.

"I'll leave you here to bathe and when you are done, come to my room. I'll get some clean clothes prepared for you." Ayase said to Kirino, who simply nodded in reply. She left her friend to take off her dirty clothes and walk into the washroom, then took the clothes to be washed.

When Kirino finished, she joined Ayase in her room. Ayase was sat on her bed with various sets of clothes set out beside her. The first thing Kirino noticed was that these clothes were not from Ayase's regular wardrobe. They were all bright in colour, ranging from pastel baby pink to vanilla yellows and soft greens. None of these items were things that Ayase would wear so she had to wonder why she had them. She scanned across the clothes until her eyes came across something surprising. Beside the lightly coloured garments, was pack of adult diapers...

I hope you enjoyed reading this one shot story. I'm still pretty proud of this one and would love to write more! Maybe with some encouragement, I'll get around to writing something else. Thanks for reading!

