Stream of Kindness (Suikoden)

Author: Captain L

*006*2018-08-27 22:59

Fredegund of Astrasia was wandering the halls of the large Castle Ratselhaft, poking her head around, worry splayed across her face. She had only been in this castle for a week, after all, its many rooms and four floors were foreign to her. Very recently, she had been a part of the Order of the One True Way, its message of finding peace in the one predetermined path giving her hope after her lowest moment of losing her home of Pharamond. It was only after a duel with her pride and joy older sister, Chrodechild, that awakened her sensibilities, her connection to the legendary Divine Edge, and her desire to see justice prevailed. That's why she joined Viele Wege Company in opposition to the Order. And to be closer to her sister once again.

She was unable to get that second wish. The two had a little time to reconnect as the Company stationed itself in Pharamond when they recaptured the city, when Fredegund was brought to the ways of the Starbearers, but it couldn't last. Chrodechild, along with Liu and their leader Sieg, had been pulled into a Gateway when archivists of the Order snuck into Pharamond to steal the Chronicles, and nothing had been heard from them since. The Company returned to Ratselhaft to await their return, now that Pharamond was no longer safe, and while everyone said they weren't giving up hope for Sieg, Liu, and Chrodechild's return, there was this air of discomfort about it, like they were denying the truth they could all see.

However, that wasn't the reason Fredegund was worried right now. She just wasn't thinking about it; if she did, she'd break down and become useless. No, the problem now was that Fredegund was lost. She was too afraid to ask for a tour around the castle, and with so many rooms, trying to find one specific room was like finding a needle in a haystack. As such, she spent most of the prior week sitting quietly in the quarters of Chrodechild's Blades of Night's Veil, Meruvis and Roberto not knowing how to approach her.

However, every once in a while, she would need to venture out to search for one specific location: the restroom. Fredegund was capable in the field, but her bladder wasn't bottomless. A massive castle like this had to have a bathroom somewhere, but Fredegund had yet to find it, and couldn't build up the courage to ask. Each time she made the journey out to find relief, she'd check another wing, in the hopes it would finally have the closet she was looking for.

By now, she was starting to doubt there even was one. It had been a week now, three checks a day before she got sick of searching and instead ran outside to use the cover of Flesaria Forest as her toilet. Given how many failures her hunts had produced, she could only surmise that each of the Starbearers was doing the same. It wasn't like she wasn't used to relieving herself in a natural environment, it was just a little less than ideal. But when Fredegund needed it as bad as she currently did, it was still a perfect alternative.

Thankfully, there was no one visible in the forest directly outside the castle's entrance archway. Fredegund didn't see the need to wander far, lest she get lost, so long as she hid behind the flora enough to hide her actions. Not to mention, she didn't want to suffer with her bladder for longer than necessary. Squirming, wiggling her hips, she gingerly placed one hand over the crotch of her pants and briskly walked over to the nearby bushes and ferns.

She reached the patch of soil that would soon become her bathroom, hooking her thumbs over the waistband of her pants, ready to pull them down. That is, until she heard the sound of multiple pairs of boots trampling the path up to the castle. This would ordinarily be enough reason for Fredegund to halt her actions, she wasn't okay with anyone besides her sister seeing her pee, even if they couldn't see the details. Well, that's exactly what happened. As the mystery people approached past the treeline separating their views of each other, Fredegund could see their identities. Aside from one young adult male and a young woman, both with pale skin and tattooed lines over their bodies, the rest were easily identifiable. Sieg, Liu (with tattoos of his own now), and... "Sister!"

Chrodechild jumped in surprise at the exclamation, not used to hearing Fredegund's voice after years apart. She also couldn't have predicted her sister charging her, arms spread wide, the bottom corners of her eyes growing moist. "Sister, you've returned!" She jumped onto Chrodechild with a hug, the elder sister only just able to hold her ground. "I didn't know if you would return!"

"There's no reason to be so sad, Fredegund," Chrodechild comforted, awkwardly petting her sister's head, buried in her chest. "We can't disappear yet, not when there's still work to do."

"Yeah, no one can decide when we die besides ourselves," Sieg boasted. "Liu, gather everyone in the Grand Hall, we've got a plan!"

"We do?" Whatever Sieg had in his head, Liu wasn't clued in. "Alright, I'm sure everyone will want to know what happened to us anyway. Be up soon!" Liu and the new guys ran inside, Sieg following quickly after.

Just as soon as everyone returned, Chrodechild and Fredegund were alone. "I was really worried about you, sister," Fredegund choked out, not entirely successfully choking back tears.

"You give yourself too little credit. You don't need me. You're plenty able to handle yourself."

"That's not true! When I was alone, that's when the Order was able to wriggle their way into my heart. I need someone to be a pillar for me."

"You're stronger than you think. A weak woman wouldn't be able to put up a fight against the commander of the Blades of Night's Veil."

"But you always beat me. You're what I aspire to be, but when I look at you, I can see how far I have to go."

"It only looks so far because you always look down on yourself. If you were to raise your head proudly, you'd see just how truly close to me you are." Chrodechild didn't expect herself to say something so eloquent, more befitting of her title as Princess of Astrasia. As such, there was a long silence, where neither of the sisters could properly follow that statement. "We should hurry and make our way to the Grand Hall. I imagine the rest of the Starbearers are anxiously awaiting the tale of our escape from the Gateway."

"Y-yes, we should," Fredegund concurred. With nothing more to say, they climbed the stairs into the castle in silence.

Only as the greens of nature were swallowed by the entranceway behind them was Fredegund reminded why she embarked outdoors in the first place. "Mmph!" Her bladder reminded her harshly with a wave of desperation what she was interrupted from at the last second, and how well-timed that little break would have been. She needed to go, no question about it. A part of her wanted to run back out to take care of business before it became unmanageable.

"Is something bothering you, Fredegund?" The gentle voice of Chrodechild was the only reason she didn't follow through.

That's right, she had no reason to be embarrassed, not with her sister here. She could ask where the true bathroom was without fear of revealing a private part of any woman's life, and if there was none, there'd be no shame in admitting she needed to step outside for a few minutes. Like she said, Chrodechild was her pillar, her anchor to strength.

But first things first, there was the gathering in the Grand Hall, something she didn't want to be late for, nor did she want to hold up her sister from attending the same event. "Nothing to be concerned about."

"If you insist." The two started the long climb up four stories of stairs to reach the Grand Hall, exertion that elicited another complaint from Fredegund's bladder. She now had to hope the meeting wouldn't take long.

###

"Perhaps coming here without a break was a poor idea," Chrodechild quietly lamented as she stood on the stage of the Grand Hall, having all eyes on her meaning she couldn't press her legs together for relief. After all, she hadn't relieved herself since last night, giving more than enough time for bladder to fill once more. Her training prevented her from noticing the niggling discomfort until it became really distressing, as it had now. She could have afforded arriving a minute late in order to do her business first.

But what's done is done, she didn't use the bathroom, and now she was holding pee in front of all the Starbearers. She wasn't concerned with not being able to hold it, she could handle a little urine, but it would be a problem if this meeting took forever. Considering how much detail Sieg was delving into, regaling everyone with the tale of their being marooned in the Woodland Village of the Scribes, it could be a long time before Chrodechild was dismissed.

Eventually, the lecture turned from story-telling into the strategy of their next move. The plan in progress didn't involve retrieving the Chronicles that the Order stole from them, but instead was concentrated on protecting the now-defenseless Pharamond, especially with the Auster forces gathering in the nearby Fort Arc. "Split up into teams of four," Sieg ordered, "and we'll get right going through the Gateway to Pharamond!"

"Fredegund and I will be on the front lines," Chrodechild declared.

"Y-you would trust me with such a delicate task," Fredegund asked from the audience.

"We will accompany you as well, Lady Chrodechild," Meruvis declared. "It is only appropriate that the Blades of Night's Veil lead the vanguard in defending our home."

"Yeah, we can't let these guys keep overshadowing us," Roberto boasted.

Chrodechild nodded, with a proud smile on her face. "I thank you all, for standing beside me."

Unfortunately, despite her team now being ready, she couldn't leave just yet, not before official dismissal. Everyone else had to prepare their parties first, Sieg taking his friends from Citro Village, Diulf taking his retainers of the Furious Roar, the Porpos-kin banding together, now everyone was prepared. "Excellent, I'll give you all the chance to ready your equipment, and then we'll move out," Chrodechild suggested. This would serve as the perfect opportunity to relieve herself in the confusion.

"Vaslof's already at Fort Arc, we don't have much time," Liu warned.

Diulf puffed out his chest in pride. "The Tribe of the Furious Roar doesn't need to prepare! Our bodies provide us all the strength we need!"

"The blessings of Ninulneda will carry us into battle," Neira shouted with similar pride.

"Me and Jale have kept our armaments updated," Marica informed Sieg.

"Oh no..." Chrodechild needed that break, if everyone else threw the chance away, she couldn't be the one person saying otherwise. Almost every team had spoken, all that was left was her Blades of Night's Veil. She looked at them, hoping they'd pick up the hint.

"Lady Chrodechild, you should know we are always ready to move out at a moment's notice." Meruvis didn't catch the subtlety.

Now Chrodechild had no recourse, she had to enter battle with a filling bladder. Not unless she wanted to make a scene of asking for a minute herself, when it was a known fact, at least to Sieg and Liu, that she was equipped properly herself. She had no legitimate, non-revealing reason to refuse, so she couldn't. "Then we move to Pharamond!" A shout of soldiers at the ready filled the Grand Hall.

However, outside of attention, Fredegund was worried, bouncing on one heel. "Bad move, sister..."

###

The Wilds of Veile to the northeast of Pharamond, practically a desert to rival the one surrounding the Magedom. The Order's forces, augmented by the Auster Folk, wandered the paths, providing more than enough obstacles for the Company. The teams had long since split up, leaving only the Blades of Night's Veil visible to Fredegund.

Not that she was paying much attention to the battle happening all around them. While it was bad form, to say the least, to get distracted while in the midst of an important conflict such as this, she really couldn't help it. She had to go really bad. It was all she could do to not grab herself so openly, so that everyone may know her concern.

The pain was exacerbated by the knowledge that she had a second chance to use a bathroom, one she passed up again. Their Gateway took them straight through Pharamond's castle, where she could no longer use the excuse that she didn't know where the restroom was. She grew up in that castle, she knew the toilet's location exactly, they passed right by it. If she could have just spoken up, asked for a minute, this whole ordeal would have ended right there. But she couldn't get the words out, no matter how much she desired them.

This crippling shyness left her longing for her time with the Order. Not in the way that she pined for those days, not with all the horrible things she did, but because she was an entirely different person in that armor. She had thrown her past away, and her identity along with it. She wasn't a princess of Astrasia, she wasn't Chrodechild's little sister, she was just a part of the Order's plans. She could be a lot more open, she had no problem saying she was heading into the trees, her bladder gave her no troubles then. While she was happier now, what she wouldn't give for an ounce of that bravery right now.

Fredegund's gaze turned to the side, where she could see Chrodechild, looking forward with a firm, trained stare, determined not to miss anything in the field. She was the model of a proper soldier, she always had been, the ideal Fredegund could never reach. Come to think of it, one of the qualities she admired about Chrodechild was how she never seemed to need a toilet break when the situation got serious. Whether she was blessed with a larger bladder or was just far better at hiding it, either way, she wished she could have that. Meanwhile, Fredegund would always interrupt training sessions to say she needed to pee.

Would it be so different if she did the same now? Every time she had to take a break during training, Chrodechild would always sheathe her sword with a smile, encouraging her little sister to go before it got too bad. Yes, the stakes were much higher now, but would the result be any different? Would Chrodechild be willing to cover her while she did her business now?

"Where are all our opponents," Roberto complained, placing his hand on the hilt of his sword. "I'm ready to prove my strength!"

"Don't get cocky," Meruvis warned. "It's imperative we stay on our guard at all times."

"Agreed. All of us need to be focused. We are at Lord Sieg's disposal, and can't let him down. The Blades of Night's Veil are the pride of Astrasia, and we will act as such."

There was no arguing with Chrodechild, and Meruvis and Roberto submitted to their commander. "Yes, Lady Chrodechild."

"Why do you insist on denying me, sister," Fredegund whispered, adjusting her pants by pulling them higher, digging them into her crotch for relief without any need to grab herself, though she really wanted to do that too. With so much vigor in her speech, she considered that she may have misjudged Chrodechild's character. She might not be so receptive to Fredegund asking for help peeing after all, which left her no choice but to really steel herself to hold it.

Her body decided to be ironic, because just when she was determined to act like an adult and wait to use the bathroom, she leaked. It wasn't much, barely a drop in her underwear, but it was a bad sign. Fredegund was kind of a leaker, whenever she got desperate, a lot of pee tended to find its way out, and she got wet fast. Now that she had started, this was going to be one of those days, no doubt. Even in black pants, it would only be a matter of time before everyone could see her failure. Then she'd be the only one suddenly looking incompetent in a company of Starbearers that would save the world.

###

"What a time to be having this problem," Chrodechild lamented under her breath, twisting her boot in the sand. She needed to relieve herself earlier, but it had jumped up significantly in the little time since. If this wasn't an important battle, she'd be practically running for cover in order to pee. But she had a role to carry out, one that wouldn't wait for her to take a detour for her bodily needs, necessitating she stay strong, despite the uncomfortable cramp beneath her stomach.

She was denying herself the relief her body screamed for in the interest of being an asset to the fight, but only now did it occur to her just how much a problem that would be should she get into a fight. She had the training and experience to hide her needs, but being only human, there was an upper limit to how much desperation she could ignore before it would negatively impact her swordsmanship. An upper limit that she had already surpassed, quite some time ago in fact. She didn't have much of a choice but to massage her thighs against one another, though through her pants, the sensation was hardly relaxing.

The thought passed through her mind to recant her previous call to action to ask Meruvis and Roberto to turn their heads so she could have a little privacy, but it was just too wishy-washy of a stance to take for the commander of the Blades of Night's Veil, even if she recognized that this stubbornness could result in her clothes needing a wash when she returned to the castle. She wanted to believe that there was a chance she could handle it, there was a slim possibility if everything worked in her favor, but she wasn't the type of woman who could latch so heartily onto a glimmer of hope with so much conspiring against her. While she could rally behind Sieg's creed of "never know until we try", she couldn't in good faith believe the same herself.

In a moment she sincerely hoped would never happen, she legitimately needed to consider what would be less damaging to her image: admitting she couldn't hold it any longer and asking her teammates to look away, or wetting her pants out of a desire to not interrupt the fight. Obviously, her human side would far rather not have an accident, but, with the climax of the Viele Wege Company's war with the Order fast approaching, now was not the time to show any kind of weakness. It became a far more equal internal debate than most would expect.

A lot of Chrodechild's mental faculties became dedicated to deciding on a suitable answer to her predicament, whatever wasn't already allocated to frequently reminding her bladder that now was not the time to empty. If she didn't have Meruvis, Roberto, and Fredegund with her, she'd be tripping over debris left and right. She also would have missed the man in white Order armor, unintentionally blocking their path, if she didn't notice her comrades stopping out of the corner of her eye.

With her attention brought back to the surroundings, though it was the very small percentage of her focus not totally occupied with not soaking herself, it took no time at all to identify the man standing before them. How could she not, this was the man who manipulated her sister into being a puppet for the Order. Fredegund wasn't happy to see him, that was certain. "Beardsley!"

Chrodechild had reason to celebrate, at least. "What a stroke of good fortune, running into you on this battlefield! I had been hoping for a reckoning for the suffering you caused to my sister!" Though, a surge of pain quickly reminded her how many fronts she was fighting battles on. "If only it wasn't now..."

"It is fortunate for me as well," Beardsley taunted, apparently not catching onto Chrodechild's struggle. After all, he was much more focused on the younger sibling. "Princess Fredegund! It is still not too late for you! You must return to the Order!"

"D-d...don't think me a fool...do you h-honestly believe I would...still listen to such drivel?!" Fredegund had aggression of her own to release, though it was fraught with stammering, wavering, and fluctuations of cadence. She didn't even sound sure about refusing the offer, a possibility that severely worried Chrodechild.

"You were supposed to accept the principles of the Order and be saved! A future of the One True Way! Perfect order and tranquility!"

There was only one way out of this, a path Chrodechild was desperately hoping would not come to pass, but if that's how it was to be, she couldn't back down. "Enough yammering, Beardsley! If you wish to spread your half-truths, you can do so in the afterlife!" She drew her half of Divine Edge and held it before her, ready to draw blood.

Fredegund followed with her Divine Edge. "And hear me! My blade will send you there!" The two sisters, followed by their Blades of Night's Veil, rushed forward to meet the Order's troops, prepared for their first fight in this terrain...though some were more able than others.

###

Now was possibly the worst time for a fight. From the time she had spent with Beardsley, though he didn't like to dirty his hands, Fredegund knew he wasn't a soft fighter. She had confidence that four Blades of Night's Veil could overpower him, but it would provide a perfect opportunity for her bladder to overpower her. When she had to pee as badly as she did, as in feeling ready to explode, any fight would test her endurance, and her desire to stay dry. Or rather, her desire to not get any wetter, which still included soaked panties.

Another leak spurted out of her into her underwear. She wouldn't dare look, it might not even be visible on her black pants, but she had a very worrying hunch that the dampness was starting to extend beyond her panties. And it would only get worse the more she dawdled, this was a fight that needed to end quickly.

"Fredegund, let's defeat this sorry man quickly!" Wow, Fredegund knew she and Chrodechild were close, but perfect parity between their desires? That was new to her.

Needless to say, she wanted it too, so badly, but there was a difference between wanting it and considering it possible, and she was lacking in the latter category. "H-how do you suggest we do that? Beardsley is no pushover."

"Neither are we." Chrodechild pulled out her half of Divine Edge, nodding at her sister. So that's what she was thinking. Just her luck, the most strenuous action in her arsenal, right when she couldn't exert herself without terrible consequences. She wanted to end the encounter soon, but it would be pointless if she needed to pee herself to make it happen.

She wanted to refuse, but her sister looking at her so expectantly, fulfilling her duties in performing this move was imperative for something Chrodechild was planning. She didn't like it, it could end with a thorough drenching, but there was something more important at stake now. "L-let's do it," she followed, with incredible strain, unsheathing her own Divine Edge and holding it before her.

Beardsley saw something to be afraid of in the two Astrasian royal sisters wielding their Chronicle weapons, that he had made the mistake of challenging them. Energy circled around the sisters as their blades touched, channeling power into the swords, ready to unite and deliver a devastating show of might.

Until Fredegund faltered. The aura died out as she clenched her sword's hilt with a death grip. Every instinct was screaming at her to drop her arms and grab her crotch to stem the pounding flood crashing at the gates, yet she somehow found the resolve to resist. The wave begged and pleaded to be allowed to wreak havoc, but when it became clear that Fredegund would not relent, it calmed down. While also making it clear that the second time would not end so well for her. "S-sorry, sister. I'm ready now."

The power encircled the two once more, this time completing its path, flowing into the sisters, granting them strength beyond human ability. It did nothing to enhance Fredegund's bladder, unfortunately, meaning something other than power was flowing out of her. But it was like she was no longer in control of her actions as, without thought, she and Chrodechild leapt high into the air, adding a few flips for effect, before crashing into the ground at high velocity inches in front of Beardsley, releasing their pent-up kinetic energy in a glowing cross through the sand beneath his feet. The cross erupted in an explosion of power, consuming Beardsley as Chrodechild and Fredegund jumped back into place.

That hard landing was torture on Fredegund's exhausted body. She had a solid mass of urine expanding and stretching in the pit of her stomach, every vibration was like a cannon blast hitting the sea, when she had to suffer through the massive resulting ripples. The walls of her bladder continued to crack under the stress, squirting more dampness down below. The mere fact that she was still holding on was in and of itself a miracle, but it couldn't last forever. Her strength was sure to give out in a minute.

The dust from their unite attack settled, and Beardsley was still standing. Panting, hunched over, but still in the fight. His right eye was twitching, going mad, but he wasn't done for yet. His two subordinates had been dispatched by Meruvis and Roberto. "No...no way," Fredegund panted, practically falling to her knees herself. She had placed her bet on ending the fight with one all-out attack, draining her of all her strength and ensuring she would never be able to hold it. Now that accident would come in front of everyone.

In a fit of desperation all his own, Beardsley held his staff aloft, the tip glowing orange as he prepared to cast a powerful spell. But who would be the target? His magic was powerful, but it was single-target, only one of the Blades would take the brunt of the attack. He had the most aggression towards Chrodechild, who took Fredegund away from him, but he could also be thinking to target Meruvis or Roberto, considering them the weaker links, felling one of the team would deal more damage to morale than simply damaging their leader. Yet, as she looked around, none of the other three had the flame circle building beneath them, indicating where the magic spire would sprout.

"Fredegund!" She couldn't even place why Chrodechild called her name before she was knocked out of the way, and in that fall where time seemed to slow to a crawl, she saw it: the explosion of flames where she was standing, now erupting around Chrodechild. For a quick second, Fredegund was terrified, that she had just lost her sister in the fire. That fear only lasted for a second, as the combustion diminished, and Chrodechild was still there. Worse for wear, but still standing.

Fredegund wasn't the only one gambling her entire being on one attack. Beardsley lost his balance after draining his energy in that Mark of the Star, struggling to even stay standing. "Agh...blast it all! We, the Disciples of the One True Way, beaten a third time?!"

One of his men, somehow still conscious, began pulling him away from the field. "Your Excellency Beardsley! Please! You must fall back!"

"We will meet again, Fredegund!" With his tail between his legs, an odd expression considering it couldn't refer to the feline Furious Roar, Beardsley retreated with a limp.

"Fredegund, that is enough. There's no need to chase him. We have driven him off, and that is sufficient."

Fredegund didn't even realize how she was biting her lip in anguish until Chrodechild brought it to attention and misunderstood the reason. True, she was angry at letting Beardsley escape, but that was hardly the reason for her stress right now. In fact, Beardsley's retreat was the last thing on her mind. No, all she could think about was just how drenched her lower half was. The constant smallish leaks added up, her underwear was utterly lost, and her pants were in terrible shape to boot. If anyone took the time to look, no amount of black fabric could hide the stain. And the leaks kept coming, getting bigger.

Fredegund was having an accident. She just couldn't hold it any longer, her tortured bladder had suffered long enough and just wasn't strong enough to keep up its fight. Regardless of where she was standing, that pee was coming out. She needed to get her pants off within the next few seconds, but where? She couldn't just do it here, with people watching, but she couldn't well travel very far before emptying out completely. If she couldn't see it, she couldn't make it.

She had to relent on something, and modesty was the first to go. She couldn't throw it away, but distance wasn't quite the restricting factor it would usually be. And the only obstacle she could use in sight were the small sand dunes surrounding them, creating the short valley they were walking through. If she could cross the hill, she'd be covered, assuming no one followed her. She prayed they wouldn't as she, wordlessly and stiffly, bolted over the sand mound, sliding down the descent, very nearly falling over from the forward momentum.

By the time she crossed the summit, she was already reaching up her skirt, yanking on her button in an attempt to rip it open without going through the two-second process of properly undoing the clasp. It got her nowhere, and she needed to take a step back and do it correctly. At least her pants were loose; without the button, her pants fell down with hardly a push. What an odd sight it must have been, seeing Fredegund alone in the middle of the desert with her pants at her knees, light violently reflecting off the crotch of her pants and panties, and a healthy amount down her thighs to boot. The light flowing stream falling directly down even now certainly wasn't pretty either.

She didn't even care how humiliating it looked, and was. Operating entirely on animalistic instinct, she hooked her thumbs around her underwear and shoved them down, freeing the path of her pee to start arcing forward in a wide spray as her bladder lost all semblance of holding. "No no no, not yet," she pleaded, quickly shifting her balance down as she propped herself in a squat, positioned so her torrent of pee could shoot forward between her boots, carrying the sand it struck down the slope, creating a golden, flooding river.

###

"What is she thinking, just running off without a word," Chrodechild complained, chasing her sister over the dune. And she had clamped her hands together to press them against the front of her pants in the process. She needed to do it, she had to pee so bad, that physical impediment was the last line of defense between her clothes and a thorough soaking. Truthfully, she had her own reasons for wanting the fight with Beardsley over with as quickly as possible, to avoid the strain on her bladder trying to hold in an ocean of urine during combat. She had the experience to say that wasn't a pleasant thing to try.

As she crossed the peak, all confusion over Fredegund's odd actions all day were suddenly clarified, for she found Fredegund, with her back turned to her, squatting in the sand with her pants down, a river of yellow gushing out, just barely visible in the small gap between the sand and her exposed butt. It was much more audible than visual, the flowing water and Fredegund's sighing and moaning.

It was a cacophony of noises that Chrodechild did not need to hear right now. The sounds were sending her own bladder into overdrive, pulsating in a desperate attempt to void its contents. And it was succeeding. She had done a remarkable job staying bone dry this whole time, but maintaining that streak was an impossibility. Suddenly, she reeled back and froze as she felt a surge of warmth in her underwear. Chrodechild was the kind of girl that went all at once, so if some pee was forcing its way out, the rest would all come pouring in seconds. She could hardly criticize her sister for stopping to use the bathroom, not when she herself was now forced to do the same thing.

And she had very little time to prepare. She made a frantic beeline to a spot directly left of Fredegund, making sure not to step further and walk into the rapidly expanding puddle. With her footing secured in the loose sand, she quickly undid the latch on her pants, spreading her feet apart as the piece of clothing fell to the top of her boots, just below the knee. Soon after, her panties were thrown down to the same spot. Spreading her womanhood with her fingers, telling her bladder it was time to drain was an effortless task, and her own golden stream flew out, extra distance afforded thanks to the higher starting point compared to Fredegund.

That second pee got Fredegund's attention, who hadn't even noticed that her personal space had been intruded upon until now. Her head jolted to check, and seeing her older sister's most private body part doing something so private so close to her caused a blush to break out over her cheeks. "W-what are you doing, sister?!"

"I could ask the same of you, but I imagine the answer would be the same between us: I simply couldn't wait any longer."

"Y-yes..." She couldn't say anything more, give any proper explanation for her actions. Instead, she looked back at her own work, watching the puddle expand into its own pond as it slowly seeped between the grains of sand. "Haah...haaaaaaaah..." Maybe it was for the best that she didn't attempt to hold a conversation, or else it would be constantly punctuated with her own moans of relief.

And while it was awkward to listen to, Chrodechild couldn't help but follow suit. "Mmph..." Their sighs were the only things drowning out the splashing noises of their urine, so maybe it was for the best that they were making noises. After all, they hadn't wandered far from Meruvis and Roberto. Still, just leaving it to nature made the situation very awkward, and Chrodechild had a question to ask. "The last week has been too hectic to allow me many chances to relieve myself. How did you end up so desperate?"

"Oh, I..." Fredegund had an answer, just a really embarrassing one, she'd rather not let that little mishap come to light. But she couldn't exactly lie to her sister, either. "Truth be told, I've been unable to find the restroom in Castle Ratselhaft, and I've been too ashamed to ask for directions. Accepting that I need to venture outdoors is risky with so many Starbearers in the castle to see."

"That's an understandable worry. I'll be sure to give you a proper tour when we return."

"Thank you, sister." Fredegund was beginning to empty out, her stream reduced to a lighter equivalent, and the knowledge that she was close to the conclusion calmed her nerves. That relative serenity was the first time she truly noticed how...unusually Chrodechild was relieving herself. "I understand if you refuse, but I'd be grateful if you also taught me how to...urinate standing up, as you are doing now."

"Yes, this is a skill I picked up shortly after we were separated. It's come in handy a number of times. I'd be happy to share the technique, but be warned that it will take a lot of practice."

"I'm willing to put in the effort. This incident only proves how much training I still require before I reach a presentable level."

"...I understand that you want to talk seriously, so could you please redress yourself before doing so?" Chrodechild had a point, while she had finished her business, Fredegund had yet to pull her pants back up. She was hesitant to do so, with not so much a leaf to wipe herself dry with, until she realized how little it would accomplish with her underwear still soaked. If she dried herself off, she'd only be getting wet again once her panties were in their proper place. So, with no desire to slide them off and leave them in the desert, she pulled the drenched black garment up, wincing as the warm fabric touched her sensitive area.

Though, she wasn't the only one who'd be suffering with wet underwear. As Chrodechild's pee wound down, she no longer had the power to direct the stream past her pants, and it instead fell straight down into her panties, joining the small collection of drops that simply dropped while their brethren jetted out correctly. Such were the disadvantages of being female, and she'd have to live with it, accepting the discomfort as her pants were pulled back to their normal resting spot, with the button fastened to keep them there. "Now then, you were saying something?"

"Never mind. It's just demeaning to know that it's always been like this for us. You always cleanly made it to the restroom, and I was always having accidents. I mean, aside from that one time you took pity on me..."

"When I let you go first? You interpreted that as pity?"

"Of course I did, you only allowed me the privilege because you felt sorry for always doing better than me."

"Well...yes, I did feel sorry about it. Because I'm your older sister." Chrodechild closed the distance, looking down to ensure she didn't step in Fredegund's puddle, and stroked her younger sibling's long hair. "I don't see any reason I couldn't sacrifice my own chance at release because you needed it as well."

"W-was that really the reason?"

"Do you think me a dishonest woman?"

"O-of course not, sister! It's just...it's nice to hear that. I only wish we didn't have to settle for one of us wetting ourselves."

Chrodechild smiled warmly, an uncommon sight for the trained soldier. Only Fredegund could elicit such an emotion. "I have no qualms with relieving ourselves together, now that we won't often be limited to a single-occupancy restroom. That is, if you can cope with not having the same privacy you're used to."

"I...I appreciate the support, sister. It wouldn't be the first time we did so in plain view of one another, though it has been some time." There were plenty of childhood stories to tell regarding that, ones that both had agreed should not be told. "Having you with me will make it less worrying to admit the need on the battlefield."

"Speaking of, we should return quickly. Lord Sieg is counting on us to fulfill our allotted role." Fredegund nodded in agreement, and the two turned back the direction they came, where the rest of the party was ostensibly still waiting for their return. However, they had only taken one step before Chrodechild stopped them by leaning into her sister's ear with a whisper. "Don't be ashamed about needing to go at an inappropriate time. It happens to all of us." The way she said it implied one mortifying story behind the reassurance. Fredegund was suddenly intensely curious.

As they crossed the dune, their bodies blocking the sun attracted the attention of Meruvis and Roberto. "Lady Chrodechild, please don't just run off without any explanation," Meruvis warned.

"My apologies, Meruvis. There were sudden feminine troubles that needed attending to immediately."

"Well, please don't be so careless again. We still have a job to do."

"I understand that. I won't cause trouble again," Fredegund guaranteed.

"Then let the Blades of Night's Veil recommence their assault," Chrodechild inspired, holding her sword aloft. "Let the Order understand why the Magedom was to be feared with us as their ally, and why the Viele Wege Company is to be feared now!" A cheer from her comrades followed, and the four resumed their march. Fredegund in particular had a newfound confidence in her step, not just because she was no longer carrying a full bladder, but because she had her sister by her side, in all the intimate ways they once shared. An unstoppable duo such as that could write their own destinies, no matter what the One King wished.

Though, one worry still ate away at Fredegund. The sounds of battle were distant. The wind was quiet. With her and Chrodechild peeing so close to the party...they were heard. There was no way they weren't heard. Everyone knew what Fredegund needed to do so desperately.
