Variable Bladder (BlazBlue)

Author: Captain L

*000*2025-06-11 15:27

"Mai? Mai, come on."

Despite the verbal prodding, Mai Natsume seemed content to remain in the world of slumber. Regardless of the modest bedding, she retreated deeper into the mattress and wrapped herself tighter in the blanket that covered her body. Whether an unconscious response or an active effort, Mai did not want to wake up.

That is, until something firmly squeezed her, to say it plainly, massive breasts. That caused her eyes to shoot open, pupils shrunken in panic, as she covered her bust with crossed forearms while sitting upright in a blur of speed. Though the source of the assault, that was the unsurprising part. "Hm, so that's your reaction. Interesting." Kajun, already with a notepad, scribbled something down.

Sighing, Mai let her guard down, brushing her long hair out of her face. I'm not sure I'll ever get used to any of this. It had only been a few weeks since she had moved into the dormitories of the Novus Orbis Librarium's Military Academy, in the 15th Hierarchical City of Torifune, rooming with one Kajun Faycott. Not that any of it was "unpleasant", but all of it carried an air of uneasiness.

And maybe that had something to do with how, for those past weeks, she couldn't even feel comfortable in her own skin. Her violent reaction to being groped? Sure, it was an invasion of personal space regardless, but Kajun had no idea that Mai was still getting accustomed to the feeling of having breasts in the first place. Was she a late bloomer, clearly making up for lost time? No, nothing so simple.

Mai Hazuki, only son of the Hazuki family, one of the twelve families of the Duodecim. One day, when going through his family's library, he stumbled across a grimoire that fused with his being, and turned him into a girl with no apparent means of reverting. Since then, he, or rather she, had been disowned by her family. The academy was just the best place she could go for a roof over her head, and maybe the NOL's stranglehold on grimoires could give her a lead on breaking this curse.

Kajun was not one to wait for Mai to go through her whole internal reflections, not after she had to take the initiative to get her roommate out of bed. "Come on, Mai, don't tell me you've forgotten what you agreed to, just yesterday?"

Rubbing her eyes, and with her brain still in a fog, Mai initially didn't know what Kajun was talking about. All she could see was the clock on her nightstand, its hands not at all where they should be when she woke up. "It's way too early, Kajun." She flopped back down and rolled onto her side, intent on getting a couple more hours of sleep.

Something Kajun would not abide, as she took the forcible approach by ripping the blankets off the bed. "Honestly, Mai. We only talked about this last night. We're in charge of the cafeteria this week."

"Yeah, but it's not dinnertime yet..." Mai's eyes had closed, and soon, she would be unrecoverable.

That's when Kajun, faced with no other option, squeezed one of Mai's boobs again, harder this time. "You agreed that we would go out early today to gather everything!"

Once again, Mai jumped, though moreso from the physical contact rather than her words. On that, she continued to draw a blank. Gather food? Like, going out into the wild and picking it oursel... Now it started coming back to her. The conversation they had with Noel, Makoto, and Tsubaki last night, where the two had been informed of their upcoming duties. Tsubaki said that school rules forbade the students in charge of meal preparation from simply buying the necessary ingredients, so Mai and Kajun agreed to leave early, to have as much time as they could get.

With this realized context, Mai looked at the clock on her nightstand once again. Half an hour past their agreed-upon departure time. "Ah!" With a newfound vigor, she scrambled out of bed, practically pushing Kajun out of the way in her haste to get to the room's mirror and fix her very long purple hair, to say nothing of getting out of her pajamas. "W-where's my uniform?!"

"Well, one of us has to be prepared for the both of us," Kajun sighed, pulling out the hanger hosting Mai's full uniform.

Swift as the wind, Mai grabbed the set from Kajun's hands, and immediately threw her night shirt off over her head, in her haste forgetting her usual hesitation in getting undressed in front of another woman. The one thing that gave her pause was a random thought that popped into her head. "Isn't it odd that we have to wear our uniforms for foraging food?"

"It's always important to look your best. I'd think a lady would have learned that by now."

Mai couldn't exactly argue that point, due to a lack of experience, so she could only muse over the claim as she continued changing clothes. If I don't want anyone figuring out my secret, I really need to get a lot better at acting like a girl. But there's so much to consider...

###

A sharp snapping sound reverberated through the forest of Torifune's seventh level, the most abundant source of greenery and wildlife in this city, which made it the perfect destination for the hunt. The sound itself was a rabbit falling into and triggering an ars magus trap, courtesy of Kajun. Kajun herself popped out from behind a bush at that moment to celebrate. "That's the last of them. Excellent herding, Mai."

Mai ran up soon afterwards, although "ran" might have been too generous. The more accurate descriptor would be "stumbled", as her weight lurched and swung with each movement, struggling to keep upright or even move. She made it to Kajun's side, but as soon as she had, she doubled over, hands on her knees and sweat pouring down her face. "Why... Why did I have to do all the hard work?" Just trying to speak hurt, her lungs wanted to solely take in air.

"You're the more physically able between us," Kajun stated matter-of-factly. "It's not as if ars magus is effortless, either, and considering my talents, this was the only natural way to split tasks."

"I... I still have my... my limits, you know," Mai panted, collapsing against a tree trunk. In terms of raw stamina, that was true, she had done enough running to tire anybody out, but she in particular was working with an extra handicap. It did not take long in this body to learn exactly why bras were so important to women: big boobs bounced around a lot when they moved, and that hurt. As much as the idea of putting on women's underwear discomforted her, they was a necessity. Panties were still kind of weird to her, though. The school uniform had a skirt, so she wore them, but she didn't like it. I'd be fine not wearing panties again if I don't have to.

Reaching into the bag she brought along, Kajun pulled out a thermos. "Here, some water."

Mai wasted no time reaching out for it, but as her arm was halfway extended, she hesitated. Now, ordinarily, she'd have a reason. Aside from swapping "he" to "she", the incident with the grimoire also granted Mai a "super taste" power. If she ate something, she got an insight into the thoughts of where it came from. The feelings of the animals that were killed for the meat, the emotions of everyone along the chain who prepared each of its ingredients, it made eating very difficult. Anything besides Noel's cooking, which was filled with wholesome care and indeterminate ingredients.

Thankfully, water didn't trigger that same reaction. Not many humans tended to touch it on its way into her mouth, and fish actually didn't think much. Actually, she had begun substituting full meals for water, just to avoid having to worry about food. Of course, that resulted in a different problem, in that it seemed to switch her kidneys into overdrive, and filled up her bladder far faster than she was accustomed to.

That was the problem she currently faced, and why she was reluctant to take the beverage. We've only just caught the meat, we haven't even gotten started on greens yet. Dorm room's not coming any time soon. If I want to make it that long, I need to be careful what I drink. But... Man, I'm exhausted, and... really thirsty...

She weighed the pros and cons several times over in her head, visibly reaching for and shrinking away from the thermos as she did so, but staying silent all the while. Needless to say, it was an odd thing for Kajun to witness, she had no clue what was happening in Mai's head. All she could do was push the container a little further forward, to prod her friend to take it. And, apparently, that was all it took to convince Mai, as she quickly grabbed it out of Kajun's hands and started gulping.

It only took feeling the lukewarm water trickling down her sore throat for her to start regretting that decision. Ugh, this is going to hit me before I want it to, I just know it. She at least held back from guzzling the whole thing, leaving about half of it. Good thing, too, because Kajun began to sip from the same container once she got it back. She swallowed what was left down without hesitation, and wiped her mouth afterwards. "Now, are you ready to get our supply of vegetables, Mai?"

Still heaving, Mai's head hung limply, and again, she contemplated the options she was presented with. My legs are still burning like crazy, I really need more time to rest, like... the rest of the day. But, man oh man, I gotta go. Now, preferably. But if I want that to happen, I need to rush. Having made her decision, Mai stood up, grunting and shaking as she did so, needing to use the tree for support, and eventually, take Kajun's hand in order to make it all the way up. And each movement of the muscle caused said muscles to scream out in defiance.

Still, the worst of it was short-lived. It never went away, since she continued to keep weight on it, but the more routine motion made it manageable. If anything, it was somewhat reassuring that her legs hurt more than her bladder. I'm taking solace in my legs killing me. That's sad. Still, I guess it's better to dwell on that than... the alternative. Wobbling, she set off deeper into the forest, necessitating Kajun to pace herself as well to not leave Mai behind. Which, while a nice gesture, made Mai feel worse. Seeing this through is going to take a while. The gap in discomfort between her bladder and her muscles shrank.

###

"No... I'm sure this is the place." Mumbling to herself, Kajun ran down the list of directions they had gotten, yet she could find no fault in the route they had taken.

Mai also looked over the barren soil. "Are you sure you remembered them totally correctly?"

"Mai. I do not ask for much, I simply ask that you have faith in my attentiveness and powers of recollection." She said it nicely, but with an undertone that foreshadowed terrible things should Mai make this mistake again.

So of course, Mai shifted the blame to another one of her friends. "Could the directions have been wrong to begin with?"

"Hm... From Noel, I might believe that. But Makoto? No, I trust her sense of navigation out in the natural world."

They stood there for a moment, contemplating the possible explanations, when the light suddenly went off in Mai's head. "You don't think... When Noel said she picked the vegetables, that she picked all of them?" Aw, Noel, you're really stuffing in all the nutrition I need!

"I certainly wouldn't put it past her, but I would have thought Tsubaki would stop that. Still, no matter what madman's assortment of ingredients go into the Death Dinner, she couldn't have possibly used everything to be found in the woods. We simply need to do our own searching deeper in."

"D-deeper?" Mai could already feel her heart grow heavy, though nowhere near as burdensome as her bladder. It didn't take long for it to fill up to a worrying level, and now, she couldn't ignore it for even a passing second. She had slowly let Kajun take the lead, and without eyes on her, could more freely hold herself. There was still a modicum of shame in the act, she limited herself to a slight tug on the hem of her skirt and a tender squeeze of the privates, but that was only the most direct of her responses. Anyone looking at her could tell, at least, that something was amiss with her, with her stiff walking and restless hands.

But the worst part wasn't the physical strain (though that was a close second), it was the knowledge that it didn't have to be this way. Sure, as a member of an esteemed family of the Duodecim, Mai was strictly told not to urinate publicly. But who was being fooled by that, Mai Hazuki absolutely peed outside on occasion. It was just so convenient as a guy, just whip it out wherever and hose down whatever he chose with nothing more complicated than aiming the tip.

Mai Natsume was a completely different story, however. She now had a completely different set of junk than what she had grown up with, and that required readjusting of her thought processes. At first, the thought of even going to the bathroom in this body was an uncomfortable idea, much the same way getting naked was, but that reluctance passed the first time she just couldn't hold it anymore.

That was in a toilet, though. Mai was a man growing up, so he wasn't privy to most of the secrets of the female species, but he knew one thing for sure: women did not pee outside, not at all. They couldn't, that was just one of the inherent benefits of being a boy. Up to now, that hadn't been a problem; she was at school, there were always proper facilities close at hand. The woods were a different story.

What am I gonna do? Mai never had the greatest bladder in the world, and it was getting full enough to be a serious nuisance. Even if we finished getting ingredients right now, we walked a long time to get here. I'm not a hundred percent confident I can wait even that long. But what else can I do, wet myself? ...No, what am I thinking?! Though, if there's no other options... It would take a while, but Mai got started on accepting a purposeful accident.

And it very nearly became an accidental accident when Kajun yelled out. "Ah, Mai, look!"

The little antennae of Mai's hair stood on end. "W-what happened?" She really hoped that was sweat and body heat that just warmed up her panties.

"There!" She didn't say anything more, just pointed down at some roots protruding from the soil, with a look of shock and amazement on her face.

Mai did not share the enthusiasm. They're... plants. Same as everything else in this forest. Kajun, I'm about to pee my pants, I don't have time for this!

Kajun could see that Mai needed some explanation, so she elaborated. "This is a Torifune Yam, a type of yam that only grows in specific climates! They're extremely rare!"

Maybe it was because her brain was swimming in urine, but Mai did not see the excitement. "But they're just yams. We need more than just that for cooking. I never even liked yams."

"That's because you've never had a Torifune Yam! It's said to be a miracle root with every kind of benefit to a growing woman's body under the sun! Fuller hair, clearer skin, perkier... It's practically the elixir of life in vegetable form! Mai, pull them out!"

"Huh? Um, they look like they're pretty deep in there, I don't know if I can." Really, I don't! Something incredibly bad might happen if I try!

"Mai..." The scariest part was Kajun's continued smiling. All she said was Mai's name, but the tone of voice said a lot more, something along the lines of "they won't be able to tell whether you're a man or a woman when they find your body if you disobey me".

The blood running through Mai's body turned very cold, aside from one area that felt even warmer than before. "O-on it..." Walking over until she very nearly tripped on the roots, she bent over, having not been a woman long enough to realize there were certain positions one didn't take in a skirt. She wrapped both hands around the rope-like plant, dug her shoes into the dirt, and pulled upwards. "Hhngh!" No matter how much she strained her biceps, holding her breath until she was red in the face, the yam was just too set in its nutritional soil.

I already know what the problem is. I need better leverage, and I can't lift with my back. But then I'd have to spread my legs, and then... Yeah, she hadn't gotten to the point of actually crossing her legs to help hold yet, but she did keep them close enough for her meaty thighs to scrape against one another. The best lifting posture would basically mean spreading them as far as they could spread, letting the "petals" of her "flower" open into full bloom. With all the pipes open, who knows what might come flowing through?

But of course, Kajun didn't see any of that. "You can't just rely on raw strength, Mai, you need finesse as well. Squat down and let your legs do the hard work."

Yes, I know! But it's not that simple! Ugh, but I guess I'm still not getting anywhere like this, and I'm still tempting fate by pushing myself so hard like this. Okay, Mai, be strong. One tug isn't going to kill you. She closed her eyes and took a deep, deep breath, pointing her knees outward, lowering her butt whilst straightening her spine upwards.

One thing changed: she actually started making headway on the uprooting. Yeah, her bladder held strong, and the Torifune Yam began to rise from the cavity where it was deeply ingrained. Maybe a bit too well, actually. Like she had crossed some magic threshold, her strength overpowered the tenacity of the roots all at once, and it popped out into the open. It was so fast that Mai couldn't have possibly reacted.

Were the terrain level, it wouldn't have been a problem. But Mai had picked the worst possible place to make her stand: right against the edge of the summit of the steep hill they had ended up on. When all resistance to her tugging vanished, her center of balance flew backwards, the soles of her feet raised up with only her feels remaining grounded, and as soon as she was no longer standing upright, the massive weights on her chest only served to give gravity a better hold over her.

Windmilling her arms around, Mai swayed in every direction, giving fleeting hope that she might be alright, but it all came crashing down when she did tumble back, right down the slope. Because of the velocity she went over with, she didn't simply roll down the hill, but bounced, at least for half the descent. And each impact shook the earth, or at least it rattled her brain enough for her sense of scale to be messed up.

The plant life scratched, bumped, and bruised her, but that was secondary to one specific outcome. Every time she happened to hit her stomach in the plummet, it was like a punch to the bulging lump on her belly, courtesy of her bloated bladder. The forceful contractions may have directly resulted in more spurting into her underwear, but honestly, she wasn't in a position to notice small details like that at the moment.

At least, not until she hit the bottom head-first, and had one slower, final roll onto her back. "Ugh... Hah... Hah..." I... I don't think there's any broken bones. And it's very scary that I have to worry about that at this school! Still, despite the lack of any major injuries, Mai could not find the energy to get up, preferring to simply stare up at the limited sky through the canopy of trees.

"Mai!" Making a deliberate descent, Kajun got down the hill much more gracefully, though in her haste, she still hit some rough patches and stumbled. By the bottom, she practically slid down the last few steps, inadvertently kicking up more dirt onto Mai's uniform at the end. She frantically looked her roommate up and down several times, before pretty quickly calming down and relaxing. "Good, I don't see any blood. It'd be a long walk back to the infirmary."

Mai lifted her head, itself a strenuous task, to look at Kajun past her feet. "Is that normal at this school?!"

"Let's just say the school's founders did not hold 'safety' in the highest esteem. Come on, give me your... Wait, I see something wet between your legs. You might be bleeding somewhere on your lower back. Here, let me take a look." Kajun got on one knee, and slid her hands under Mai's torso to get some leverage to feel around and flip her.

"W-w-w-wai-AH!" Mai was too slow to stop it, and that created... problems. Being a woman came with a lot of adjusting, to the kinds of things that women were naturally acclimated to. One of those things was being touched by, truthfully, a very attractive lady. Hormones Mai didn't even think she still had fired off wildly, though it obviously manifested in different ways. The sole shared attribute was an accelerated heart rate that pushed ice-cold blood through her veins. Save for another shot of warmth, now feeling boiling hot, in her nether regions.

Suddenly, Mai felt a surge of adrenaline, and she forgot all her various pains. She found the strength to spring to her feet, to meet Kajun's gaze. "N-no blood, see?! Y-you can stop now!"

Kajun's face washed over with relief, at least at first. Afterwards, though, her focus drifted downwards, and the worry came back as her cheeks fell. "Are you sure? There's still something dripping between your legs. Unless... It's something besides blood?"

Mai tried, really hard, to not look like she was positively dying here. Whatever high she was on a second ago was either wearing off fast, or her need to pee was just so extreme that it overpowered everything else. Even when she was more in control, she was still quivering and knocking her knees. And, now that even that modicum of decency had eroded away, there was only one thing left to do: go all-in on grabbing her crotch, gritting her teeth as the strain forced tears to well up in her eyes. "I-I really have to-"

"Use the restroom? Yes, I figured that out quite some time ago. I'm happy that you were finally able to admit it."

"Wha-? Y-you could have said something earlier, if you knew!"

"It would be inappropriate to force you to say something on that matter, don't you think? Regardless, now that I am aware, don't feel as if you need to keep quiet."

"O-okay... I guess I'll just wet myself now. Because, I swear, I can't hold it any longer."

"Hm? Why would you need to wet yourself?"

"Why? Because I'm a girl, obviously! There's no bathroom out here to use, so I don't have a choice here!"

Kajun stared at Mai, and for a girl who always seemed to have answers, she watched in confused silence for some time, all the while poor Mai was engaged in some of the most frantic potty dancing they could imagine. Finally, she got the picture, and did the most proper thing in response: "Oh, hahahaha! Oh, poor Mai, you've had such a sheltered upbringing."

"W-what? What's that supposed to mean?"

"Let me guess: your parents drilled it into you from a young age that women can only use a proper restroom. I'd expect as much from one of the Duodecim families."

"W-well, yeah, but... It's not just what I've been told! Women just can't! They don't have-"

Kajun, sauntering over, put her hand on Mai's shoulder. "The purpose of going to school is to learn new things, is it not? Well, you'll be happy to discover that women can, in fact, urinate outdoors. And, since I can already tell your next question, I would be happy to teach you."

"P-plea..." Mai wanted to agree, she very nearly did without a second thought, before an awful condition to that arrangement. "W-wait, when you say 'teach me'... What does that mean?!"

"Hm... Truthfully, I've never instructed on this subject before, which I suppose isn't shocking. However, I believe teaching by example would be the most effective here. You understand." Kajun subtly shifted her legs, such a minute movement that said everything.

Mai found some comfort in the knowledge that she wasn't the only one who needed to pee, but it was vastly outmatched by the crushing revelation of what the intent here was. "B-but w-we'd have to be n-naked!"

"Not 'naked', per se, just pulling our underwear down. It's nothing either of us has never seen before, right?"

No, I haven't, actually! It felt so perverted to look at her own genitals, when they hardly felt like "hers", so she really did make an effort to not stare at her own body, at least as much as was possible. Those boobs were quite eye-catching, and there was still some "growing male" part of her brain that occasionally couldn't resist. Needless to say, she had never seen another woman's womanhood. Not in real life, anyway. Her hangup wasn't so much shyness over her own nude body, but the prospect of seeing another girl's, under what felt like false pretenses.

The sad part was, she had to make an active effort to avoid this. All his life, Mai Hazuki had assumed that the idealized idea boys had of what happened at girls' slumber parties was just that: idealized, exaggerated, the product of a hopeful imagination. But no, it was apparently all real. Kajun and Makoto had been uncomfortably forward with their bodies, and even the more reserved Noel and Tsubaki saw no issue with suggesting they all shower together after gym class. So far, Mai had found excuses to avoid every one of them, in the process giving the impression she was either a huge prude or unbearably shy, but she had avoided anything uncomfortably revealing to now.

But I really don't think I have much of a choice here! If I don't pee here, I wet myself! And if I want to pee here, I need to know how... "Can't you just tell me the steps?"

In a move that Mai absolutely did not expect, Kajun blushed, seemingly actually embarrassed, and scratched her cheek. "You know that I pride myself on detail, but there are... certain words that are a little more challenging to say."

So there's no way around it?! No, absolutely not! I can't possibly go through with "KYAH!" Even now, Mai had kept a tight control over her bladder, throughout all the debating, but even with undivided attention, there really was only so much she could hold. Whatever it couldn't, would just have to come out. She had unfortunately gotten used to it by now, just feeling her underwear get progressively damper.

But this time, it was like she didn't even have panties on. The spurt that came out, she heard it splatter in the loose leaves on the ground like she was peeing directly onto them, and it ran in several rivulets down her legs. And she could already tell why. Her thick cotton panties had absorbed a lot of her leaks, which kept her need a little better hidden but was also disgusting, but they had been saturated so thoroughly by this point that no thread of fabric was left that could take any more urine, resulting in her basically peeing straight through.

It was close, but that wasn't even the worst part. No, the worst part was that it wasn't stopping. Mai had gotten used to a rhythm, where her spurts would shoot out like a fiery blast of magic, and would then give her a reprieve by stopping there, albeit still pounding her mind and bladder with pleading for more. The difference now was that it was lasting a lot longer. Not a heavy flow, more like a faucet whose handle just couldn't close properly, but a constant stream was always a bad omen.

The time for decisions was now. Mai needed to make up her mind, and somehow, the impending accident had a way of deafening her to all concerns for modesty and gender differences. "W-what do I do?!"

Kajun took up a spot directly opposite Mai. "Watch what I do, Mai, and then copy. First, you need to lift your skirt up and pull down your underwear. To your knees should be fine." To demonstrate, she did indeed hike up her uniform skirt, hooking the thumbs of both hands over the waistband of her tights first, pushing them down.

That gave Mai her first good look at Kajun wearing her panties, though not her first time seeing the undergarments themselves. Mai had taken the role of doing the laundry for the room, so she'd gotten up close to Kajun's... interesting choice in underwear. It wasn't that Mai expected every woman to exclusively wear plain, conservative panties like hers, but these went beyond anything she could consider "good taste". They were small, covering very little (especially around the back), covered in lace and butterfly patterns, and even the parts it did cover, were mostly made of a transparent material. Combined with Kajun's apparently natural bright purple hair, and Mai could see her trimmed bush while she still had panties on. Good thing Kajun also wore tights, or there'd be no point in even having underwear with how little they covered.

This view didn't last long, and the point about what little was left to the imagination soon became moot when Kajun also pulled her panties down. Instinctively, Mai moved to turn her head, cover her eyes, anything to not take in the nude sights. If there wasn't another, exploding urge in her abdomen, she would have given Kajun her privacy. But, because she was requested to watch, and because she was desperate for the knowledge being imparted, she stared intently.

Not at all bothered by the attention on her privates, Kajun opened her legs up and lowered her bottom end near to the ground. "Next, squat like this. If you're able, I'd recommend to lean your upper body back a bit." To demonstrate, she did indeed tilt her torso away, raising her genitals to a more upwards angle, and placing the palm of her left hand flat on the ground to support her slanted posture.

"Technically, this is enough, but I've found that simply letting go makes quite a mess. That's why I recommend that you..." Again, Kajun trailed off and blushed, which raised so many questions about what could embarrass a girl like Kajun. Well, Mai shortly got her answer, and it turned out to just be the words themselves. Gesturing downwards with her eyes, to say "just watch this", she slid her right hand, pointed towards the earth, over her womanhood. She curled all her fingers in, with the exception of her index and middle finger, and pressed their tips against the edges of her labia. Finally, she widened the angle of those two fingers, and spread the folds wide open.

Mai had found the courage to keep observing, even as Kajun stripped off so much, but this really tested her resolve. Although the color was similar to the patch of hair that surrounded it, there was just something way harder to look at when that pink cavern bared its full shape to her. It said something about how desperate, filled to the brim, ready to die Mai was that even this wasn't enough to stop her, getting a better look at Kajun's vagina than she ever had her own.

Kajun had taken note of how well Mai had paid attention, so she continued her instruction. Or, rather, put the cap on it. "If you've done everything correctly, you can answer the call here. And it looks to me like you really need to get started. It's alright, I'll wait." Certainly a nice gesture, but she sort of squirmed in her squat, as if to say "don't take too long".

"O-okay!" Mai was not about to disobey that, if she even had a choice. Gotta PEEEEEEEE! The problem was, she was already having trouble remembering the first step. Undies off, yeah, but what did she say? Uh, um... Ah, just take them off! Trembling, she made a risky move and reached for the zipper on the side of her skirt, hidden underneath a flap, in the hopes that her quivering hands could get a grip around the tab. And, by some miracle, she succeeded, ripping the slider straight down the rows of teeth, and her skirt fell off immediately afterwards. She still took a wad of it in one clenched fist and threw it aside.

That just left her panties, and what a sight they were. Mai knew they were a plain white, because that was the only type she owned, but it was fair to expect someone to not realize that in the state they were in now. Frankly, there was less white on them than the alternative: a dark, glistening gray whose greedy clutches reached out and consumed almost as much as they could. The one comfort was that, thanks to the thick cotton make, being drenched all the way through did little in making them transparent.

Not that it would have made a difference for long, since she wasted no time in yanking her underwear down, halfway down her shins. Little did she know, she'd somehow make an even bigger mess if she left them there, so it was fortunate that she didn't stop there. Lifting one leg, the heaviness and slack in her panties caused them to fall, the raised foot slipping straight through one of the leg holes. One hop later, which honestly might have just been the inadvertent byproduct of a potty dance, and the other leg was through.

It was easier to remember this next step, just from looking at Kajun. Squat! Squat! She was in such a rush, there was no grace or finesse, she just dropped her weight into her ass and basically fell down, just keeping her feet where they were supposed to be. Actually, she did end up sitting on the ground, and did it with a force that really squished her big butt, necessitating her knees to take the strain of picking it up an inch or so. Already, just doing that really made her quads hurt, still exhausted from her running earlier, in a position and holding her weight in a way she wasn't accustomed to.

In another world, at any other time, Mai would have taken up Kajun on her advice that "opening up" was optional and not done it, but she wasn't thinking that much. Instead, she reached a hand down there, feeling around for the slit she sought. You couldn't blame her for being slow to find it, she didn't have an innate sense of where it should be yet, and blindly stroking around for it was inefficient through all the... Well, Mai didn't groom herself as well as Kajun.

Eventually, miraculously, she found her junk. The constant stream of urine trickling from the area was the biggest beacon, leading her fingers right to the soft, warm, and wet folds of, well, what she just had to accept were "hers" now. And she didn't handle it with as much delicacy as Kajun did, using a line of fingers on both hands to pry her pussy open. "Ah!" Obviously, growing up, Mai was intimately familiar with how sensitive to pain male genitalia was, and he had just assumed women didn't share the same problem. She just learned that was very much not the case, and had to ease up on the tugging.

Kajun had been watching the whole process, of course, but had kept quiet. She was a believer in letting a student experiment, for better or worse. And, at the end of the day, Mai had prepared herself to pee. Not like Kajun could do much to correct her, when the frequent squirts said that her friend couldn't hold it long enough to make any adjustments. She was looking at Kajun with watery, pleading eyes, and Kajun couldn't deny her. "Go ahead, Mai. You can do what needs to be done."

"Thank you," she breathily moaned, and like she was waiting for permission, the floodgates opened before she even said "you". A thick, hearty, golden hose sprayed out from her junk, from one of the holes she had yet to sort out, and boy did it ever. Gravity had no power over this pee, it rocketed out in a straight line, and collided with the soil hard enough to kick up clumps of dirt. Yet it was surprisingly quiet, at least on the exit. Keeping the lips out of the way did wonders to reduce the hissing she got when she simply sat on the can. Whether that was worth getting droplets of urine all over her hands, was harder to say.

Just one problem, she was a bit hunched forward, with her arms crossed and resting on her lap. That position meant the waterfall aimed downwards from the start, and with the sheer power of its collision with the earth, a lot of it splashed back onto her ankles, socks, and shoes. It was really the socks getting wet that was the worst of it, especially as they got more and more damp.

Right, lean back. She reclined her upper body, aiming her bits at a higher angle, and the piss traced a line in the dirt away from her as it adjusted. Now, the gushing stream spent enough time out in the open to have a curve in its arc, as was to be expected. What was unusual was the distance, because it was something to be proud of. Mai needed to pee so unbelievably badly, she was now making a puddle a full body-length away, and it lost no power in that flight. It even had a wide landing; countless drops rained down, like a running shower. A running shower with a full-blast running bath in the center. Bottom line, it was a lot.

"Good, it looks like you're handling yourself just fine. Now, if you'll excuse me..." With a nod, Kajun looked down, in the empty spot between her own legs. Before long, a steady stream of urine spouted from her opened not-so-privates, though hers was a lot more restrained in comparison. Hers was one collected stream, it didn't reach even a quarter as far as Mai's, and it soaked into the soil with the sound of a gentle tinkling. With that said, however, it was still quite a healthy pee taken on its own, and it must have felt pretty good. Kajun's eyelids fluttered, her lips parted, and from their minute gap came a sigh. "Oohhh..."

Mai could say the same, the difference being in intensity. She had yet to do any "exploring" in her new body, making this the first time her womanhood was tickled in this way. And it was sensory overload, a frightening mix of heat flashes, chills, and a buzzing in her nethers as every tiny rumble sent a shockwave up her system. She could no longer parse the individual sensations, the splashing noise as the thirsty dirt was overloaded and sprouted a foamy puddle just became white noise, and her vision blurred to colored clouds.

And there wasn't much she could do about it. Her body simply wasn't obeying any desire of hers, she had no choice but to squat there and let everything wash over her like a tsunami. It was a wonder that she could piss so furiously, considering how much sweat continued to cascade down from her forehead, matting her bangs to her skin. No matter how much she heaved and panted, she could never seem to get enough breath, and with every exhale, her still-taut bladder flared up with pain. Her face and thighs, two of the only areas of exposed skin on her body, were both blood red from exertion. On the opposite end, her hands were white, from how tightly she was clenching her knees with them.

That was the full extent of the muscle strength she could spare, apparently, because the tension in her knees and ankles vanished. "Wah!" Her feet slipped forward, no longer having the leverage to support her weight, and her buttocks came crashing down to the ground with a loud slam. Her hands lost their grip when her arms went flying out to her sides, and the lips of her pussy returned to their original, closed position. Not only did that alone severely cut down on the distance of her pissing, but as she collapsed, her aim went completely haywire. For the briefest moment, it rocketed even higher up into the air, to an apex above her head, but this was short-lived. Afterwards, she was pointed down, and there wasn't much between her pee hole and the ground. The power didn't diminish, either, resulting in a lot of backsplash straight against her groin. "A-aw..."

"Oh dear," Kajun remarked, though that was about all she could do at present. She wasn't exactly in a position to get up and help, not while urine continued to rush from her urethra at its strongest. All she could do was watch sympathetically, as Mai wriggled around, panicking like a turtle flipped on its back. She kept trying to prop herself up with her hands, but with her pee-coated legs not listening to her, all she could accomplish with her wiggling was spreading the puddle further around her ass.

Finally, Kajun's nagging bladder quieted down, and the force of her release calmed a bit, all clear signs that she was finishing up. Sure enough, gaps began to appear in the stream, longer in duration with each passing second, until there was more not-urine than urine. Finally, all that escaped were lone droplets, not so much active peeing, more so stragglers trailing behind the rest. "Ah, that's a relief," she sighed, leaning forward into a more traditional squatting posture, all so she could shake her hips and dry off. At least, enough that she could pull her panties and tights snug into place without that gross squishing feeling. She dropped her skirt, brushed it down, and were it not for the neat puddle sinking away, no one would be able to guess what indecent acts Kajun had just partaken in.

The same could not, in any reality, be said about Mai. She had been far fuller than Kajun, mere drops from bursting, but a head start and the force of her pissing brought her to a climax at roughly the same time. Sadly, her overturned position simply meant the soft conclusion to the golden spraying just showered her woman parts, until every fold and crevice was drenched. And that was hardly the extent of the damage; between the substantial leaking earlier and the collateral damage of various wayward blasts, Mai was soaked ass to toe in smelly, tepid pee.

Speaking of her ass, as she shakily stood up, something about her butt felt weird and heavy. She absentmindedly reached back there to scratch it, and her hand was met with a big lump of... something soft and wet, that budged a bit from the contact. Already, Mai's stomach churned from a mix of disgust and realization, but still, she peeled it off with two fingers, and circled it around in front of her face, holding it out as far as her arm would stretch. And it was exactly as she feared: a pair of white panties, every fiber saturated with her pee, and a thick layer of dirt stuck to one side.

Able to think again, Mai could piece together the sequence of events that led to this. I just threw off my underwear, but... I guess I didn't get rid of them afterwards. So I just peed all over them and sat on them. Seeing them sopping wet, dripping in her grasp, was hard to even look at. "I can't wear these," she cried, throwing her undergarments away in revulsion, and the wet slapping sound as they hit the ground doubled the feeling. It was then overtaken by embarrassment as a breeze blew past, not only chilling the coat of fluids on her skin, but reminding her that she was bottomless and baring it all. "Crap, what am I supposed to do now?"

"Well, for starters, you need to clean up a little bit. Did you bring a handkerchief?"

"Kyah!" If Mai hadn't just peed, she'd have wet herself in surprise from Kajun sneaking up on her so close that she was practically whispering in her ear. "N-no, I didn't..."

Kajun sighed. "Honestly, Mai, I don't know how you've survived for so long without me. Very well, you can borrow mine, though I'm afraid it won't do much besides mitigating the worst of the mess." Reaching into her own skirt pocket, Kajun pulled out a white handkerchief, no bigger than a table napkin and more delicate.

Already, Mai had doubts about how much of a difference it could make, but she still took the cloth regardless. "Better than nothing, I guess." But where should I use it? Another gust of wind whistled by, and that settled the matter. Widening her stance, she reached down and dabbed her privates, gently wiping the general area of her upper thighs, though she had to take care not to go too far back between her butt cheeks. And, even with her soft wiping, the pure white towel was still stained with numerous dark yellow splotches. "Um, it's-"

"Hold onto it for now. Keep it in your pocket, and just be sure to wash it well before returning it."

"Right. Um..." Mai tried to put it away in her pocket, but when it rubbed against the side of her leg, she realized her mistake. "Ah, w-where's my skirt?!" She started looking around frantically, albeit without moving, but it was hard to spot a dark blue uniform skirt on dark brown dirt in a forest where little sun passed through the tree canopy.

"Well, somebody has to keep track for the both of us." With a sly grin, Kajun pulled out the hand she had been keeping behind her back, revealing a skirt. There was no way Kajun carried a spare all the way out here, which meant it had to be Mai's.

Immediately, Mai's face lit up. "Oh, thank you so much!" She snatched it from her roommate's hands and wrapped it around her waist, fastening the zipper head at the bottom of the rail and pulling it right up, and did it so hard that the whole mechanism tugged, straining to not be totally ripped apart. Already, Mai's anxiety eased up, it was a load off her mind to not have a girl staring at her pubes. But it came roaring back as she noticed something was still missing. "These skirts are... pretty short, aren't they?"

"You're more of a pants girl, aren't you?"

"S-something like that." I wasn't wearing skirts or dresses, that's for sure.

"True, they are a bit lacking. That's why I wear pantyhose. Aside from it looking nice, of course. Let me guess: a lack of underwear is causing concerns?"

"Y-yes. It's not... the worst right now, but when we get back to the school..."

"No, that's perfectly understandable. Would you like to borrow mine for the time being?"

Mai's heart all but stopped. "What?! B-but then you'd be..."

"Like I said, tights do a lot of heavy lifting in terms of coverage. If you must know, I have foregone undergarments from time to time, and I've yet to encounter any issues as a result. Truly, I won't mind donating them for a few hours." Kajun hiked up her skirt, and began pulling her tights down, at least enough that the band of her panties could be seen.

Even that was too much, and Mai hurriedly covered her eyes. "N-no thank you! Really, you can stop!" She lowered her arm just a little, enough that her magenta eyes could peek over the top. "H-honestly, I think I'd feel more naked wearing... those."

"You need to experiment with what the world has to offer, Mai. But very well, if you insist." Kajun tugged things back into place, and let her skirt drop yet again. "You don't need to worry while we're out here in the middle of nowhere, but when we return to campus, I'd strongly recommend you let me stand directly behind you when you climb the stairs to our room."

"W-why should I... Oh." Yeah, I guess that would block any eyes. If I'm going to be a woman, I really need to think about things like that. Wait, does that mean people have been seeing my panties every time I go up the stairs?!

"You just realized something deeply disturbing, didn't you?"

"W-what makes you say that?!"

"You're a very easy girl to read, Mai. I truly do not understand how you haven't learned these basics of being a woman by now, so I suppose I will have to take that task upon myself."

"T-thanks. You're really amazing, Kajun."

Kajun lit up. "And what would you be referring to specifically?"

"You just know so much, and you're so cool under pressure. You even personally demonstrated for me!"

"Well, if you must know the truth, I was already planning on excusing myself sooner or later. Sooner, more than likely. This was simply a fortunate excuse to do so even earlier, and I must say, I feel much more comfortable as a result. Though, nowhere near as much as you, I'm sure."

"...It probably would have been better without all the... You know..." Mai began to mutter under her breath. "Would have really preferred being able to stand up. But of course, girls can't."

Not quietly enough, it seemed, because Kajun heard her well enough to confidently respond. "They can."

"Yeah, it's a sh... WHAT?!" Mai slammed her hands on Kajun's shoulders. "Why didn't you tell me before?! Squatting down like that was tough, this would be way easier! How does it even work, girls don't have a pe-"

Kajun brushed one of Mai's hands off her. "It's true that women were not blessed with the same natural advantage that men enjoy, which is unfortunately why it's far more difficult than squatting for us. At least, that's how I understand it. Sadly, I don't know the specifics myself."

"Oh... How do you even learn to do something like this?"

"Same as you just experienced: somebody else shows you the ropes. I've admittedly been quite curious about standing and urinating for some time, so perhaps we should ask Makoto for lessons."

"D-does Makoto know how?"

"I can't say I know that for certain, but she seems like the type, doesn't she?"

"I-I guess..." What kind of "type" even is that?

"Now, since we've finished our little rest stop... What happened to that Torifune Yam, Mai?" Suddenly, scary Kajun was back.

Mai started patting down her pockets, as if there was any chance a freshly-plucked yam could be in there, and she knew it wasn't in her hands. Thankfully, she couldn't remember seeing it any time during her whole peeing escapade, so there didn't seem to be a chance she pissed on it. That left one possibility. "I think I dropped it when I fell down the hill."

"Well, then we should hope it didn't get bruised. Let's climb back up to where we started and look along the way. Don't worry, since it's just us, I'll go first."

"...Oh, right, thanks." Need to devote more brainpower to thinking about these things. As promised, Kajun began climbing the slope up and away from the valley that they had made a toilet out of, with Mai following behind. Even as the distance between them and their released fluids increased, however, Mai couldn't escape it in her mind. It's a lot more difficult being a girl than I thought...

One of the many possibilities... of the Continuum Shift.

