Super Smash Mess (Smash Bros Fanfiction)

Author: corrin208

*000*2019-05-25 04:40

Heyo. This is my very first story, and it's based off of Super Smash Bros Ultimate, which is one of my favorite games, and contains two of my favorite female characters (even though you can play male corrin, but who does that)

The world of Smash Bros. Ultimate was an interesting world. So many different people, from all sorts of different backgrounds. It was the "Ultimate" meetup place, and everyone was friends with one another until they started fighting.

Lucina and Corrin just so happened to be talking to one another while waiting for their match to begin. They were steeling themselves for this fight, as they would be facing off against each other for the final round of the tournament. Both had made it this far, there was no turning back for either of them.

"May the best girl win," Corrin said cheerfully but sarcastically. "You'll never defeat me as long as I'm around. I've been training my whole life for a fight like this" Lucina retorted. As they prepared their blades, Lucina and Corrin both started feeling all too familiar pangs in their stomachs, as they had experienced the same on the battlefields at home. They were both too prideful to speak of it though and there weren't any bathrooms close by, so they waved it off as unimportant for the time being. The beam of light that was used to teleport fighters appeared in front of them. With their swords by their sides they walked directly into the light, and came out onto their battlefield. Lucina rubbed her eyes and looked around briefly, recognizing the stage as Final Destination. Corrin's beam of light appeared on the other side of the stage, and she marched out proudly. The announcer began the countdown, and after 3 seconds, the battle began.

Both women charged each other, swords clashing and the sounds of grunting as they fought each other with all their strength. Lucina thrusted her sword forwards, yet just as quickly Corrin deflected it back and lunged forward with her own attack. Lucina was knocked backwards onto her knees, and groaned as her stomach gave her a clear warning it needed her bowels empty soon. Corrin smiled at her triumphantly, thinking she might have it in the bag, and clenched her butt as her bowels nearly forced a fart out of her. Lucina and Corrin brushed their need off once more, and ran at each other again with swift and graceful attacks, each one more complicated than the last. Lucina thought to herself that she was going to need to hurry and defeat Corrin if she wanted to get to a bathroom in time, and Corrin thought just the same.

Lucina gasped as she involuntarily farted, and Corrin heard it loud and clear. Lucina burned bright red as she felt her pride slipping away, and Corrin was stifling a laugh while also being uncomfortably close to having an accident. Lucina's movements were becoming sloppier, slower, and less graceful as her focus slowly shifted to the mess that was about to explode into her pants. She nearly took 3 hits from Corrin's blade before being knocked backwards onto her back from a smash attack. She groaned as she got onto one knee, and Corrin taunted her by holding her head high in a triumphant stance, while Corrin slowly started to bend her knees from the increasing bowel pressure.

Lucina knew this was it for her, and yet she didn't want it to be true. She moaned as her poop began pushing its way through her, and she couldn't hold it anymore. The diarrhea exploded into her armor, filling it to the brim and causing it to leak out of her pants and run down her legs. She shut her eyes as the torrent of mess kept ruining her clothes, and her bladder involuntarily released itself as well, soaking her underwear even more and warming her legs to the point where she couldn't help but moan in relief. After a full minute of release, her pants were soaked as well as completely ruined by her poop, and a sizeable puddle of pee and poop lay beneath her feet. She began to cry, and threw down her sword away from the mess, as she covered her face in her hands.

Meanwhile, Corrin watched speechlessly as her friend had the worst accident she'd ever seen, which reminded her of her own predicament. Corrin blushed as her bladder and bowels began to threaten emptying themselves, and she had an idea to make Lucina feel better. "Hey. Look at me, Lucina." Corrin stated firmly. Lucina looked upwards, tears streaming down her face. Corrin knew this was gross, but had no other option now. She began pushing both of her loads out.

Her pee started gushing into her armor, soaking her pants underneath and pooling underneath her feet. Her solid logs slid out into her underwear, making them sag and pressing her mess against her skin and clothes quite firmly. Corrin sighed in relief as she finished her accident, and slid onto her knees. Lucina just stared in disbelief, not comprehending what she had just done for a moment. She then started to laugh, and Corrin smiled, knowing it had worked. "...Thank you, Corrin. I'm sorry for disgracing myself in this battle...." she trailed off as her embarrassment took hold. "Don't sweat it," Corrin replied. "After all, I had an accident too."

They both stood up, stepping out of their puddles of mess. "We should probably clean ourselves up...", Corrin mused. "Sure, but after that we're rematching. " Lucina replied, sword in hand again. They both exited the arena, leaving their messy accidents in the past.

