Bed wetting playtime

Author: Charlie Kirby

*000*2020-01-12 10:28

The house is silent. It’s late. With street lamps off, every inch of the room is lost in blackness. My parents are away, making me responsible for my two younger sisters.

I hear one awake. They shuffle toward my room and the door swings slowly open. The hallway night light silhouettes young Lilly tip toeing toward me. I know why she’s here, I secretly hoped for it. She taps my arm.

“Did it happen?” I ask, not wanting to unnecessarily embarrass her.

“Yes,” the sheepish reply.

“It’s okay. Were you wearing a diaper?”

“No. I...” Lilly’s voice was shaky and tearful.

“Don’t worry. Mom doesn’t have to know.”

We walked hand in hand to the dim bathroom, where I helped her out of her wet pyjamas and dried her with a bath towel. I left her with wet wipes while I retrieved a clean shirt and pants, then helped her dress.

She was shaking when I tucked her into my dry bed, so I offered what reassurance I could, then held her hand until she was asleep.

As much as it pains me to see Lilly upset with herself, I had been praying for this to happen tonight. I feel guilty for it, but her bed was legitimately wet now. I have the perfect excuse to have some fun, and it’s not the end of the world if I can’t hide all the evidence.

As I walk out I scoop a pair of leggings from my linen basket. I close the door and walk down the hall past Amy. I check she is sound asleep and close her door too.

Lilly’s room is on the other side of the bathroom, secluded at the far end of the house. I step in and click the door shut.

A night light glows on its dimmest setting, making shapes of furniture loom from the dark. The aroma is sweet, unmistakably the smell of my sister’s accident. I feel ashamed to use her as a cover story, but I adore playing like this and simply cannot get away with damaging my mattress. Lilly’s bears the scars from many accidents, and Mom has fully prepared it with a waterproof protector.

I wonder how intentional Lilly’s accidents are. She’s getting older and should surely have grown out of it by now. Does she enjoy it as much as I do? Why wasn’t she wearing her diaper?

I replace my pyjamas with the leggings. I know I can include them in the bedding wash without suspicion. Then, at last, I perch my bottom on her bed. The cold clammy sheets make my leggings damp. I swing my legs up and lay back. My bladder seems suddenly on the verge of release, as if I have just stepped in a bathroom and am lowering down onto the seat. My body is trained to know the feeling of Lilly’s wet bed. This ritual has happened so many times.

I am deeply aroused. My routine knows what’s coming. With a hand behind my head, my right begins to circle my crotch. The first tentative touches through the material are the beginning of my journey. With fingers almost trembling, I explore the seam that runs along the seat of the leggings. The fabric is doubled over here, numbing the sensations within.

My fingertips survey the textile in detail. I run them up and down, side to side. Every curve must be explored. From up above, where the waist band rests on my bladder, to below where the top of my legs met with the crest of my bottom. I place one finger either side and feel how swollen it is. The fabric stretched over the skin, the skin stretched over my arousal. I draw my fingers together, bringing the tips to the crevice which aches to be touched.

Slow exploration becomes tapping, the impact of my fingers’ dance starting the swell of pleasure within. Soon tapping becomes rubbing. The once delicate curves demanding more and more pressure to feel alive.

My heartbeat throbs in my ears, muted heavy breaths roll over my tongue. Before I know it my hand has slipped past the waistband. Fingers traverse sticky wet lips. Damp leggings press my hand flat. While my index and middle fingers explore the folds, my other fingers are forced further down. I feel the tight dot of my bottom hole squeezing and pulsing. It seems to writhe with the waves of pleasure that grow within me. My small finger is lost to the warmth between cheeks.

I close my eyes. Without a thought, I have fingers deep inside me now. My knees are rising uncommanded, heels digging into bed. Wet sheets cling to my arching back. My hand is on the verge of cramping. The same repetitive circling of my fingers fatiguing me. I’m on autopilot. I don’t think about any action.

Despite the ache in my wrist I penetrate harder and faster. I am rewarded by waves of pleasure, coming and going with growing power. I gasp. Deep within, fingers slip between velvety skin. I know the spot well, drawing up and down it again and again.

I am close now. Very close. The flutters that come and go stay for longer. Each one pulling me higher. My body rises more from the bed, heals lifting my bottom clear of the sheets. Groans escape into the room. It’s arriving. I want to wet the bed in time with this, but I’ve no clue how. I’ve never done the two together like but I crave the idea. I gasp, trying to relax without hindering the impending climax.

I feel the need to pee, I really do. It’s almost too much. Fingers pound me, thumb searching for pee hole but meeting the hard nipple of my cliterous instead. I try to relax. Force me bladder. Pant, gasp. Then a victory. One short sharp squirt of liquid hits my palm and disappears through my fingers.

A scream is muffled into a moan. Deep inside my attempts to relax give way to spasms that come at lightning speed. My bottom hits the bed hard, thighs trembling beyond control. The urge to pee battles with pleasure. Another press inside and the spasms grip my middle finger harder than ever. I can’t take it. Bursts of pee begin erupting from me. I can’t breath for the joy of it. Every wave of pleasure breaks into a hot golden splash that smothers my fingers. I withdraw my aching hand. An involuntary gasp signals a finale, the ecstasy writhing though becoming a breath in the night.

As pleasure fades I can relax fully. The trickle of pee that runs to my bottom becomes a stream. The hiss is louder than any moan. Cold sheets become warm again, the precious hot liquid pooling around my back. My leggings are soaked and I love it.

I’m almost exhausted, but not quite. So aroused by my own activities, I cannot find rest. In a final act, I remove the saturated leggings and allow my recovering hand to find my cliterous. It is electric to touch. I circle it with my index finger, building my body to one final indulgence. At last, my work is done.

*004*2020-03-10 22:46

Thank you for the kind comments! I am flattered you enjoy my writing, I do my best to paint the picture.

