The first time I met my (future) in-laws

Author: Country Man

*000*2016-08-04 03:27

My husband Mark and I had been first dating and then thinking about getting more serious. Part of that was the trip to meet his parents for the first time.

To say I was nervous was an understatement. This was a Big Step, and one I wanted to go well. But I knew there would be some issues. Mark's parents are very conservative, and he had told me they wanted him to come back home, join the family business, and marry a nice local girl. And I was the wicked big city woman who was luring him away.

I dressed conservatively. I mean, no way would I ordinarily put on a dress and pantyhose for a four hour car ride.

I also made the mistake of drinking too much iced tea in the car. We stopped for gas just outside the city where it was cheaper, and I got a big gulp style drink, underestimating both the length of the trip and my nerves.

There was no problem for most of the journey. Mark and I talked, mostly him reassuring me about his parents and warning me about some landmines: politics, religion, sex, him moving home, his mother's cooking, alcohol and drugs, his dad's tool collection, his mother's sister Frances, and on and on. The list kept getting longer, and I kept getting more worried.

With about an hour left to go, I started feeling the effects of the iced tea I had been sipping. I was still shy about my body and bodily needs, so I didn't say anything to Mark for the longest time.

When were about a half hour away, I decided I'd better say something if I wasn't going to arrive in a totally desperate state.

I asked if we could make a stop before we arrived, pointing to the empty 32oz cup.

We'd left after work so it was getting late. Mark was (is) kind of obsessed about getting there on time and not making his parents upset. "Can't you just wait 'til we're there?" I reluctantly shut up and shut down and just concentrated on seeing it through.

The next half hour became increasingly unpleasant. With each passing mile my anxiety about the upcoming meeting increased, and with each passing minute my bladder kept asserting its need for relief with greater and greater urgency.

I began to wonder how this was going to work out. I rocked back and forth in my seat, and began to silently pray: for Mark's parents to like me, for the visit to be ok, and for my bladder to quit being so insistent, but just cooperate long enough to say hello and get in the door.

Mark kept pointing out landmarks from his childhood, even though it was dark and you couldn't really see them, and helpfully(!) giving me the countdown. It was only another 10 minutes, then just a few minutes more, then finally we could see the old farmhouse down the road.

I was ready to bust as we went up the long driveway. As we hurriedly got out of the car, I tried my best to look calm and collected even though my bladder was screaming "You have one minute from RIGHT NOW!"

They had seen the car headlights and were waiting for us on the porch. Mark made the introductions and I tried not to shake with urgency and keep my voice level. "So glad to meet you," I said. We sized each other up and I knew I was on shaky ground. They were suspicious, and I was about to unleash a flood of urine on their front porch.

"Mom and Dad, I know we'd all like to get acquainted right here and now, but Diane needs a break after the long ride." I could have kissed him and killed him at the same time. Sheepishly I said I needed to visit the rest room. "Of course, dear," Mark's mother said, with a sympathetic twinkle in her eye. "I'll show you to your room."

She led me inside, and now it was a slow motion race. She told me Mark would be in his old room, and I would have the guest room, which was larger and more airy. As she led me up the narrow staircase, my bladder, anticipating imminent release, began to moisten my panties as I considered pushing her down and climbing over her. I knew it was a matter of seconds here, and just had to will myself to stop long enough to get to the toilet.

At the top of the stairs she paused, and said "Your room is at the end of the hall, and the bath is right here if you need it."

I sure did! I mumbled thanks and quickly pushed inside, seconds away from relief as I closed the door behind me.

Only to discover several things.

1) It's really dark in the country.

2) Old farmhouses do not always have light switches next to the door. Or anywhere else. Sometimes all they have is a pullchain which you'll only find when you've lived there all your life or the light is already on.

3) Even a small room is big in the dark.

4) It was going to be way beyond embarrassing to meet my potential future in-laws having wet myself IN THEIR FREAKING BATHROOM!

5) My bladder did not care about any of these things.

Plunged into darkness, my bladder throbbing, I tried in vain to find first the light, and then the toilet. But my bladder knew it was in the bathroom, and that was good enough. As much as I tried to hold it back, one gush followed another, dampening my panties, moistening my thighs, until it was pointless. Even as I was silently screaming to myself, "No, no, no," I had to give up and just let it flow unrestrained down my legs.

A strange calm came over me. For a moment there was nothing but the warm relief pouring out of me. My calves were mountain hillsides as the summer storm ran off them. As it ran into my shoes, I knew that under my feet was one of those fuzzy bathroom rugs that was going to be a bitch to clean.

Once the flow finally slowed, I felt around carefully with my hands and located the toilet bowl, approximately one foot from where I had been standing.

I peeled down my wet pantyhose and undies and sat on the pot. I managed a few weak little tinkles to salvage about half an iota of self-respect, which was instantly drowned in the waves of shame which washed over me.

After a few minutes there was a knock at the door. "Are you alright, honey?" Mark's mother asked quietly.

I was instantly three years old again, as I gathered myself to reply, "Um, could you please ask Mark to bring me my suitcase? I'm sorry, but I've had a little accident."

Twelve years, one wedding, and two grandkids later, most of my fears about the in-laws proved to be groundless. They're (usually) perfectly nice people.

The one thing I wish they'd change, though, is the way with every visit, they always insist on rushing me inside so I can "relax" after my journey. “I know you must need to freshen up,” mom winks.

