TOMB RAIDER: Lara In Chains

Author: Crime

*000*2019-12-09 13:41

Sorry, I don’t speak English very well, but really wanted to share this story.

“How could I be so caught ?!” Lara cursed herself. Her and Drake, her main rival in the current expedition, were locked in this basement more than five hours ago. Both were placed with their backs to the wall and facing each other, and chained with heavy metal shackles so that it was impossible to bring their hands together. The whole body of the girl was numb and hurt from numerous bruises and abrasions, but Croft did not suffer the most. For the past couple of hours, she suffered from severe pressure in the bladder. She needed to weaken it, it was necessary to follow the call of nature, but the bloody Aboriginals chained her to the wall, and she could not even scratch her own nose, not to lower her hands down and pull off her black denim shorts that fit her hips. All that remained was to endure and try to be distracted, but to do this became increasingly difficult.

Lara had already fallen into a similar situation before, and now the memories of this very brightly came to life before her eyes. That incident happened to a girl about two years ago. Croft was trapped in the dark labyrinth of an ancient Indian pyramid, lost in the inaccessible jungle in the valley of one of the tributaries of the Amazon River. She was hunted by a whole tribe of cannibals, whose relic - a stone figurine in the form of a vile appearance of a woman with tentacles instead of limbs - she stole. Lara hid from them for almost ten hours, and naturally during this time her body demanded to empty her bladder.

She was about to follow the call of nature, perched in a small depression in the wall of one of the stone corridors, when she suddenly heard the approaching clatter of feet. The cannibals did not fall behind, continuing to follow her trail. She hoped that they would pass through the tunnel itself, and she would go unnoticed in her refuge, but of course there was no question of fulfilling the plan, because they could be attracted by the murmur of a jet. Even taking off his pants was risky, because if they notice her, Lara will have to fight and quickly run away. Therefore, she straightened up, ignoring the pain in the lower abdomen, pressed her back against the wall and began to wait. With a dozen aborigines appeared in a couple of minutes.

Armed with spears and bows, they ran past Croft's refuge and, as luck would have it, stopped three meters further down the corridor where there was a fork. Loudly shouting phrases in their shameful language, they, as Lara understood, began to vigorously discuss which way the runaway was headed. At this moment, a terrible pain pierced the girl's body, and she gritted her teeth tightly, holding back a moan. And then I realized that she was beginning to urinate against her own will. It was a very strange realization that came with warmth quickly creeping over her legs and unexpected relief in her stomach. In the dancing reflections of the torches held by the natives, it was seen how the girl's gray-green, hiking pants began to darken rapidly on the inside of her hips, getting wet and harder from it.

She did not even try to stop, as she understood that she would not succeed. She squeezed her legs tightly and tried to restrain the power of the stream a little so that he would not murmur. She succeeded. Warm urine, gleaming slightly in the nervously quivering light of the torches, silently flowed down its legs down to high hiking boots in which trousers were tucked into. Breaking into small trickles, urine ran through the lacing of the boots and was lost in the dark under a massive grooved sole. Lira had never felt such relief. She tolerated more than five hours, and in the end it already prevented her from not only thinking soberly, but also made it difficult to move.

And now, the heat spreading through my pants brought peace and clarity of thinking. Only somewhere in the distance of her consciousness did a dull spark of shame sparkle for being described as a little girl. But in the light of all that was happening, this shame seemed inappropriate and therefore quickly faded.

In the meantime, the natives finally stopped the argument and headed for one of the tunnels. Five to six minutes later, Lara got out of her shelter, and hidden by the darkness moved along another tunnel. Wet pants of a slang interfered with movement, but not so much as to draw attention to it, especially when bloodthirsty cannibals follow the trail. An hour later, she climbed to the surface, and after another twenty minutes with pleasure jumped into a turbulent rivulet, which washed off the unpleasant smell coming from her pants and all the dirt that she carried on herself from that maze. The river cleared the girl’s conscience and very soon Croft forgot about that incident.

Forgot until today ...

Now she felt the same pressure and pain in her bladder as then in the pyramid. She would even be ready to do everything like that time, right in her pants, but the situations still were not the same. There, in the tunnels, no one saw everything that happened, and here, in front of her was Drake.

“Damn Drake” - Lara scolded her opponent again. Nathan Drake, too, was an archaeologist and tomb raider, and they were not the first to encounter when trying to get the same relic. Sometimes in these skirmishes she came out victorious, sometimes he.

Here, in the jungle of New Guinea, Lara planned to steal an incredible diamond, revered by one of the tribes. And she would have succeeded without noise and problems if Drake had not appeared. Appeared in his favorite style - with noise and shooting. As a result, both were discovered. Surrounding the tomb raiders, local natives put them to sleep with the help of poisoned darts and dragged them into this dungeon.

For the first couple of hours after waking up, they quarreled, shouting at each other, and accusing each other of their captivity. Everyone believed that everything was under control until the second appeared. But in the end, the two robber archaeologists agreed that the natives saved their lives only in order to sacrifice to their god. It only remained to wait when exactly this would happen. Time passed slowly, and with each passing hour, Lara became increasingly difficult to deal with his problem and hide it from Drake.

The sharp pain suddenly fettered her. The girl squeezed her legs tightly and bent as far as she could in this position. The new wave was stronger than before. It was necessary to do something, otherwise everything would end just like in that cave. Croft already felt that her strength was running out. She looked at Drake. He bowed his head and seemed to doze. It seems. Or maybe just relaxing. Maybe he waited and watched. And after all, there is no way to hide from his gaze, they were placed opposite each other, in a well-consecrated chamber. The wave rolled again, Lara bent again. The crotch became warm.

"Not! God no no no no Lord, don't let this happen! ”

Lara strained her whole body and froze in a bent position. Then she slowly lowered her head. The legs were tightly pressed against each other, and bent so much that only the very toes of the shoes touched the floor. On the denim of black fabric, her short quickly dried up, losing its characteristic luster, a wet spot.

"Damn it!".

Lara raised her head and looked at Drake. His position has not changed. She frantically wondered what to do when suddenly a metal rattle rang out and the door opened.

Croft froze in her strange, twisted position. Drake didn’t move either. Three Aboriginal people entered the room. One went to Lara, the other to Nathan, the latter remained at the door, clutching a crooked sword. Poking Drake on the back of the spear, the native tried to wake the man, but he did not move. Shouting something in his tongue, the native raised his head by the hair. Drake's eyes were closed, a thin stream of saliva stretched from his mouth. It seems that he fell into a coma from fatigue and serious injury. The natives shook him and, letting go, started talking loudly about something with the others.

A wave of pain swept over the girl's body again, the epicenter of which was the bladder. She squeezed again like a stretched string, and moisture shone again on her shorts, updating the spot in her crotch.

“God, how painful it is,” Lara moaned mentally, still continuing to struggle fiercely with the need of her own organism.

The next second, Drake raised his head. Taking advantage of the fact that the Aborigines were distracted, he quickly released his right hand (it seems that he had cracked his shackles on it for a long time and was just waiting for the moment, having played to someone) and grabbing a knife hanging on the belt from the Aborigine, threw it at the head of what stood at the door. The native who was closest to Nathan rushed at him, and a fight ensued. The third apparently doubted, not knowing what to do, either rushing to help a friend, or guarding Lara, who, too, might already have freed her hands and waited. Croft doubted a little less than him. She quickly realized that this might be the only chance of salvation, and they should have taken advantage at all costs.

She abruptly pushed off the floor, jumped up and wrapped her legs around the neck of her jailer. His head was in the groin of a girl and his chin rested on a button on her shorts. The native tried to break free, digging his fingers into her hips. Lara tore the torso down and he fell to his knees. Clutching the hips and soul of the enemy, Croft finally lost control of her bladder. Urine fluttered between her legs. Lara saw the stream quickly spread through her black shorts. Part of it went around the aboriginal neck, tightly squeezed, as if in a vice, and urine poured down his back. Several golden jets flowed down the chest of the native. But most of the split stream swept down the seam of her shorts, from the crotch to the pockets on the buttocks, spread almost over the buttocks of the girl, who at that moment hung in the air without any support, and began to drain from her thin streams.

Killing the native, Lara thought: “did he understand what was happening?”. The natives could not help but feel how dense denim pressed against his Adam's apple began to get wet. As a stormy stream poured from the girl's crotch, running in streams over his body. Naturally, he felt all this, but did he manage to realize that this girl had just described herself directly to him, and if so, did he betray any significance to this fact? Probably not. What is the point if you die?

The aborigine's eyes rolled back, Lara felt that his body was limp, and his fingers were unclenched and his hands fell away, leaving only red marks on her legs as a reminder of herself. But the stream continued to pour. She killed a man before she finished pissing. Apparently there was too much urine in her, for too long she restrained her inside. And now, pinching a corpse between her legs, Lara Croft watched as a huge dark spot on her shorts, even darker than black denim, continues to slowly creep to the sides.

The stain crawled into its fly, and almost completely covered it with itself, and on the left side it reached the edge and, having wet the side pocket, passed over the pelvic bone, having rolled on the buttock with which it was torn off by a string of golden drops multiplying a puddle spreading over the dirty floor, under the knees dead aborigine. The stream dried out unexpectedly, but the urine, soaked in her clothes, continued to flow in streams over the dead man's body and drip down from Lara's shorts. She poured everything and now felt empty. The shorts had more wet cloth than dry. There was a gigantic black spot behind and in front.

Lara looked at him as bewitched when Drake ran past, having already killed his opponent and managed to free himself from the shackles completely.

“Maybe you will let him go already, dear?” - said Nathan with his characteristic mocking intonation. - He seems to have already gone round.

Lara quickly let go of the corpse, and stood up, trying to bend so that Drake would not notice her wet clothes, although she understood that this was impossible. Lowering her legs to the ground, the girl felt droplets of urine running along her thighs, continuing to break from her shorts.

“This is a failure,” she thought bitterly, “he saw everything, and so now everyone will know that Lara Croft is a pitiful pissing girl, and that nothing will wash away this shame.”

But Drake, without even looking in that direction, quickly began to free her hands. Freeing the right, he ran to the left.

“The rest will be here soon.” I hope you are ready?

“I don't need your help,” Croft said, trying to contain the tears of resentment and humiliation.

“No matter how you thank you later,” Drake released her other hand and then the natives rushed into the room.

Both archaeologists entered the fray. Lara had never fought with such fury, taking out all her anger and resentment for what had happened on the pagans captivating her.

An hour later, Croft and Drake were already running through the jungle, and their pursuers seemed to be left behind. A road appeared ahead, and on it was an SUV left by Lara. The girl jumped into it and immediately started the engine. And only then did she realize that Drake was not around. Looking around, she saw him standing on the edge of the forest, on the other side of the road.

“Our paths diverge here, beauty,” he grinned. “I liked fighting with you, not against you.” Maybe no matter what, we repeat?

“I can throw you to the city,” Lara said, and then she recovered herself and added, “As a thank you for saving me.”

- It is tempting, but I will probably refuse. However, you remember this impulse of yours. Now you owe me twice.

- Twice? - surprised Lara.

“For removing the shackles from you, and for not telling anyone about your little embarrassment.”

In Lara’s chest, everything went cold. Then rage gurgled in her. With a sharp movement, she pulled a pistol out of a hiding place under the steering wheel and pointed it at Drake.

- Just dare! She growled.

“You won't shoot,” he said, continuing to smile. “You're not like that, Croft.”

- Would you like to check?!

“I already know that.” Do not worry, brave tomb raider, your wet secret under the lock - he showed with a gesture how to fasten his lips on an invisible zipper, and then smiled wider than before - See you again.

With these words, he turned around and hid in the forest.

For some time, Lara sat with her gun pointing to the place where no one was already and thinking about everything that had happened. Then she threw her weapon back into the next seat and looked down. The spot on the shorts was almost dry, but she still felt the moisture in her crotch. The characteristic smell of urine was also trapped in the air. But from something she did not feel any more shame. Drake saw everything, and for some reason she was even glad about it. Everything that happened today has clearly melted the ice between them. Of course, friendship is still a long way off, but maybe it was precisely today that they took the first step towards it.

With this thought, Lara pressed on the gas and rushed away along the road.

