3 Ways

Author: Connor Temple

*000*2025-05-04 00:58

Hi guys, I'm back with my fourth story. This time we have three friends meeting up for a chill evening in...

*Content WARNING: This story features somewhat more vivid and intense content relating to human excrement than my previous stories; discretion is advised.

###

Jasmine squeezed her buttocks together as the urge grew ever stronger. Beads of sweat ran down her hot forehead and trickled down her face.

"Come on, come on, come - NOOOO!" she groaned in despair as the traffic ground to a halt in front of her as the lights became red. Almost as red as Jasmine's cheeks. She slammed her hands into the steering wheel with frustration.

"No, no... How can this POSSIBLY happen to me!?" she shouted in pained desperation. But at the same time, a tingle blossomed within her. The anticipation bloomed...

Suddenly, her phone vibrated, causing Jasmine to jump. It also caused her bowels to quiver, and a small piece of faeces popped out into her knickers. Jasmine's heart rate increased tenfold as she felt her arousal increase; but also her panic as she felt she may not be able to last until she got to Rosie's. Stuck behind the red light, she took the opportunity to check her phone. It was Rosie.

"Hi Jaz, just checking you're on way. I've lit a few candles xx"

Jasmine sighed as she typed her reply.

"Hey Rosie, am about 5 mins away but stuck behind red light. Shouldn’t be kept here for too long x. Feel like am about to lose control tho."

About five minutes later, and Jasmine was still in traffic, waiting desperately. The piece of poo that had escaped had squished slightly against her left buttock, an uncomfortable, yet arousing sensation. Discomfort and shame grew in Jasmine’s stomach as the telltale deep, sharp smell pervaded her nostrils, stinging them. A controlled accident, an accident on her own terms, she liked. She really liked, actually. A full-on genuine accident in a setting she hadn’t chosen, she didn’t like. She felt ashamed that she’d had a little accident while driving, as most likely any adult would. She imagined people finding out, the accident causing the seat to smell, it being obvious to anyone who got in her car that someone had had an accident in it, and it not taking too much deduction to determine that it was her who’d been the perpetrator.

Suddenly, she felt an increase in pressure around her sphincter, and her eyes widened in shock, her face contorting into an expression of acute alarm, her eyebrows arching downwards and inward at their innermost point along with her eyes widening and her nostrils flaring; the pressure was accompanied by an even worse sensation of the direct stimulation of the nerve that transmits the urge to poo, a particularly uncomfortable sensation which was incredibly hard to take her mind off. She clenched tight, letting out a little squeal in panic. She managed to hold it, now panting with the effort it took. Probably only twenty seconds later, the light finally turned green, and the other cars made their way through. 

Jasmine jolted her foot into the accelerator, but as she did so, she also pushed hard internally. She felt a sharp push, which met some resistance, and then a slower push which plurp-plurp- plurped a bit out of her, still meeting resistance at first but then flowing out freely; she felt her bumhole open and a mess of faeces rushed out into her knickers, squashing against the fabric. The smell filled her nostrils virtually instantly. Her mouth opened in shock, and she felt a rush of heat in her cheeks; partly from the thrill of it, but partly from the embarrassment and annoyance that she hadn't been able to last until she got to Rosie's. She continued driving for around five minutes, before pulling into Rosie's drive.

***

Rosie led her into the living room.

"Its no big deal." She said, pouring Jasmine a whisky.

“You still enjoyed it, yeah?” She added, her straight golden locks flinging around and bouncing on her shoulder as she turned to hand Jasmine her drink.

“Oh yeah, definitely.” Jasmine giggled with a little blush. She leant against the sideboard, sipping the smooth whisky, feeling it warm her throat as it slid down it, and feeling the faeces that was weighing down her knickers warming her buttocks.

"Good.” Rosie continued.

“And Millie will still be pleased."

"Yeah, of course." Jasmine replied with a slightly coy smile.

"Cheers."

“Cheers.”

Their glasses clinked. Jasmine rested back against the wall, sipping her whisky, watching Rosie. Several minutes passed, as they made slight conversation, but, as Jasmine sipped her whisky ever more slowly, Rosie started to feel a tingle inside her. Her eyes met Jasmine's, who smiled at her. Rosie smiled back. Jasmine gently brushed her chocolatey-brown heir forwards from her shoulder, and it flung forwards. Rosie’s heart quickened a little at this, and she blushed. Jasmine smiled.

"That's cute."

This made Rosie blush even more.

"Jasmine, stop." She replied with a smile, but Jasmine continued.

"Ooo, that's cute as well."

This caused Rosie to blush even more. She felt the heat burn in her cheeks.

"Jasmine, stop!" She said.

Jasmine got up now and kissed her on the lips. It was forceful, but gentle at first, Rosie savouring the soft pressure, enveloping and sucking Jasmine’s lips. Their lips exploded with passion, heat, and then pain, as Jasmine began to slowly nibble on Rosie's lower lip. This caused Rosie to withdraw with pain, but Jasmine pulled her back, kissing her more forcefully.

Rosie felt the tingle inside her increase and make it’s way outside her body, moistening her pants. Jasmine backed her into a table, Rosie’s body causing the books that were resting on it to clatter onto the floor; Jasmine was kissing her and nibbling on her lip ever more forcefully. Rosie rushed her hands behind Jasmine's back, but felt only one of them move. She tried to move the other again, but it stopped.

“I- *gasp wh-*heavy breathing what?”

This didn’t make sense. Rosie had to kind-of balance herself as she had been prepared to stand up properly once Jasmine’s weight wasn’t on her so much pushing her against the table; she tensed her core, her legs outstretched so that she was basically sitting in mid-air. Why could she only move one hand? She looked down, and saw the other handcuffed to the table leg. Jasmine had been sly enough to grab them off the bookshelf. Rosie looked up, her eyes widening in panic, causing her to become even more aroused.

"Jasmine, let me go!" Rosie shouted, even though her captivity was increasingly turning her on. Jasmine held a finger to her lips and somewhat-slowly sat down on her outstretched leg. Her excrement squashed against her buttocks, increasing her own arousal. The stench stung her nostrils, also somewhat increasing her arousal by association of what it was the smell of. Jasmine didn’t actually particularly like the smell of poo, in fact, in spite of her fetish in most situations she liked it about as much as the typical person, but knowing that it was her warm fresh excrement that filled her pants that she was smelling, added a little extra to her level of arousal.

She stared deeply into Rosie's blue eyes and saw them wide with fear, but also, underneath that, a deep-seated, sensuous arousal. She reached out and held Rosie’s round left cheek, feeling it’s warm plumpness, at which she couldn’t help but smile. Rosie couldn’t help but smile a little in return. Jasmine leant in and softly kissed the cheek, at which Rosie definitely couldn’t help but smile.

"I won't be a minute." She whispered in Rosie's ear, getting up and leaving the room.

Rosie looked around hurriedly, wondering when Jasmine would return. She had first noticed her unusual fetish when she had been a teenager and had found herself locked inside her school after a parents evening. She had panicked, fearing that she would be stuck alone in there all night, with no way out, and it had, remarkably, caused her to become aroused. She snapped out of this reminiscent memory now though as Jasmine returned, carrying three different length whips...

Jasmine set the whips down on the table, noticing instantly the scent of Rosie's vagina as she entered. The scent made her heart rate increase and her private parts moisten. She ran her fingers slowly along the whips. Rosie's eyes widened in anticipation. Jasmine picked up the second biggest one with the second longest tails, and slowly walked over to Rosie, running it along the table. Rosie tensed her muscles in anticipation as she felt a flutter in her chest. Jasmine ran the whip along Rosie's legs, looking down at her.

"I think someone's been quite naughty." She said. She cracked the whip through the air into Rosie's cheek. Rosie gasped at the pain. A rush of adrenaline surged through her. She now had a large red graze just below her eye. Jasmine stared her straight in the eyes, and then slapped the whip against her other cheek. Rosie's mouth opened again in pain, as another red graze appeared on her cheek.

Jasmine leaned in close to Rosie, kissing her passionately and running her thumb across her cheek bone, right over one of the cuts. Rosie's eyes watered with the pain, but it only increased the sensual heat of the kiss.

***

Jasmine now started to slip Rosie's top off her shoulders. It slipped right off. She stared at her breasts. They were heaving. She dragged the tails of the whip across them, before delivering a sharp crack to the right breast. Rosie dragged against the grip of the handcuffs to escape, her sense of entrapment increasing, but her deep-seated arousal increasing as well.

Jasmine squatted down in front of Rosie's crotch, feeling her warm poo squash up against the sides of her buttocks and start to touch her hips. She gently unbuttoned Rosie's jeans and slowly undid the zip. Rosie's eyes widened in anticipation. Jasmine pulled the jeans off, along with Rosie's knickers. The smell of her intimate area instantly filled her nostrils. Jasmine cocked her head to one side, admiring Rosie's labia. They were a combination of large & plump and small & tidy, the skin-coloured majora plump and much bigger than, and normally covering, the minora, which were becoming slightly revealed now that Rosie was becoming aroused though, and were pale pink. Her entire pussy glistened in the light.

Jasmine took a long, deep breath in, inhaling the musky scent of Rosie's privates, greatly increasing her own arousal. She took her time to smell them, gently cocking her head to one side, then the other, her smooth chocolatey-brown hair falling off one shoulder and then the other. She gazed at her d-cup breasts, being supported by a bright red bra that really complemented her blue eyes. Jasmine made sure to tell Rosie this, causing her to blush again. Jasmine draped the whip's tails across Rosie's left leg, before digging the butt into her clitoris. Rosie's mouth opened wide, her eyes watering with pain, and her fingers digging into the carpet. Jasmine cracked the whip against her body and her breasts several times now, before leaning in to her intimate area.

She took a deep breath in, inhaling the musky scent of Rosie's privates. Resting her hands on Rosie’s thick thighs, feeling their soft plumpness, gently squeezing them, she stuck her tongue out and pushed it into Rosie’s labia, parting the majora and entering to reach the minora, gently flicking Rosie's clitoris. Rosie flung her head back, taking a sharp breath in. Jasmine licked her labia with several gentle licks on each side, letting the natural lubrication run down her throat. Rosie's breathing rate increased and her core tensed as she was stimulated more and more. Jasmine cracked the whip across Rosie's leg, leaving a sore red mark on the top of her thigh. Rosie whimpered in pain, but felt the rush. Jasmine gently swung her hips back and forth, squashing her excrement against her buttocks, giving herself a rush. Rosie moved her legs together quickly.

"Jasmine... My bra... Could you please... Its constricting me..."

Jasmine looked up at Rosie's breasts, and saw that they were being squashed together tightly. She smiled. Planting a kiss on Rosie's clitoris, she rose up, dragging the whip up her body, and undid her bra. Her breasts seemed to burst out. Rosie let out a massive sigh, but was cut off as Jasmine cracked the whip across her left breast. This time her eyes welled with tears. Jasmine whipped again, and again and again and then squatted down, again feeling her poop squash against her buttocks. She guided Rosie's clitoris to be between her lips with her tongue, and nibbled on it gently.

"Uuuuuugh!" Rosie moaned as the tears finally fell from her eyes, throwing her head back. It was like her clit was burning with stimulation. She reached out and gently stroked Jasmine’s hair.

“Oh, you good girl.”

Jasmine blushed at this, continuing to eat Rosie out. She wasn’t properly embarrassed at how being called a good girl made her feel good, but she did feel a little heat in her cheeks. A nice heat, though. She pressed Rosie’s clitoral hood against her clitoris with one hand, gently rubbing it over it, while massaging her own clitoris in a circular motion with the other. She swallowed a sharp-musty, oily lubrication-infused mouthful of saliva, squeezing a little back out to lubricate Rosie’s pussy more. As she licked, she couldn’t help but wonder where the third party that was meant to be meeting them tonight had got to…

/\/\/\

About 10 miles down the road, Millie was sat in the back of a taxi, eagerly awaiting it to get her to Rosie’s house. She had made about half of her journey, in a moderate amount of discomfort already, but now she felt her heart rate rise as the taxi slowed to a trundle and then a complete stop. She leant to her right to see through the windscreen. Her vision was filled with the incandescent red of the brake lights of the cars in front of them, for practically as far as the eye could see. Millie groaned, a groan that rose in grittiness and frustration but then died away again slowly. There was no point getting frustrated; she would have to sit through it no matter what.

“Don’t worry love, I’ve done this route a lot the past few days, these lights never keep us here for too long.” The taxi driver piped up to reassure her. Millie smiled at him in the rear view mirror, and he smiled back. The smile instantly left her face though as he looked back ahead of him. She looked out of the widow to her left, bouncing the balls of her feet up and down quite fast. This was due to the moderate amount of discomfort that she was already feeling; a pressure in her bladder that was impossible not to notice. She had had an extremely busy day at work, and with a couple of errands to run after work as well, she hadn’t had much of a chance to visit the toilet in several hours.

Coupled with not actually having been since a couple hours before that, and having to head straight to Rosie’s after her errands as well to avoid being late, meant that her bladder had ended up filling quite a lot by now. She sucked her lips in, pressing her thighs together and rubbing them slightly. Her flat-featured, clear face was emotionless as she tried to distract herself from her predicament. She started to turn scarlet as she silently admitted to herself that this wasn’t the only reason that she needed to wee so badly now. She bought a buzzballs negroni to her lips and sipped it; her eyes fell to the plethora of empty premixed cocktail cans and ball-shaped containers she had scattered on the floor of the taxi. 

She couldn’t not reward herself after her hard day at work, could she? she had thought, taking advantage of various 3 for 2 and mix & match offers. It would be a nice reward/treat for herself, and it would pass the time in the taxi. But it was really catching up with her now. Millie quietly moaned as some of a whiskey sour trickled down her ureter and into her bladder, adding both to its contents and irritation of it’s walls, further heightening her urgency. Well, she imagined it was the whiskey sour anyway, with the lemon juice along with the high proof alcohol. She pursed her lips again, gently sucking them in and letting them fall out to a normal position; she could still hold it, but it was becoming incredibly uncomfortable.

10 minutes later, and the traffic hadn’t moved an inch. Millie shifted uncomfortably in her seat, scratching her thigh to distract herself, hurriedly bouncing her leg and brushing her soft locks away from her forehead. She winced at the pain of scratching her thigh, but it was more welcome than the fullness in her bladder.

“Oh fucking hell.” She breathed out with a sigh, exasperated. This was more than just an annoyance now. Millie hadn’t battled with such a distressingly full bladder since she was in school. She bit her lip, hard. Her narrow belt wrapped tight around her thin waist, a python coiling around her bladder. Millie whimpered.

“Just a bit longer, that’s all. Just a little bit longer is all you need to do.”

Deep breath in.

“You can do this, girl. You can do this.”

But she really wasn’t sure that she could. What should have been a 20 minute-half an hour drive had already taken half an hour and she still had about half of it to do. Millie’s teeth virtually chattered against her lip, a reflex she couldn’t help but adhere to. She crossed her arms, staring at the floor, frowning in discomfort. As she stared at the floor, her eyes caught an espresso martini can and she felt her frustration rise. The vodka plus caffeine that she had ingested in that had no doubt added tremendously to her desperation. She suddenly felt extremely hot. A deep, overpowering wave of heat that cascaded over her.

Millie shook her head quickly, quickly squeezing her eyes shut then open again. She took her denim jacket off, hoping for an instant relief from the heat, which didn’t materialise. She started to zone out. Just then, as she was zoned out, she felt a weight gently increase in her bladder, and her sphincter opened. Millie gasped as a short jet of urine escaped, spurting into her knickers. She carefully but hurriedly placed the buzzball down on the seat next to her in order to bring both her hands to her crotch. As her hands folded over the edge of her denim skirt, she gently patted her front first, as if to reassure her pussy that all would be ok, before holding it tight. As she did, her fingers found a wet front of her pants.

A little accident had been had. Her blue eyes sparkled with tears. She could hold it. Suddenly, she became acutely aware of the fact that she was sitting desperate to pee in a taxi and not her own car. A taxi, driven by a taxi driver. If she burst, she would soak his seats! Her mind raced, and she fumbled looking around for anything. Then just as the thought entered her mind, her hands found her denim jacket. She semi-folded, semi-scrunched it up and moved it underneath her, the movement sloshing the urine around in her bladder and also causing both the seatbelt to cut into her bladder, and her belt to squeeze it even tighter, causing an unbearable sensation. But it worked. Millie was now sat on her jacket, and it actually felt quite comfy too. Now, if she did have an accident, she at least wouldn’t get the seat wet.

Ten minutes had passed, and the traffic had barely moved; a few cars being allowed through the lights, but definitely only the minority, and Millie still sat in the taxi, in absolute agony. She hugged herself, rocking back and forth, her legs crossed as tightly as they could be. Her eyes squeezed shut. She hadn’t had a piss in about seven and a half hours, and had been stuck in this car journey which should have delivered her to a toilet in 20 to 30 minutes for 40 minutes. The poor girl could barely hold it any longer. Her eyes brimmed with tears. Finally the traffic lights went green, and stayed green! Long enough for them to get through! But it was too late for Millie. She lasted another two minutes, but then, her resolve crumbled. Her body just couldn’t contain this much pee any longer. Millie’s mouth opened in a very quiet, pained gasp as control of her bladder was lost and urine began to spread through her knickers.

She started to sob silently, her lips pulling back to reveal her teeth, strands of saliva strung between her lips. Her knickers were absolutely drenched, and the flood made short work of her short skirt as well, taking just a few seconds longer to eat its way through, darkening the pale material. Her bladder hadn’t even emptied a quarter yet, and Millie wiped tears and strands of hair from her eyes. Her skirt was sodden now. It was up to the jacket that she perched on to be the final bastion of defence for the seat and a small sliver of Millie’s dignity. She sniffed as she felt the tough bits of the denim become less tough, softened by the fresh wee. It was probably half emptied now. Maybe she could hold the rest in until she got to Rosie’s house? She bit her lip, squeezing her thighs together, trying with all her might to stop the flow. 

But it was no use. Millie had no choice but to let the rest of the wee stream out of her. Her breathing was short and ragged, distressed. Finally, it slowed to a trickle, and Millie sat there, sniffling in the aftermath. Ironically, only ten minutes later, the taxi pulled into Rosie’s drive. Millie pulled her jacket up from underneath her, nervously patting the seat; luckily, her idea had worked, and no urine had wet the seat. She instinctively put the jacket on, then remembered that it was soaked through with piss. She didn’t care; she just wanted to get inside and have her girlfriends hold her.

***

“Oh my god, you poor thing!” Jasmine exclaimed, pushing the front door closed and pulling Millie in for a cuddle.

“Aww, it’s ok baby, it is, it really is.”

Millie nodded, as Jasmine stroked her back.

“I know- I know it is!” Millie replied in a flustered laugh.

“It’s just… upsetting, isn’t it? For it to happen when you really don’t want it to.”

Jasmine nodded, a sympathetic look on her face.

“Yeah, it is. I’m sorry Millie.”

Jasmine stroked Millie’s arm, then gently kept hold of it as she started walking away, letting her hand run down it as she walked away.

“I’ll be two minutes.”

She really was only two minutes. A couple minutes later Jasmine returned

“I’ve left her at the mercy of a vibrator and a clit sucker.” she said. Millie smiled at this.

“Before she had one hand free; now she doesn’t have any.”

“Oh wow!” Millie replied, giggling gleefully.

Jasmine took her hand and lead her upstairs.

“Rosie said we could use her room to get you cleaned up.”

Millie smiled, feeling warm inside. Her friends always took care of her.

As she was lead upstairs, Millie couldn’t help but seem to notice a smell. It was quite distinct, and in fact she was surprised she hadn’t really noticed it before now. Well, the upset, she guessed. But she could definitely notice it now, and her heart rate started to increase as she smelt it. She was a little nervous, but she asked what she was wondering anyway.

“Jaz, I - I can smell poo."

Jasmine’s steps slowed ad they got to the landing, and she turned to face Millie.

"Yeah, s-sorry Millie.”

“I mean, you know how much I like it, could you have not waited till you knew I was just, say, five minutes away before going?”

Jasmine’s cheeks turned a deep crimson of embarrassment. She could tell from the expression on Millie’s face that she was genuinely annoyed and irritated.

“I really am sorry Millie. On the way over here I… well, I couldn't hold it any longer."

Millie smirked.

“Yeah, well, we all now how much you hhhaaaate (this was stretched out to emphasise the piss-taking of it) to crap your pants.”

Millie looked at Jasmine, her brow furrowed slightly in a smirk.

“You dirty girl.”

“Millie, stop!”

Millie was taken aback by the brusqueness of this. Jasmine was genuinely agitated.

“I mean I really had an accident. I was stuck in traffic and in the end I couldn’t hold it in.”

Millie’s face softened and she hugged Jasmine.

“It’s alright,” said Jasmine, extricating herself from Millie’s arms and pulling strands of her hair from her mouth, “I’m not that upset by, just a bit embarrassed, as anyone would be in the situation. And a little pissed that I couldn’t prolong and enjoy it here.”

“Oh that’s good, good that you’re not embarrassed. And I’m sorry, I thought you were just thinking of some of your pleasure while willingly throwing away some of the opportunity to prolong it for the both of us.”

Jasmine smiled, giving Millie a peck on the cheek. She opened the door to Rosie’s bedroom, grabbing a blanket off a chair and closing the door behind them. She spread it out on Rosie’s bed, straightening out any lumps or folds. She clicked her finger and pointed at Millie.

“Pants” she pointed downwards at the floor “off.”

~~~

Back in the living room, Rosie was basking in a world of pleasure. She threw her head back as she gently arched her back and arched her hips forwards before a swift final thrust, grinding into the vibrator in her pussy.

“Huuuh-huh-huh huhhhh-huuuuuuh.” She groaned in quick succession, the high pitched groans sounding like crying. She was in no state that would have her making such noises of distress though; the incredibly intense pleasure on her most sensitive parts was what drove this.

“Ooo-hooo.” She whimpered. She couldn’t even hold herself or play with her boobs or even bring her hands to her face as she wanted though, because of her wrists being bound. She twisted her wrists against the handcuffs, feeling the hard edge of the metal dig into her wrist, cutting into her soft skin and pressing against the resistance of her wristbone. The wristbone in particular was quite painful, and Rosie felt shivers run down her spine as the metal dug into her. Her captivity drove her wwwild. However, she was feeling a degree of discomfort though; there was now an uncomfortable fullness in her bladder.

The vibrator in her pussy was sending shockwaves into her bladder, heightening her discomfort even more. And she currently had no way of relieving herself. She reached out with her feet to try to drag the table with the glasses of whiskey on it nearer to her, thinking that she could possibly relieve herself into one of them if she managed to get it onto the floor. But she couldn’t reach. She stretched her legs until her thighs were burning, screwing her face up, but she still couldn’t reach far enough.

“No-huh-huh-hoooowe.” She whimpered, her head falling in defeat. This was starting to become urgent. She tried to distract herself, looking around the room, taking in the various colourful prints that Rosie had on the walls. Her focus was particularly drawn to a pop-art style print of Audrey Hepburn, in pastel pink and purple. She did like Audrey; she thought she was so attractive and she liked these colours, so this was a good distraction for her. She pressed her thighs together repeatedly, squeezing the vibrator with her pussy. But her need to relieve herself was growing so steadily, that this didn’t provide relief for long; three or four minutes at best.

Rosie’s plump cheeks were reddening from a not-uncommon-for her pink tinge to a hot, flustered, exasperated red. She looked at the glasses of whiskey again, crimson anger starting to burn in her chest. That was probably the main reason for her predicament right now. Well, that and the fact that she derived sexual pleasure from having her autonomy being taken away via being bound, and being in pain, but that wasn’t the point. Rosie moaned in desperation again. It was getting urgent now. She stretched out her legs again, trying with all her might to reach the table.

“Mmmrrruuuurrrraaahhhhh!” She groaned, which then turned into a cry as she jjjjjust managed to reach the table leg and knock it a bit. One of the whiskey glasses came crashing to the floor, thankfully cushioned by the carpet. Rosie winced as most of the chilled whiskey that was in it, virtually a full measure, splashed onto her thigh. The cold made her bladder quiver, and she had to clench her sphincter. She just held it in. The whiskey tumbler lay on the floor, overall nearer her, but still pppppossibly out of reach. She stretched her leg out again, her thigh muscles absolutely on fire.

“Uuuurrergh” she groaned through gritted teeth, a groan which died off to a breathy “aaaagh.” as she gave up. Rosie’s head sunk, defeated. Her clitoris was in heaven. Yet the other sensation she was feeling was enough to make her wrrrriggle with discomfort.

~~~

Jasmine opened the door to Rosie’s bedroom, grabbing a blanket off a chair and closing the door behind them. She spread it out on Rosie’s bed, straightening out any lumps or folds. She clicked her finger and pointed at Millie.

“Pants” she pointed downwards at the floor “off.” Millie smiled, going red. She undid her narrow belt, unzipping her denim skirt and pulling it off. Her piss-soaked light-blue knickers were revealed. She felt she could possibly see Jasmine’s eyes widen slightly out of the corner of her eye at the sheer amount of piss soaking her pants. She looked down at herself. Her camel toe was clearly visible on her now darkened and slightly sheer knickers. She started to pull them off. It was harder than she thought it would be.

Millie sniffled. She started to tear up again. She put the edge of her finger to her eye to catch the tear, but as she was taking it back away from her eye she felt Jasmine’s arms wrap around her and her lips met hers. Millie started to feel warm inside, warm and fuzzy as Jasmine gently smothered her in affection. After a gentle yet passionate kiss, Jasmine pulled away, putting her fingers at the top Millie’s waistband and starting to work her pants down. A thick scent wafted up from her grey labia.

Millie sat on the blanket, half-lying back, half-sitting up. She felt Jasmine bring a cool baby wipe to her buttock, wiping up from back to front. The layer of urine was swept away in easy stroke after easy stroke.

After her buttocks, Jasmine threw away the wipe and got out a clean one, turning her attention to Millie’s pussy. The thick scent pervaded her nostrils, and it was obvious Millie had urinated recently. As she wiped her labia, Jasmine uncovered a little bit of smegma between the folds on Millie’s left, nestled away hiding in the crevices. The sharp, slightly cheesey smell started to fill her nostrils, making her pull a face, but also get somewhat turned on; she was in an intimate enough position with Millie to see and smell not just her unwashed pussy, but her girl cheese as well.

“Oh dear, I’m sorry about that Jasmine.” she said, blushing.

“It’s alright, it happens to all of us.” Jasmine smiled. Millie smiled back.

Jasmine wiped Millie’s left buttock and thigh.

“There there, baby girl”.

Millie blushed, a coy smile forming on her lips.

Before long, Millie was as clean as she was right after her shower this morning. She still maintained a bit of her natural scent though, which was quite hard to get rid of completely. Neither she nor Jasmine minded though. Jasmine fetched her a tiny skirt from Rosie’s drawers.

“No point you having fresh knickers as well, given what you’re here to do.”

Jasmine smirked.

Millie smirked back. She followed Jasmine back into the living room, the scent of faeces pervading her nostrils, her labia becoming stickier by the second.

"Well hi girls!" Millie said as she entered the room after Jasmine. Both other girls smiled.

“Hellooo bayyybyyyy.” She directed at a bound Rosie, whose toes were curling and thighs tensing in response to the vibrator in her pussy and the rose-shaped clit sucking device on the end of her clitoris, which the side of the vibrator was resting against and therefore transmitting its vibrations in a muted fashion through the clit sucker as well. Rosie managed a smile through her desperation, before crying out “I need a wee!!!”

Both girls looked shocked, and Jasmine rushed to find a receptacle. Rosie was moaning and panting in distress, Millie stroking her hair gently. Jasmine came back within a minute with a medium-small plastic bowl. She moved the vibrator and sucker away from Rosie’s pussy, holding the bowl in their place and angling it up a bit to provide Rosie with a larger target. Rosie started to wee instantly. She breathed a massive sigh of relief. All three girls looked at each other and chuckled. As Rosie’s stream slowed to a trickle, Millie gave her some well folded up tissues to wipe with, while Jasmine then went to dispose of the wee in the toilet.

Millie coming over and giving her a kiss on the lips.

"Awwww bayyybyyyy. This looks like fun, whatever game you two are playing here,” she said as Jasmine re-entered the room, “mind if I join i- Jaz, I - I can smell poo." Millie said in a playful fashion.

"Yeah sorry Millie. On the way over here I - well, I couldn't hold it any longer."

"Oh well, doesn't matter." Millie replied, sipping her own whisky.

"As long as you've kept it warm for me." She said, her blue eyes wide and attentive, her vulva starting to moisten.

Jasmine smiled and turned around, revealing to Millie her bulge. Millie leant in and sniffed. A sharp tang of faeces stung her nostrils, and she gasped, sipping her whisky as her heart rate increased.

"My...." She said, the heat rising in her cheeks. "It's so... strong..." She exclaimed with ever wider eyes, and ever wetter vulva.

"Jasmine, what did you eat?" She said, gently rubbing her thighs. Jasmine shrugged.

"A curry, some fajitas."

Millie raised an eyebrow at her, rubbing her thighs together like she was desperate to pee with arousing coquettishness.

"Oh my... Well then, would you please..." Millie stopped, rubbing her legs together, "be so kind as to let me... Try some?" She took an even larger sip of her whisky, her heart racing.

"I would Millie." Jasmine replied, moving her hips and showing off her mess. Millie sucked her lips in at this.

"Once you get in position."

Millie bowed to this, and knelt down, taking off her top and bra as she went. Her breathing rate had increased tenfold in anticipation. She unzipped her skirt and slipped it off, revealing her labia. She lay in front of Jasmine, submissive. Her grey labia were wet and glistening, and a thick scent wafted up from them, catching in Jasmine and Rosie's nostrils. Jasmine stood over her, softly pinging her knickers over her vulva and perineum. She looked back and delivered another whip to Rosie, who moaned in sensuous pain. Jasmine slowly turned around and pushed her knickers around, spreading the poo over her bum cheeks.

She bent over Millie's face, slipping the knickers off. Millie closed her eyes, as the poo cascaded out of Jasmine's pants onto her face. She felt it's overwhelming warmth, and the smell hit her with such force that she felt light-headed. She gasped, closing her lips quickly so that none of it fell into her mouth. She threw her hands to her face to move it around, but Jasmine took over, massaging the thick excrement around her face with both of her hands. Millie's hand flew to her clitoris as Jasmine did this, finally pleasing its longing to be touched that had gradually been building over the past few minutes.

The nerve endings sparkled with pleasure, and her head flew back in pleasure. Jasmine ran her hands across Millie's face, smothering the faeces over it. It was a medium brown, and somewhat thick in places, such that Jasmine had to push in order to spread it. The thick, sharp scent filled the air, catching in Millie's nostrils and heightening her arousal, as well as mixing with the tart scent of her vagina. Rosie watched on, grimacing at the smell of faeces that filled the room, but still feeling aroused.

Jasmine stopped massaging the faeces onto Millie's face now, wiping her hands clean with a baby wipe, and knelt down in front of her, moving in to her private area. Resting her hands on her knees, she stuck her tongue out and licked up the labia, rubbing the clitoris as she reached the top. Millie's breathing rate was increasing, as the stimulation being applied to her clitoris mounted up. Her eyes closed in sheer pleasure, sheer bliss, and as they opened the bright blue pupils rolled back in her head.

She rubbed the faeces across her face, now making trails that ended in flicks of her fingers. A blob of poop on the finger tips of both hands, she proceeded to draw trails down her neck with the excrement. Her clitoris was now burning with pleasure, and her breathing rate increased as she neared the edge. Her legs swung open and closed with involuntary muscle movements. Her breathing rate increased, and she started to moan, a deep-seated, primal, feminine moan. She felt the desperate feeling build up, until it climaxed in a burning explosion of pleasure that lit up her clitoris and labia.

"Uh! Uh-uh-uuhuhuuuuuuh!" She moaned, her hands flying from her face to grip the floor tightly. In the burst of pleasure, she involuntarily lost control of her sphincter, and a trickle of urine ran out of her pee hole and down Jasmine's throat. Jasmine finished licking her genitals, and moved back, the sour urine burning her throat.

"Oh god, I'm so sorry Jasmine, I'm so sorry!" Millie rushed, her cheeks crimson with embarrassment. "I lost control, in the-"

"That's alright Millie." Jasmine cut her off, swallowing to remove the remainder of the urine.

"I don't blame you, it was an accident. I get that."

Jasmine kissed her pussy gently.

Millie smiled, her bright blue eyes beaming from the middle of a sea of brown. Her grey labia were wet, and there was a small wet patch on the carpet beneath them. Jasmine smiled back, before turning back to Rosie.

She grabbed the whip and smacked it across Rosie's body, grazing her breasts and her belly. Rosie howled in pain, tears running down her plump cheeks. She whimpered as Jasmine sucked and nibbled on her clitoris, causing her heart rate, like Millie's, to increase. Her core tensed, and her pink labia quivered as her body shook, a thick musty scent emanating from them. Jasmine licked them as she cracked the whip, grazing Rosie's thigh, her tongue lighting up with a thick, musty, yet sharp taste which tasting increased her own pleasure.

Rosie’s heart rate increased more and more, and she swung her legs closer together. With a deep "ooowe!!!" of pleasure, she came hard. Her labia flushed with blood, and her struggles against the hand cuffs weakened, as her wrist became weak and she slumped against the table. She looked up at Jasmine, smiling gently, tired now. Jasmine looked at both of the girls, her face breaking into a satisfied smile, and topped up both of their whiskies and handed them to them.

~~~

