(Commission) Behind the Scenes

Author: Calm Cascade

*000*2025-03-24 23:52

Mark pressed the switch once again – then, after a moment, released it. They watched the stream of cola grow thick at first – then, as the red lever was released, dwindle into almost nothing. Almost. The liquid was still trickling from the dispenser, noisily hitting the plastic bed underneath the grate. “If the seal were the issue, it would be dripping at worst. I’d wager it’s the valve not closing all the way.”

“Probably,” Brian nodded.

“I’m not very familiar with, ahem, the internals of soda fountains,” Cheyenne said, her legs crossed tightly as she leaned against the counter, “but Emily said it didn’t leak before.”

“Hmm,” Mark grunted noncommittally, still fiddling with the lever.

“Anyway,” the woman said, “she’s said that was the last of it,” Cheyenne gestured toward the beer cases standing on the counter, her foot tapping on the floor rhythmically, “so I could use some help moving them to the table. If any of you guys could find a moment, of course?”

“Sure, no problem,” Brian offered, his eyes flicking toward Camila. “Would be my pleasure.”

“Thanks!” Cheyenne smiled. “Though…” she coughed, “if you wouldn’t mind, I’d like to dash to the bathroom first. I’m not built like a camel,” she glanced at the Latina, “and I’ve been delaying running up and down the stairs a bit too long… and that trickling sound is only making it worse. Just wait for me, would you?”

Brian nodded, and then she was off, hurriedly walking toward the door. Camila bit her lip while looking at the older woman’s back, her expression amused – then, noticing Brian gazing at her, she shrugged minutely.

“It might be physically damaged, which I couldn’t really do anything about,” Mark said. “But perhaps it’s just the lever that isn’t closing the valve all the way, hmm?”

Brian shrugged.

They hadn’t any way to fix that, anyway… and besides, management probably wouldn’t appreciate them tampering with the hardware. But Mark liked to tinker – that was his job, kinda – and the broken cola dispenser had apparently grabbed his attention, so Brian played his part.

‘Played his part’, heh. Had they been staying in the same hotel the cast was staying at, the management probably wouldn’t make an issue of them toying with the soda fountain. But that hotel had two more stars than this one, so the soda fountain in their lounge was probably working just fine, Brian thought.

He could ask, erm, her, but… Oh, well.

“Maybe it’s just covered in syrup residue,” Mark mused, “so literally taking it out and cleaning it might well be all that’s necessary to fix it.”

“Lipton works just fine, though,” Camila observed, reaching out and grabbing one of the plastic cups, then placing it on the metal grate. She pressed the lever – the yellow one, for iced tea – and filled the cup to the brim, then brought it to her lips, sipping happily on the contents.

With the way they were standing, Camila had to bend forward to reach the dispenser, her ponytail nearly brushing against Brian’s face. The scent of her shampoo hit his nose hard, making the man’s heart beat faster, pumping blood to his cheeks.

“Maybe it’s the lever that’s broken,” he offered. “People drink more cola than iced tea, so it might be more worn out.”

Mark didn’t respond, glaring mutely at the soda fountain. The woman looked at Brian, though, and smiled, still sipping on her drink – then she moved the cup away from her lips, bringing it an inch away from his mouth.

“Cola’s too sweet, don’t you think? Lipton’s more refreshing,” the brunette said playfully.

Brian swallowed, then took a sip from her cup. It wasn’t bad, he had to admit that… though he kind of didn’t really care about the taste. When she took the cup away, Camila simpered slightly, amused, causing Brian’s gaze to involuntarily move lower, to her chest, watching it shake minutely while the Latina laughed. The woman’s yellow tube top was, well, tight, and it was quite cold right now, Moroccan night apparently intent on making up for the scorching sun of the daytime, so…

But then he quickly looked back to her face. While she probably would enjoy him looking, getting caught staring might or might not be too much.

They didn’t know each other all that well. Brian worked as a camera operator, while Camila was a gaffer – she worked with lighting – so they didn’t spend much time together, any opportunities for a longer conversation being scarce. Besides, the past week had been quite hectic, with them filming several scenes deep in the desert. Even finding a moment to snack on something was a challenge – finding time to get chummy with new coworkers was even more difficult.

Still, they did click together in the end: with each passing day they chatted more and more, flirted with each other even. She was fun to talk to… and appeared to return Brian’s interest in kind. Now, with the filming done and with just two days separating them from their flight to Croatia, their next location, Brian was intent on trying to make the best impression he could.

As well as on, erm, not accidentally screwing up.

Abruptly realizing his mind had wandered, Brian focused back on the conversation.

“…the window in my room is letting in a draft, and the bed’s squeaky,” Camila was saying. “And apparently half the toilets here have automatic flushing that’s kinda broken: they flush at random moments. Did you know that people have been actually going downstairs to use the lobby bathrooms?”

“Yeah, like the toilet in my room,” Mark nodded. “Getting a sudden splash of cold water while sitting on the throne is fucking scary,” he added, making Camila giggle.

“True,” she admitted. “Well, I’m used to spending the whole day in the field, so I rarely have to, well, go. Benefits of having an iron bladder,” the woman joked, “not having to run up and down the stairs every hour.”

“Not fond of porta-potties?” Mark teased.

“Who is? And who’s even got the time to use them on set?”

Mark laughed out loud at that.

Working on a movie set left little time for comfort breaks of any kind, bathroom breaks included. The cast had more opportunities to relieve themselves: they had some spare time between takes, after all. But the technical personnel – camera operators, prop masters, makeup artists, gaffers… well, there was always more work to be done. Oh, certainly, in the case of an emergency there was always a place to relieve oneself: a proper bathroom, or a porta-potty, or even just a patch of bushes. But running to the bathroom would cause a hold-up, however minor, in whatever task you would be doing – and, since most work on the set was teamwork, that delay would affect others as well.

So, people kinda trained themselves to hold it as long as possible. There was an element of pride in that: a kind of vanity stemming from being able to keep working without a break for the longest time, casually complaining that you haven’t been to the bathroom for oh-too-many hours, fidgeting and squirming, yet still making no move to run for the bathroom, instead just diddling with the equipment or moving things from one place to another. Some were more inclined to play that role than others… and some were simply more adept at playing it, since the actual, physical size of your bladder kind of mattered a lot.

Camila did appear to have an unusually large bladder, and seemed to be well aware of that. She excused herself to the bathroom far less often than most, and never needed to abruptly interrupt whatever she had been doing to go and pee.

It was just that… well, she reminded him in that aspect of, erm, another woman. It took Brian a bit of effort to not turn his head and look around for her, truth be told, though he managed.

“The cast supposedly got free champagne, have you heard? We have to pool money for the wrapping-up party, they get free top-of-the-range wine,” Mark was saying when Brian focused on the conversation once more.

The brunette opened her mouth to respond… then quickly turned her head around, startled by a loud yelp coming from the middle of the room. Mark and Brian turned their heads as well, even though the latter knew just from whose mouth that sound escaped.

He could recognize her voice, after all.

Apparently one didn’t even have to speak of the devil, just thinking about – her – was enough.

Patricia was standing by the table in the middle of the room, bent forward and rubbing her knee, apparently having hit it against the low table’s edge. The association with the devil was apt, considering the way she had dressed herself, Brian thought. Compared to the rest of the crew – ah, compared to the crew – she had chosen a much more resplendent wardrobe. Red jacket, black shirt and skirt, dark red pantyhose: the iconic colors of her character.

That had to be intentional, he thought.

After she finished massaging her leg, Patricia straightened and walked over to them, her high heels clicking on the wooden floor. She stared at the leaking soda fountain for a second, then grabbed a cup and put it under the cola dispenser, pressing the red lever. When the cup was filled, she swiftly moved it out of the way, managing not to spill anything, despite the constant trickle flowing from the machine.

“This place is kinda dilapidated, ain’t it?” Mark said, glancing warily between Brian and Patricia. “Probably you’ve got an actually working soda fountain at your own hotel, eh?”

Sipping on her cola, Patricia shrugged.

“We do,” she said, setting the cup down on the counter, “though I don’t think it gets all that much use. The studio has gotten us some pricey champagne and vodka, so – well, most people prefer alcohol. Same as here, I think.” The blonde did bring a bottle of that champagne with her, sharing it with the crew… and also using the occasion to toast herself, boasting unashamedly of her fledgling acting career.

Well, no longer a fledgling, perhaps: it was her second movie, after all… though the first one during the making of which she had a chance to work with her old crew again.

“I see that you’re still playing the role?” Brian said, causing Patricia’s eyebrows to rise in her forehead. He gestured to her clothes. “Red and black, I mean.”

The blonde giggled.

“Well, I do have to feel a bit like a queen,” she said sweetly, taking another sip from her cup, “even outside the set, no? Method acting and all that.” Mark laughed at that.

“Well, the colors suit you well,” Camila said, setting her empty cup on the counter. “And I absolutely love that jacket.” The Latina was leaning slightly against him, Brian realized abruptly, her arm pressing against his side.

Patricia looked Camila up and down, her expression tightening a bit.

“Thank you,” she said, her tone almost as sweet as before. “I like to pay attention to what I wear – this comes with being an actress, I think. Putting on the first thing I see lying around the room just isn’t, well, me.” Her eyes slid over the taller woman’s yellow tube top and her jean shorts.

Camila’s face reddened, though she didn’t say anything. Brian felt his own jaw clench.

After a beat, the Latina filled her cup with another portion of iced tea, picking up one of the plastic straws and using it to sip her drink.

“Kinda might want to slow down with the drinking, ladies,” Mark joked, awkwardly breaking the silence. “The bathrooms have some issues with flushing, including the ones in the lounge,” he added for Patricia’s benefit, gesturing toward the door at the other end of the hall, “people have actually been going downstairs to – you know. And the elevator doesn’t work.”

The blonde let out a rather unqueenly snort, her golden locks swaying.

“I don’t think that’s going to be an issue,” Patricia said. “I still remember the days when I had to hold it from morning to evening, you know, when I was the DOP.”

“Days long gone, no?” Brian said suddenly. Patricia blinked, looking at him askance. “Well, I’ve seen you squirming and running for the porta-potty after they’ve taken off your armor, after the speech scene. You could barely stand still while we were filming… and it wasn’t even afternoon.”

Now it was the blonde’s face that became flushed, even as her expression grew colder.

“I wasn’t squirming, thank you,” she said, fixing her red jacket. “I can still hold it just fine, I don’t expect to be running down the stairs anytime soon.” She wrinkled her nose, taking another sip of her cola.

“Neither do I,” Camila interjected, her tone casual, making the actress glance at her. The Latina shrugged. “I’m a gaffer, I too am used to holding it the whole day.”

“Patricia might talk a big game, but she’s not as tough as she makes herself sound,” Brian commented, ignoring the pointed look Mark was giving him. “She was a Director of Photography with us, once upon a time,” he explained to Camila, “and working together meant getting used to her taking comfort breaks at the most inopportune moments.” That wasn’t true – Patricia’s weren’t just empty boasts – but the angry expression on the blonde’s face made the lie worth it. So did Camila’s slightly amused expression, for that matter.

“It didn’t,” the blonde stated forcefully, “and you know it. And, in case you’re curious, I don’t think I’m going to use the bathrooms in this hotel at all, I’m going to wait until I get to my own place.” She was looking at Camila while saying that, not at Brian, making the black-haired woman raise her eyebrows slightly. “And I don’t plan to leave all the early, either.”

As if to make a point, the blonde put her cup under the cola dispenser and pressed the red lever once again. There was a click as she did that, and while the machine poured cola just fine, nothing happened when Patricia released the lever: the liquid was still flowing, the stream as strong as it had been when the lever had been pressed down. The woman hastily moved the overflowing cup away, spilling a bit of its contents, while Mark scrambled for the switch on the back of the fountain, turning the machine off.

“I guess you were right,” he commented off-handedly, nodding toward Brian, “the valve apparently just gave up.”

But Brian’s attention was on Camila: she picked up one of the small water bottles standing on the counter and was now drinking from it, looking Patricia in the eye.

***

The things have spiraled a bit out of control, Brian mused, and not necessarily in a good way.

Oh, Camila remained as flirty as before, perhaps even more so. She kept touching him every now and then, grabbing his arm and leaning against him, and Brian responded in kind, draping his arm around her waist a few times, even holding her hand. The issue wasn’t the way she acted toward him, it was…

…it was the fact that now he had to kinda compete for her attention.

With Patricia, of all people.

Ever since their conversation at the soda fountain, an hour ago, both women appeared inclined to outdo one another as far as drinking was concerned. Brian’s angry comment about Patricia’s supposedly ‘weak’ bladder had apparently made the woman determined to prove him a liar… and Camila had clearly decided to match her as far as consuming drinks was concerned. They had – seemingly – entered some sort of an unspoken competition: Patricia kept drinking as if she were dying out of thirst, a glass of this or that every fifteen minutes or so, loudly declaring that she wasn’t going to use the hotel’s bathrooms… and Camila silently matched her cup for cup.

Ever since then, Brian could see the Latina’s eyes following Patricia around, watching the actress like a hawk. The blonde responded in kind: Brian noticed her staring at the girl more than once, a scowl on her features.

…like, well, now: Patricia was sitting on the couch, her legs crossed, holding a slice of pizza in her hand and chatting with Cheyenne, yet her eyes kept returning to Camila, who was now helping Mark assemble the soda fountain back. (The madman had actually taken to trying to fix it, bringing a toolbox from his room.) On the table in front of Patricia stood a bottle of mineral water, identical to the one standing on the counter next to Camila; both of them were half-empty. Camila kept glancing at the blonde every now and then too, taking a sip whenever the other woman drank from her bottle.

“I need to say,” Emily said, snapping Brian out of his thoughts, “that I haven’t got the slightest what’s going on.”

“What?”

“With your girlfriend, I mean,” the woman said, gesturing toward the soda fountain. “And with your, you know, ex-girlfriend.”

Brian cleared his throat. “Camila’s not my girlfriend,” he said. “And-”, the man hesitated, “-and I think they’re kinda having a competition. Which might, or might not be, my fault.”

Emily’s eyebrows rose in her forehead.

“Fighting over your heart?” she said, looking as if she were trying to stifle a laugh.

“I might’ve suggested that Patricia has a – ahem – weak bladder,” Brian admitted, “and she took that as a challenge. Or… well – she said that she’s not going to use the bathroom before getting back to her own hotel, and Camila took that as a challenge.”

“Oh. Oh!” Emily looked at Patricia first, then at the Latina, staring at each woman for a moment. Her expression became pinched, Brian noticed, before she schooled her features. “You think Camila stands a chance?”

Brian shrugged.

Camila did appear to have a huge bladder, as far as he could tell, even if she didn’t seem to share Patricia’s tendency to obsess over it. The blonde, back when they worked together, was often able to hold her pee the whole day, at least as long as her liquid intake was within reasonable limits – and never shunned an occasion to boast of that ability. But then Camila didn’t visit the bathroom often either… and never appeared to be in any actual hurry when she actually did go. Try as he may, Brian couldn’t remember ever seeing her actually fidgeting or squirming on the set, even when she had been too busy to visit the toilet for literal hours. Patricia, on the other hand…

“Maybe,” he said. “She doesn’t have Patricia’s, erm, attitude, but – well, as far as I can tell, she does have an iron bladder.” He paused. “Patricia’s trying to humiliate her by having her run for the bathroom, so… I wish Camila the best.”

“So do I,” Emily said, still looking at Patricia. “Pat didn’t even chip in for the pizza… then started eating it, just like that. She could use a bit of humbling, don’t you think?” The last part was added in a conspirational whisper.

Brian winced slightly – Patricia hated it when people tried to shorten her name. Taking another sip, he glanced at Emily: the expression on the woman’s face was positively icy.

Patricia didn’t just like to boast of her bladder – she enjoyed mocking people having capacity any less impressive than her. Most people just shrugged off the woman’s comments…

…but when a new person joined the crew, and then the Director of Photography herself were to ridicule them for wanting to take a bathroom break, she would maybe take it seriously, trying to match the blonde’s expectations, even if she needed to go very badly. Perhaps even when she was going out of her mind with desperation, she would still do her best to keep holding it, fighting a losing battle in an attempt to avoid Patricia’s scorn. Brian could recall how, during her early days, Emily could sometimes be seen trying to work the camera with one hand wedged between her thighs and with actual wet streaks visible on her legs. And Patricia would still mock her for making a show of herself! The girl had never actually fully pissed herself, thankfully, and had ultimately learned to just ignore the blonde and her taunting… but she hadn’t ever forgotten those first days, Brian thought.

When the now-actress joined their party, the camera operator didn’t look very happy about the reunion.

“If Camila’s, you know, strong enough, we just might see our high queen squirming tonight,” Emily said, her tone contemplative. “Maybe even more. Considering just how much they’re both drinking, how fast they’re drinking, it probably won’t even take all that long.” She bit her lip. “If.”

Brian nodded, looking between Patricia and Camila. The brunette was focused on helping Mark with the soda fountain – they were almost done putting it back together – and didn’t look fidgety in the slightest, as far as Brian could tell. The blonde was sitting on the couch and eating the pizza that she hadn’t paid for, apparently perfectly comfortable as well… and while her legs were crossed, in and of itself that didn’t mean anything.

“Come on,” the mohawked girl said, suddenly getting up from her chair. “Let’s see how our starlet’s doing.”

Surprised, Brian took a moment to rise from his seat and follow her. Patricia was still chatting with Cheyenne when they reached the couch, now wiping her fingers with a wet napkin.

“…and then I was finally offered the role,” Patricia was saying. “It was all a bit harrowing, the whole process… but also incredibly satisfying. I deserved it, yes, but to be actually chosen still felt a bit unreal.”

“Kinda heard that you’re not planning to sit on the throne,” Emily interrupted them without preamble, causing both Patricia and Cheyenne to look at her in surprise. “Any truth to that?”

Patricia kept quiet for a moment, looking at Emily, then at Brian, then at Emily again, a confused expression on her face. From up close she didn’t give out any signs of needing to pee either, Brian observed: the blonde seemed perfectly calm, with no trace of tension in her posture. With the way the woman was sitting, he couldn’t tell whether there was any, erm, swelling in her abdomen… though considering just how much she had drank during the party, there probably was.

“Aelen does get crowned in the end, though?” the actress said. “As a matter of fact, we’re going to be filming the coronation scene in a few days. Or haven’t you read the script?”

Emily scowled momentarily, then smiled again.

“I mean the, you know, holding contest,” she said. “Or whatever it is, anyway. I heard that you swore off toilets for the party.”

The blonde laughed, then reached for the water bottle on the table, taking another sip from it.

“It’s hardly a contest,” she said. “I just don’t plan on using the bathroom before getting back, that’s all.”

Emily cocked her head, a teasing smile on her face.

“Oh? I thought something like an official holding contest was going on. Camila supposedly likes to boast that she can out-hold anyone, Brian told me.” Brian glanced at Emily, furrowing his brows. “I thought you were going to put her in her place, you know.”

Patricia frowned slightly, opening her mouth to respond – but Emily was faster.

“I even thought to ask around and make a prize for the winner… well, for – we all know who’s gonna win – for you,” she continued, gaining Patricia’s undivided attention. “Nothing much, we kinda don’t have time and money for that, but – you know, there’s a lot of artists here – maybe a crown for a queen? Just painted paper and some glitter, but… Well, you two competing for it would be fun, wouldn’t it?”

The blonde appeared to relish the idea, judging from her expression, Brian thought.

“I’d like that,” Patricia said. “A crown that’s actually my own, not just the studio’s,” she added, laughing.

Then Emily moved closer to the actress, leaning in and whispering something into Patricia’s ear. Brian couldn’t hear what she said, but it certainly evoked a reaction from the blonde: Patricia turned her eyes to him and her expression grew colder.

“Well, you can count on me,” Patricia said when the mohawked girl stopped speaking. She was still looking at him venomously, to Brian’s bafflement – they weren’t friends, not anymore, but… He glanced at Emily, only to receive a shrug in return. It looked apologetic, yet her face was – triumphant?

Just as Brian was about to ask Patricia what that look was all about, a voice came from behind him.

“It works,” Mark announced. “Well, mostly.”

The man stepped up to the table, looking happy. To his side was Camila, carrying two plastic cups in her hands: she set one on the table in front of Patricia – pausing momentarily, apparently bewildered by the almost belligerent expression on the blonde’s face – then she straightened, taking a sip from her own cup.

“Brought you a cola,” Camila said, wiping her lips with her hand, looking at Patricia. “You kinda seem to like it, so – cheers!” She took another long sip.

“Thanks,” Patricia said, reaching out for the cup. She didn’t just take a sip, Brian observed: the woman kept gulping down the cola, not moving the cup away from her lips, only setting it back on the table when it was empty. The Latina stared at her, her eyes wide, then quickly chugged down her own drink, setting the empty cup forcefully on the table afterward.

“There was a plastic connector broken between the lever and the valve,” Mark began. “I used a soldering iron to put it back together – it doesn’t come in contact with cola – and now it works fine, just don’t press on the lever too hard. What’s interesting is that…”

Camila moved closer toward Brian, leaning slightly against him. He took the hint, wrapping his arm around her waist.

“I heard that you were having – sorry, Mark – you were having something like a pee-holding contest going on, you and Patricia” Emily interrupted, looking at Camila. “Maybe it’s time to make it, well, a bit more official? You know, we could make it a party game, something like that. I thought about making a paper crown for a winner, to have a prize.”

“I’m in,” Patricia said quickly.

The brunette stayed quiet for a few seconds, apparently surprised – then shrugged, nodding.

“Sure,” she said, sounding bemused. “Sounds like fun.”

Emily’s face brightened, a smile blooming on her face.

“Brilliant! I’m going to tell everyone – and take care of any wagers, I’m sure some people will wanna bet, gonna be the pot keeper – and also look for some art supplies, for the crown.” Then the mohawked girl rose from her seat, quickly moving away from the table. She stopped abruptly a few feet away from them, turning on her heel. “Drink those two cups, but don’t drink anything else until I get back, okay? I’m going to be the judge, I’m going to – erm – set you a drinking schedule, something like that? Gonna be back in a minute, just need to bring some things from my room.”

She marched away, the quartet left behind staring after her – then Camila laughed out loud.

“It’s cute how excited she’s gotten,” the Latina said, making Brian snort.

“So,” Mark said, “about the soda machine. The way they’ve connected levers to valves is actually remarkably stupid, you know. The plastic connector looks hardy at first glance, but it’s… well, it’s just an illusion of strength. Push too hard and it simply gives up, the valve starts leaking, then finally bursts open. It looks like that…”

He twisted his fingers oddly, trying to demonstrate the shape of the connector.

***

“…and my mum insisted on speaking English with me, so –”, Camila paused, gulping down the last of her iced tea, “– so my Spanish is a bit rusty.” She set the empty cup on the counter. “Truth be told, more rusty than I would ever admit to my grandparents.” The Latina snickered, crossing her legs a bit tighter, and Brian chuckled. His gaze moved lower almost automatically: Camila didn’t wear a bra, which – combined with her tight tube top – made for a pleasant view when her chest shook with laughter.

The outline of her nipples was clearly visible, more so than before, Brian noticed. Was that because of their flirting? Though the cold was a more likely reason: the clock struck midnight some time ago, and the windows in the lounge were still open. The days here were beyond hot, but the nights were fucking cold.

“I didn’t know that people in Morocco spoke Spanish,” he admitted.

“Not many do, actually,” Camila shrugged. “Mostly the elderly, I think. But a few shopkeepers I’ve met were almost fluent… and they didn’t speak any English, so my rusty Spanish has proven useful for something, at last.” She glanced at the soda fountain, then put the empty cup under the dispenser again, pressing the yellow lever and filling it to the brim with iced tea. Her foot started tapping rhythmically on the floor as she did so, Brian observed.

“Emily’s making you drink some unholy amounts, isn’t she?” he commented as the woman took the first sip.

“Oh God, yes”, Camila affirmed, moving the cup away from her mouth. “I think I drank more in the past – what, two hours? – than I usually drink in a whole day, literally. I get why she’s doing that, but… well, she kinda has to go about it that way if she wants to actually have a winner and a loser tonight, assuming that what Cheyenne says about Patricia is true. Still, it’s freaking weird that I actually need to pee just a few hours into a party, you know?” She looked down, then brought the rim back to her lips, swallowing the rest of her iced tea in a few large gulps.

Brian opened his mouth – then hesitated for a moment, looking the Latina up and down.

Her legs stayed tightly crossed as she leaned against the counter, even though she had stopped tapping her foot on the floor. They looked really nice that way, Brian thought: with Camila’s jean shorts being as, ah, short as they were, her long legs were not just on display, but kinda in the spotlight. Camila didn’t have Patricia’s curvy figure, but she was attractive in another way: the brunette was slim and athletic, with her breasts – now emphasized by the woman’s yellow tube top – being perhaps a handful. Though, speaking of her body…

…there was an actual bulge in her abdomen, the man noticed, a sizable one. Camila’s clothes were tight enough to make it noticeable, even if the waistband of her shorts was containing the swell, pressing hard against it. That was probably rather uncomfortable, he thought, judging from how strained the button looked – though even just having a bladder full enough to positively protrude from her tummy had to be uncomfortable in and of itself. Brian had seen Patricia in a similar state before, more than once… though the size of the swelling kinda astounded him.

Realizing that he had been staring, Brian raised his eyes back to her face… only to see Camila staring right back at him, a playful smile on her face.

“See something you like?” she asked, sounding amused.

“I kinda do, yes,” he said, making Camila giggle. She bent forward slightly when she laughed, he noticed, and moved her left hand to her thigh. “But I was gonna say that I’ve never seen you, well, you know, actually fidgeting before.” He nodded toward her.

“Perhaps you’ve set your expectations too high,” a sweet voice came, making Brian turn his head. “Not everyone can act like an adult the whole time.”

Patricia passed him by, stopping by the soda fountain. She placed a cup under the cola dispenser, then – carefully – pressed the red lever, filling it to the brim, almost making it overflow. She glanced at Brian, then cautiously raised the cup to her lips, taking a sip. The man watched her as the blonde kept drinking, swallowing her cola almost as fast as Camila had been drinking her iced tea moments ago.

Her attire genuinely did look out-of-place here, Brian thought, idly noting the cola dispenser letting out a tiny leak for a second or two. (Apparently Mark hadn’t fixed it as well as he thought he did.) Compared to Camila, in her tube top and jean shorts, or to Cheyenne, wearing a T-shirt and a pair of leggings, or to Mark, in his shirt and cargo shorts, Patricia did stand out like a sore thumb. Her outfit would be more at home at a gala than at a party: it would be a bit risque, perhaps, with how short her black miniskirt was – but still, it would blend in. The woman’s red jacket and dark red pantyhose contrasted with the black shirt and black skirt: the color scheme brought to mind Aelen’s iconic gown.

At first glance, Patricia looked almost serene, standing with her legs apart and not fidgeting in the slightest while pouring herself a drink. Brian was able to look beyond that image, though. She was tense underneath her mask… and that particular kind of tension was something he had grown to be familiar with over their shared history. ‘Oh, I don’t need to pee’ – but don’t look at how stiff my posture is – ‘oh, I can hold it just fine’ – but pretend that I’m not as tense as a bowstring – ‘oh, I’m an adult, don’t worry about me’ – but ignore how fake the expression on my face looks, as if I were playing a role.

“Has Cheyenne found the sequins?” Camila asked when Patricia put her empty cup on the table. She had filled and emptied it twice, drinking the exact same amount as the Latina, Brian observed.

The actress’ face brightened, her expression turning almost pleasant.

“She has,” Patricia said sweetly. “I think she’s already finished my crown, actually, or maybe is putting some final touches.” Camila raised her eyebrows but didn’t interrupt. “It actually doesn’t look all that impressive,” the blonde admitted, “but still, I appreciate the effort. Want to see it?” She was looking at Brian, not at the other woman.

The man shrugged, exchanging a glance with Camila, then nodded.

“Come on, then,” Patricia said, turning on the spot and reaching out with her hand… then she froze. A second later, the woman withdrew her hand and was on the move again, not sparing Brian a glance. The blonde led them toward the table, Brian and Camila following in her steps, the Latina grabbing Brian’s hand and holding it as they walked.

Emily and Cheyenne were sitting on the couch, with the older woman holding the paper crown in her hands, apparently showing it off. It did look quite nice, Brian thought, as far as he was concerned: made of colored paper, dark gold, decorated with glitter and sequins, red and yellow alternating around the whole rim. It was a good effort… and Emily seemed to agree, judging from her expression.

Patricia came to a halt by the table, looking at the crown intently, cocking her head… and also crossing her legs tightly, Brian noticed. Camila did so as well, using the chance to lean against Brian a bit, still holding hands with him.

Emily looked at them, clearly pleased to see the two women.

“Two cups each?” Camila and Patricia both nodded, bringing a smile to the mohawked girl’s face.

“You’re kinda turning them into water balloons,” Cheyenne said lightheartedly, slurring slightly, putting the crown back on the table.

“Nah. Patricia said she drank two bottles of water and seven cups of cola before the contest, while Camila had one cup more than that – though she was drinking iced tea. So, that’s 72oz for Camila and, say, 66oz for Patricia.” Emily nodded toward the blonde. “I asked Camila to drink another seven cups and Patricia to drink eight, to make things even. A bit over three liters in, what, something like two hours? We’re just getting started, girl.” Emily looked pointedly at the beer case standing on the table while Cheyenne huffed.

“I like iced tea, but a change would be welcome,” Camila tittered, looking at the beer. “At this point, I’m more tea than human, I think,” she added, making Emily chuckle.

“Your wish is my command,” the girl said mockingly, reaching out for one of the cans and throwing it to the Latina, who caught the beer deftly. Emily then put another can on the table in front of Patricia, who frowned slightly. “I kinda wanted to wait with alcohol a bit… but to hell with that – it’s already midnight. You’re like the only people in the room still sober. Well, outside of me and Mark, maybe.”

Camila opened her can with a hiss and took a sip from it, Patricia following suit a moment later. Brian didn’t recognize the brand, but, judging from the way Camila grimaced, it apparently didn’t taste particularly good. Patricia was grimacing too, though that wasn’t surprising: the woman didn’t like beer in general.

“Want one?” Emily said.

Brian was riding the sober train before, not wanting to get drunk in front of Camila… and especially not while she wasn’t drunk. But now that the woman was drinking he could afford to have a beer too, couldn’t he?

“Sure,” he said, grabbing the can Emily passed him and opening it, taking a sip: it was ungodly bitter. He took a few more sips, then, swallowing with difficulty, put the beer back on the table.

A moment later, Patricia suddenly moved the can away from her lips and belched loudly, startling Brian.

“Cola first, then beer,” she muttered, her face flushed red, sounding abashed. “A bit too much gas for my stomach.”

Camila laughed a bit, almost choking on her own beer, while Cheyenne guffawed and Emily snickered. Patricia uncrossed her legs, Brian observed, then crossed them again, the other way… and her hips were swaying rhythmically, left and right, left and right. The sight was… unexpectedly fascinating, he discovered. Both because seeing her curvy figure move like that was, well, pleasing, and because he knew that she was trying not to fidget. The fact that the blonde was failing, starting to squirm in front of them… Brian glanced at Camila, who was once again pressing her palm to her thigh as she laughed, yet wasn’t fidgeting nearly as much – then he smiled.

“God,” Cheyenne said. Her face was red, and there were tears in her eyes. “You almost made me pee, you know.” She bit her lip – then rose from the couch, using her hand to support herself. “Since I’m not a bloody water tank, like you guys,” Cheyenne looked pointedly at Camila and Patricia, “I kinda need to go downstairs again. Sorry, Em.” Emily rose from her own seat to let the other woman out, snickering again when Patricia burped once more.

“I think Mark is actually going to be done with the auto-flush soon,” the mohawked girl called while Cheyenne was walking away, “you won’t have to walk the stairs up and down the next time.” She paused, then added a ‘maybe’ under her breath. Emily then glanced at Camila and Patricia, who were still standing with their legs crossed, Patricia’s hips still swaying. “No relief for the two of you, though,” she said, looking Patricia in the eye, “unless you guys, you know, can’t hold it.”

“I’m doing just fine,” the brunette said, grinning, despite her palm still pressed hard to her thigh.

“So am I,” Patricia said, straightening a bit. “Mark is trying to fix the toilets?” She gestured with her head to the bathroom door.

“Yeah. He’s said that fixing the auto-flushing system is just a matter of taking some sensor out and cleaning it, so…” Emily shrugged. “I almost stumbled over his toolbox when I went over to see what he’s doing.”

“He could probably use some help,” Patricia observed. Then, glancing at Brian, she noticed him staring – the swaying of her hips stopped abruptly. “Maybe I’ll go and check on him?” the blonde turned slightly to the side, as if making to leave.

Emily’s eyebrows rose in her forehead.

“Eager to visit the bathroom?” she asked, her tone mocking.

The actress shrugged elegantly.

“I’m not going to use it, if that’s what you’re thinking,” she said, “Mark would notice if I did. And everyone here is, well, more drunk than I am. Mark’s sober.”

“So is Brian,” Emily pointed out, “and me, and Camila. But sure, just don’t forget your beer. I’m planning to have you both open the next one in – I don’t know – twenty minutes, maybe? So be back by then.”

Patricia nodded, then hurriedly walked away from the table. Brian and Emily exchanged a glance – then, without a word, Camila grabbed Brian’s hand again, squeezing it, making any thought of Patricia vanish from his mind.

***

Camila hesitated for a moment, cocking her head, then moved the lamp a few inches to the left. She was standing with her legs crossed, bobbing slightly up and down, Brian observed, and her face was paler than before.

She seemed immersed in her task, the man thought, sipping his own beer, despite her obvious discomfort. Oh, Camila genuinely liked her job, most of them did, so that shouldn’t come as a surprise… but then the Latina had drank three beers already, enough to make her tipsy. Considering that the woman also needed to pee badly, Camila had every right to be distracted, yet her focus appeared to be absolute. But the brunette was used to working while having to pee, Brian reflected: after all, the fact that she could hold her pee for a long time while on set was the whole reason behind the contest. Setting up the lights while her bladder was swollen and throbbing was probably the norm for her… though usually it likely wasn’t as swollen and throbbing as hard as it was right now, he mused.

“I’m not planning to, well, usurp the crown,” Patricia argued with Cheyenne. “I just want to borrow it. I’ll be playing the queen, I need a crown.”

“The crown’s for the winner. It wouldn’t be fair if you would get to wear it before, ahem, winning.”

“Well, considering that I very much plan on winning, it shouldn’t be a problem,” Patricia said, sounding frustrated. “Besides, I want to just borrow it for the scene.” Brian glanced at the two of them, taking another sip.

Cheyenne pursed her lips, looking Patricia up and down.

“But you haven’t won yet. And, for the last time, no: really, I’m so not giving it to you.”

Patricia was standing in front of Cheyenne with her arms folded across her chest, the expression on her pretty face thoroughly annoyed. Her legs were crossed, very tightly, and her foot was tapping incessantly on the floor: click, click, click. Brian’s gaze moved over her form, up and down, stopping finally at her waist – at the bulge in her midsection that was quite noticeable by now. The blonde’s shirt was loose, failing to emphasize the swelling, yet the man could spot the protrusion all the same: it was sticking out an inch or two from her otherwise flat midsection.

“The lights are ready,” Camila said, capturing Brian’s attention. She gestured with her hand to the table lamp and to the smartphones lying around, their flashlights on, supported by books and beer cans. “Is the rest of the -” she coughed “- of the cast ready?”

“Yes,” Patricia said, giving the paper crown one last glance. “We are just waiting for Emily.”

As if on cue, the mohawked girl passed Brian by, her own smartphone held in her palm.

The whole idea was hers. Camila and Patricia were getting progressively more and more fidgety, both of them slowly losing their composure, so Emily had gotten into her head to create a distraction for them. Patricia was an actress, an actual proper one, so filming a mock scene was an obvious notion. Camila and Patricia would play rival queens – Patricia a reigning one, Camila a pretender – and Brian would play a knight bringing them the Holy Grail, deciding which one of them would end up sitting on the throne. Most everyone in the lounge was noticeably more drunk than their quartet, so – well – socializing wasn’t really that much fun anymore.

There weren’t all that many people left anyway – perhaps a dozen, the man mused, looking around, half the number that was there in the beginning. Most folks started drinking from the onset, while the four of them only opened their first beers slightly more than an hour ago. Since then Brian drank two cans – counting the one he was still sipping from, it was almost empty – while Patricia and Camila drank three cans each. Each can was half a liter exactly, so that made Camila’s and Patricia’s liquid intake since the beginning quite impressive. Some three liters in soft drinks, a liter and a half in beer: four and a half liters in total, perhaps a bit more than that.

That certainly explained the bladder bulges, he thought, glancing at Camila. Brian stared at her swollen belly for a longer moment, fascinated, then at her chest, then back at the protrusion in her abdomen. It was sticking out a bit further than, well, her tits, handful that they were, he realized abruptly. That thought made him laugh, which in turn made Camila look at him quizzically. Brian shrugged helplessly, still chuckling, bringing a smile to her face.

“Quiet on set!” Emily commanded playfully. “You guys ready?”

“Sure!” – “Certainly!” – Camila and Patricia moved next to the chair in the middle of their makeshift set, standing to the left and to the right of it respectively. Patricia’s elegant red jacket was draped across the seat, in order to make the chair look more, erm, throne-y. It looked a bit absurd, truth be told, but it was a nice effort.

Brian himself stepped forward, carrying a heavily decorated plastic cup – Cheyenne’s work – in his palms. Both women simultaneously uncrossed their legs, standing straight and (almost) still in front of the man, looking at the cup intently.

“Roll sound,” Emily said, raising her smartphone, “and roll camera, too. Action!”

Brian moved toward the duo, dropping to his knee in front of the throne, and raising the cup high above his head.

“Your grace!” he called out, loudly. “I have returned!” Someone laughed in the background, causing Emily to snap at them. “I brought the Grail!”

Patricia stepped toward him, reaching out with her hand.

“I greet you, sir. Give me the Grail, so the people know I’m their rightful Queen,” she commanded. Her royal voice was perfect, Brian had to admit that… though the fact that she was visibly shifting her weight from one foot to the other was breaking the immersion a bit.

Then Camila moved toward him, much closer than Patricia had a second ago, and placed her hand on his arm.

“Kind sir,” she intoned. “Have you not sworn a knightly oath? Art thou not a servant of good? Do not, I beg of you, grant the Holy Grail to the Usurper Queen! She is but a tyrant – she does not have the right to rule. Grant the Grail to me, so that I can take the throne for myself, for I shall rule justly!” The Latina’s poise was less wiggly than Patricia’s, Brian thought, though there was tension visible underneath the mask.

“I am but a humble knight,” he moaned theatrically, “how am I to choose? ’Tis not my right to say which one of you has the right to rule!”

“I do, for I am the rightful Queen!” Patricia said. “I’m just, and beautiful, and strong –” she crossed her legs suddenly, though her tone didn’t change “– and righteous. The Pretender has no right to the Grail!”

Camila opened her mouth to respond – but Brian was faster.

“You claim to be strong,” he called, “yet impatience I see in you, and anxiety. You claim to be Queen, yet you cannot reign yourself in?” Brian couldn’t quite stop himself from mocking her, not with the blonde fidgeting like that in front of him. Emily snorted and someone else laughed while Patricia’s expression turned sour. She didn’t uncross her legs, though, still gyrating her hips.

“A great burden each of us carries,” Camila quickly caught onto his train of thoughts, glancing at Patricia, a teasing smile on her face, “to prove our worth, sir. She who cannot bear this burden mustn’t be Queen – for the burden of a crown upon one’s brow is heavier still.” She squeezed his arm.

A great burden indeed, Brian thought, glancing between the bulges in their midsections. Camila’s was oh-so-much-more noticeable, with her tight tube top and just as tight shorts – she had undone the button some time ago – but Patricia’s was likely no smaller: the two women drank the same amount, after all.

“The Pretender lies,” Patricia intoned. “A burden we both carry, yet mine is greater and heavier. It is proof of my strength that I can handle it as well as I do, sir, not of weakness.”

Greater and heavier? Really? Emily was quite confident that both women consumed the same volume during the contest, Brian thought. (He was still holding the cup – ah, the Grail – high above his head. His arms were slowly starting to hurt.)

“Heavier, you claim it to be… yet yours seems to be the lesser one,” he stated, looking Patricia in the eye. The blonde’s expression turned confused, so Brian looked pointedly at her midsection, then at Camila’s midsection, until Patricia finally understood. The actress scowled, taking a step forward and reaching out with her hand, grabbing his wrist gently, pulling on it. Brian let go of the cup, still holding it in his left palm, allowing the woman to guide his right hand to her belly. She placed it against her bladder, allowing him to feel the firmness of it.

Camila reacted quickly.

“Set the Grail on the throne, sir, and be a fair judge,” she commanded, her expression fierce.

He did as he was told, then moved his left hand to the Latina’s belly, placing it slightly above the waistband of her shorts… then, after a moment of hesitation, slipping it a bit lower, underneath the fabric, to get a better feel.

“Our burden is the same, yet I carry it better,” the Latina declared, apparently not minding his actions. “I have the right to rule.”

A devious thought occurred to Brian. He hesitated for a moment, letting his palms rest gently against their bodies, then came to a decision.

Without any warning, he pushed with his palms. Patricia let out a loud yelp, taking a step back and immediately bending forward at her waist, closing her eyes, cradling her bladder in her hands. Camila let out a groan, but she didn’t move back, resisting the pressure – though the brunette did bite on her lip, Brian noticed, and her expression turned into a grimace.

In the short span between him pushing and Patricia moving back, Brian could actually feel just how firm her bladder was: rock-hard, even… and the bulge it was making was evidently bigger than it appeared to his eyes. But that sensation was only momentary, since she had quickly retreated from him: now the actress was slowly straightening again, staring daggers at Brian. Camila, on the other hand, was still withstanding his pressing, and he marveled at just how hard her bladder was… and how resolved she was to actually ignore the additional pressure he was applying to it.

“What in the hell was that?” Patricia hissed, standing straight once more, her legs double-crossed. She wasn’t using the scene voice anymore, her hands clenched into fists at her sides.

“Well, you wanted me to test you,” Brian said, abandoning his role as well. “Besides, Camila isn’t complaining,” he added, finally reducing the pressure on the Latina’s belly, causing her to let out a loud breath.

“You pushed me harder than her,” the blonde argued. “Do you know just how much I’m holding right now?”

“I didn’t press you harder,” Brian said, frowning. He used his hands to support himself as he rose from the floor, his knees thanking him profusely, then dusted his trousers off. “Seriously, I didn’t.”

Emily called a ‘cut’ and lowered her phone.

“Yes, you did.”

“I did not. I treated you fairly, you both got the exact same push.”

“There’s a way to test that,” the mohawked girl interjected, “if you want to. You could, you know, prove that you reacted harder because he pushed you harder.” She was looking at Patricia, a lopsided smile on her face.

Patricia stared at the girl quizzically, her expression still angry.

“How?”

“Could you two stand back to back, leaning against each other?” Emily asked, looking between Patricia and Camila. The actress and the gaffer exchanged a glance, then moved toward each other, their backs together. They were still squirming: Camila was bobbing up and down slightly while Patricia had immediately crossed her legs after coming to a halt. “And, you know, fidget a bit less? If you’re able to, that is.”

Both women struggled to follow her instructions, yet – in the end – follow them they did. Camila stopped moving as much, though she took to tapping her foot on the floor rhythmically, while Patricia uncrossed her legs with visible effort.

“And stand a bit closer together, if you would,” Emily added. She gave the girls a long look, apparently judging their postures, then nodded. With the way the two were standing, their bladder bulges looked almost symmetrical, Brian realized, sticking out from their bodies like a sore thumb.

“So,” the girl said, putting her smartphone on the table. “With the way the two of you are standing right now, if someone – Brian, for example – were to put his hands on your bellies –” she paused ”– on your bladders, and put some pressure on them, the pressure would simply have to be equal, right?”

Patricia’s eyes widened, though she didn’t say anything.

“So, if one of you would, you know, start acting out, that would show that she’s worse at keeping her composure, wouldn’t it? Agreed?”

Silence reigned for a moment, both women looking unsure. Then Camila nodded, Patricia following suit a beat later. Emily looked at Brian.

“Would you mind?”

The man hesitated for a moment – then he slowly took a few steps toward the two desperate women, reaching out, placing his left hand on Camila’s belly, and his right hand against Patricia’s midsection. Neither reacted visibly to his touch, Brian observed.

After waiting a few seconds, he slowly applied some pressure: very gently at first, then slightly more vigorously. Camila bit her lip in reaction and grimaced, while Patricia’s expression turned pained. Brian kept pressing like that on their bellies for a longer moment, glancing at each woman in turn: Camila and Patricia both kept quiet and steady, not fidgeting much more than before. He then slowly increased the pressure, making a short grunt escape Patricia’s throat, and causing Camila’s face to become scrunched in concentration.

Then – either because of his impatience to finally see his actions have an actual impact, or maybe because of the alcohol coursing in his veins – Brian decided to up the ante. Spreading his fingers wider, he wrapped them around the protrusions in Camila’s and Patricia’s midsections as best as he could, then pressed down hard on them, actually using a lot of his strength now, squeezing the bulges simultaneously.

This time the reaction was by far more – ah – intense.

Camila let out a startlingly loud moan, closing her eyes and frantically bowing her head, pressing her chin against her chest… and then she kept moaning, a high-pitched whine escaping her throat continuously. Her legs started shaking, almost giving up under her, her knees knocking together furiously – Brian had to actually bend his arm a bit and position it differently to hold the woman up by her belly… by her bladder. Patricia, though – she didn’t moan, she let out a short scream instead, and brought her legs together with a snap, her own hands flying to Brian’s palm and trying to pull it away. When the man didn’t relent, the blonde clenched her hands into fists and started to hit her thighs with them, hard, as if trying to drown out the piercing sensation.

“Whoa,” Cheyenne called, “that’s too much!”

Brian let go, quickly taking a step back.

Patricia and Camila separated instantly. Camila bent forward at the waist, almost in half, her hands plunging between her legs without delay. The woman’s eyes stayed tightly closed, and a terrible grimace was distorting her features… yet she had at least stopped groaning when the pressure vanished. Patricia first brought her hands to the front of her skirt, then quickly pressed them flat to her thighs, slowly lowering herself into an awkward squat, her whole body trembling.

“Are you guys okay?” Cheyenne walked up to them, her voice anxious. “Patricia? Camila?”

Neither reacted for a longer moment, both women apparently still lost in throes of bladder pain – then Camila finally removed her left hand from between her legs, keeping the other one still wedged between her thighs, and raised it toward Cheyenne, as if waving the woman off. Patricia stayed quiet, though, rocking back and forth, now pressing her chin into her chest, still shaking.

“Patricia?” Cheyenne repeated, then glanced at Brian, looking angry. “You’ve seriously overdone it! Are you okay?”

“I’m fine,” Patricia choked out a moment later, continuing to rock back and forth in her squat, “I’m fine.”

Camila slowly straightened, finally opening her eyes… though her hands stayed between her legs. The Latina’s face was pale, Brian thought with a touch of worry.

“When I passed the calculus exam, at the uni,” the gaffer said a moment later, her voice hoarse, “I thought that was certainly the hardest test in my whole life. I guess I was fucking wrong.” Camila glanced at Brian and, seeing his anxious expression, she tried to smile at him, even though her face was still pained. Still, it made the man feel as if a weight had been lifted from his heart. “Though I did pass, right?”

“You did”, Emily confirmed, though her eyes remained glued to Patricia’s form. The girl looked… happy?

It took a long moment before the blonde slowly rose from her squat, cradling her belly in her palms, and turned her head to look at them. Her face was flushed deep red, and the expression upon it looked agonized. When she was actually standing, the woman immediately began to shift around and knock her knees together furiously, still caressing her bladder bulge.

“So did I, did I not?” she forced out the words.

“Camila’s standing straight and has gotten over her, erm,” Emily paused, thinking, “experience. You kinda look far worse for wear, Pat.”

Clenching her teeth, the actress moved her hands to her sides and, with visible effort, stopped moving her legs.

“I did pass just as well as she did,” she said, her tone furious. “He fucking pushed my whole bladder in, did you expect I wouldn’t react to that? I’m fine.”

She was still bent forward, Brian thought, and still looked as if she were in pain. Regardless, he kinda marveled at the fact that Patricia was able to act at least somewhat composed. Not nearly as composed as Camila, perhaps, but – wow. Compared to the state she was in a moment ago, squatting on the floor and literally shaking, that was actually impressive.

“Well,” Emily said, turning around and grabbing something from the table, “if you two are fine and well, then it’s time for the next beer, isn’t it?”

The blonde’s eyes became almost comically wide.

***

It took an hour more for Patricia to no longer be able to pretend that she had any shred of control left, not even for a moment. Brian hadn’t ever seen her reduced to a state like that. Needing to pee, yes – visibly desperate, on a few rare occasions – but…

…but looking as if she were about to literally explode where she stood?

No, that hadn’t happened before.

Though she probably had never had to contain that much pee inside her either, Brian mused. And, let’s not forget, today she had to withstand her bladder being actively prodded and pushed, which certainly wasn’t an everyday experience either. The – well, the test he had administered Patricia and Camila – he was now kinda ashamed when thinking about that – seemed to have consumed most of their willpower: neither woman was able to act nearly as composed afterward as they did before… and while Camila seemed to have regained a bit of her strength over the past hour, despite still drinking more, Patricia hadn’t fared nearly as well.

The blonde was hobbling around the lounge – hobbling, not walking – with her hands pressed tightly to her thighs, as tightly as she could possibly press them, and her face was now beet red the whole time. The actress couldn’t really grab her crotch, not with her skirt in the way, regardless of the fact that she obviously wanted to do just that; Patricia was probably regretting her choice of wardrobe, Brian thought, making him curve his lips upward.

“Pat!” Emily called from her chair, grabbing another two beers from the case and setting them on the table. The actress turned her head in their direction, stopping in her tracks… then suddenly bent in half. After a few beats, she straightened a bit – not fully, though – and moved toward the table, her hands still shoved against her thighs, as if they were glued to them. She was walking in tiny steps, Brian noted, and each looked rather unsteady.

The lounge was almost empty by now, with most people having gone back to their rooms – it was almost 3 a.m., after all. There were just seven of them remaining: Patricia and Camila, of course, and Emily and Cheyenne, Brian, and two guys from the sound crew. Though the last two seemed not very interested in the contest: they were sitting on the other couch, making out passionately, apparently content to ignore the show.

Camila suddenly put her hand on top of Brian’s, grasping it tightly, bringing an abrupt stop to his thoughts. He returned to rubbing her thigh, up and down, enjoying the feeling of her naked skin on his fingers… and, for some reason, enjoying the way her leg was constantly – for a lack of a better word – quivering. She wasn’t moving her left leg, (as opposed to her right leg, which she was jiggling constantly), but her whole body was tense, making the girl feel as if she were literally vibrating. Her features weren’t red, the way Patricia’s face was – instead they were pale. Camila’s expression was one of utter concentration, and the subject of her focus was easy to guess: the huge bulge in her abdomen, jutting literally inches away from her body, made by the lake of pee she was keeping inside her body.

Now the brunette was holding Brian’s hand hard, almost painfully so, while her other hand stayed glued between her legs.

“We’re going to need a mop,” Cheyenne slurred, sipping on her beer, “even if she doesn’t piss herself.” Emily huffed at that, though she didn’t look unhappy about that, for some reason.

Brian turned his head. Patricia had finally reached the table, squirming madly while she stood there, stepping from foot to foot without any care for decorum. The man’s gaze moved lower, from her flushed face to the enormous protrusion in her abdomen, then lower still, to her short skirt, finally reaching her legs.

Then he snickered, understanding what Cheyenne meant.

The dark streaks upon Patricia’s pantyhose grew more numerous – much more numerous – since she had drank her last beer… and longer, and thicker.

The first streak appeared shortly after they finished filming the ‘scene’, originating in the blonde’s crotch and reaching halfway down her thigh: a damp stripe, wet enough to turn the fabric almost black. Then another streak appeared, and another, each caused by another leak. When confronted about them, the actress quite forcefully denied they existed. Literally: she denied that they were there, her face scrunched and red and covered with sweat, arguing with Emily that the mohawked girl was only imagining things. Even when Cheyenne and Brian commented on Patricia visibly leaking, she kept refuting that, as if she could somehow make it untrue by rejecting their words.

Now it looked as if lightning had struck her crotch, Brian mused, leaving multiple black marks upon her legs, some of them reaching her knees. Well, that was likely close to how the woman was feeling right now, he reflected, snickering again, considering the sheer pressure of piss her sphincter had to keep contained.

“You’re kinda acting like a schoolgirl, Pat,” Emily said, her tone calm despite the vitriol in her words. “Would you mind behaving more like an adult? You’re making a show of yourself!” Cheyenne glanced at the mohawked girl, but kept quiet.

Patricia bit her lip, hard – then, with visible effort, she stopped stepping from one foot to the other, instead double-crossing her legs and bending forward, gyrating her hips madly.

“A bit better,” Emily determined after a few seconds, “though you’re still pissing yourself, you know.”

“I’m not,” Patricia forced out, her words barely audible.

“Anyway, it’s been”, Emily checked her phone, “twenty-five minutes since you guys drank the last beer. So…” the girl gestured with her head toward the two cans on the table. Patricia stared at them as if she had just noticed the beer, her eyes wide. Her body was trembling… and she wasn’t making a move to grab her drink.

The brunette wasn’t doing all that much better, though: it took the Latina a longer moment to let go of Brian’s hand and reach for her can, and then another few beats to remove the other hand from between her legs and actually pull the tab. She started bobbing up and down in her seat as soon as she cracked the beer open, her feet still dancing madly under the table, and the resulting hiss of gas escaping the metal container brought an anguished grimace to her face… yet she took a sip from the can, then another, then another, ignoring the drops of cold sweat covering her face.

Patricia, on the other hand, just kept staring at the beer. Her hands were now no longer pressed to her thighs, Brian noticed: she was clenching her fists instead, so hard that the veins on her palms became visible. Abruptly, she uncrossed her legs and started shifting around once more, stepping from foot to foot frenziedly, almost literally dancing in place. Emily kept staring at the blonde expectantly, as did Cheyenne… as did Brian.

Camila kept drinking fast, gulping down the beer, probably intent on getting her ordeal over as fast as she could. She had probably gotten down like half of her beer before the blonde actress finally reached out and grabbed her own can, frantically opening it – another long hiss sounded – and finally bringing it to her lips. She kept taking quick small sips, with the can barely tilted, bringing her other hand to the front of her skirt and – apparently – doing her best to press it into her crotch.

Brian, with his own palm still rubbing the Latina’s thigh, kept looking between the two women. Both of them were clearly at their wits’ end, absolutely bursting to relieve themselves… but between the two, the brunette seemed to be in a slightly better shape. She was squirming wildly while sitting, true, bobbing up and down, but still appeared to be somewhat in control of herself. And Brian didn’t think she was leaking – he couldn’t tell, of course, with her wearing jean shorts, but he had a feeling that she wasn’t. Patricia, on the other hand – he glanced at her – Patricia seemed to be literally on the verge of losing it right then and right now. Was losing it, judging from the leaks.

Just as Brian thought that, a loud hiss sounded for a second – and, right in front of him, another black streak flew down the blonde’s pantyhose, noticeably thicker than any other that came before it. It flowed past her knees, then past her calves, reaching the woman’s high heels. Patricia closed her eyes and an impossibly tense grimace distorted her face. She bent forward at her waist, almost in half, extending the arm holding the beer, as if trying to keep it as far away from herself and her bladder as possible, then…

…then nothing.

The actress stayed like that for a longer while, letting out a groan or two, breathing loudly between the moans, knocking her knees together furiously. She was clearly battling her body for all she was worth… all the while Camila had actually finished drinking her own beer and set the empty can on the table, straightening her back – even though she was still frantically squirming, her thigh still vibrating.

It took a minute before Patricia finally opened her eyes, biting down on her lip. She slowly stood up from her bent position, once again bringing the can back to her mouth. She took a sip, then another…

…then another, shorter, hiss was audible, and another dark streak appeared on her legs, though this time it was thinner. The blonde ignored it, chugging the beer frenziedly, before moving it away from her lips to breathe deeply. Was the can empty?

“Patricia, you’re about to piss yourself,” Cheyenne slurred, staring wide-eyed at the other woman. Emily kept quiet, a disturbingly satisfied expression on her face. “Just go! Damn the fucking contest, the bathroom’s right there!”

“I can hold it,” Patricia repeated, her tone almost feverish. “I’ve got this, I’m not done yet!” She was looking at Camila while saying that, but then shifted her gaze to Brian. “I’ve got this,” she insisted.

Then another short hiss sounded, and another wet streak tainted her pantyhose.

“I’m so not mopping the floor after you piss yourself, girl,” Cheyenne said, staring at Patricia. “Just go, please, you’ve lost.” Patricia kept her eyes on Brian, though, whose own gaze jumped up and down, between the blonde’s face and her wet legs.

“I’ve got this,” the woman repeated stubbornly, “I’m fine.” She set the can back on the table – it was empty, judging from the sound – straightened her back, and stopped moving her legs, standing still for a moment. She smiled in a way that looked almost… dreadful?… the titanic effort she was putting into maintaining her composure visible in her expression…

…then another hiss reverberated.

Only this time it didn’t end so soon.

A second passed, then another – Patricia’s eyes widened – then another, multiple black streaks appearing all over her legs, each of them quickly reaching her heels. A second passed, and then she managed to stop the flow…

Yet something had changed.

Brian could literally see it in her eyes, Patricia’s gaze still wide and unblinking. He could see the sudden comprehension, finally breaking through the wall of her persistence and her resolve: the final, ultimate realization.

The realization that she was literally on the very verge of pissing herself – no, that she had all but started to piss herself – in front of other people, in front of Brian and Camila and Emily and Cheyenne, and there was nothing that she could do about it. She couldn’t hold it, she simply couldn’t, couldn’t, couldn’t.

Brian could swear that he saw in her eyes the precise, exact moment when that understanding actually clicked in her mind.

Then Patricia turned on her heel and ran – ran – toward the bathroom. She couldn’t hold it, so she had to pee: the bathroom was right there, the bathroom was nearby, she couldn’t hold it so she had to go there, everything would be better than literally pissing her panties in front of them all. 

She ran in her high heels, then, just as she was almost at the door, Mark’s toolbox, sitting on the floor while the man worked inside the bathroom, happened to be in the way. Brian couldn’t really blame the woman for not noticing it.

Patricia hit the toolbox with her leg, stumbled, and pitched forward with a loud gasp. Her hands shot out just in time, smacking against the floor, her knees following suit. She had a hard landing, accompanied by a loud moan, her head just two or three feet away from the closed door, her forehead very nearly hitting the floor. She stayed in a prostrating position like that, likely out of shock – and then it was over.

The shock of the fall was simply too much for her strained, overfilled, leaking bladder: the blonde’s sphincter gave out, letting the pressured piss explode out of her body. The stream was so strong that, upon hitting the fabric of Patricia’s skirt, only a part of it flowed down the material, creating a veritable waterfall – another part flowed through the fabric, actually arching in the air behind her. The woman moaned out loud as she pissed, all the while Brian watched with his mouth open, and she kept pissing, and kept pissing, and kept pissing, a lake of pee pooling beneath her body and spreading far behind her. It took perhaps half a minute for the stream of her piss to lose enough of its pressure to stop passing through the fabric, now just flowing down the skirt in a huge torrent, noisily hitting the puddle below Patricia.

The sight was… well, enamoring wouldn’t be the right word, perhaps… fascinating? Brian couldn’t tear his eyes away, staring at Patricia pissing herself while prostrating on the floor, with her elegant skirt and elegant pantyhose now so very wet, her golden locks covering the woman’s face from view. From the corner of his eye he could see Cheyenne gaping as well, as was Emily – and Camila was actually moaning out loud, knocking her knees together furiously, apparently the image of Patricia’s relief making it harder for her to keep her very own ocean inside. But even the awareness of Camila’s frantic desperation wasn’t enough to actually distract Brian: he kept staring at the actress as she – just – kept – pissing.

He had no idea how long she peed – a minute certainly passed, two minutes certainly passed, and the waterfall forming at the edge of Patricia’s skirt was almost as strong as it was in the beginning. At some point Emily rose from her seat and walked toward Patricia, who kept relieving herself on the floor. The mohawked girl stopped just a few feet away from the other woman, silently staring down at her with a strange gleam in her eyes.

It took a while longer for Patricia to empty herself fully… and even then her skirt kept raining drops of pee into the huge puddle beneath the prostrating woman. The blonde was breathing loudly enough for her gasps to be audible all over the lounge.

As if coming out of a trance, Brian looked around the room: Cheyenne was still gaping, and Camila was still squirming – she stopped moaning, though – and the two guys that were previosuly making out in the corner looked shell-shocked. Emily was still standing over Patricia, now cautiously probing the lake of Patricia’s piss with her foot.

“I won,” Camila said suddenly, capturing Brian’s attention. She glanced at him. “I won, haven’t I?” The Latina looked at the paper crown on the table, then quickly reached out and grabbed it, hastily putting it on her head, plunging her hand back between her legs immediately afterward.

The crown was tilted, so Brian reached out and carefully fixed it, the brunette rewarding him with a smile.

“You’ve won,” he confirmed. “Come on, you can go and pee. Though…” he looked toward Patricia. The ocean of piss the woman left on the floor – she was still in the same position, still breathing deeply – was large enough, and close enough to the bathroom door, that getting around it would require some, erm, careful maneuvering. “Well, I’ll help you. Come on.”

The brunette frantically shook her head, though, leaving Brian baffled.

“They will,” she paused, swallowing, “they will need some help mopping the floor.”

Brian stared at her.

“What?”

“They’ll need help mopping the floor, I’ll help mopping the floor,” the woman was still bobbing up and down in her seat, her hands glued to her crotch.

Brian kept staring.

It took him a moment to come up with a response – he literally didn’t know what to say – then he opened his mouth –

– only for Camila to speak first.

“Want to go to my room, after?” she asked, looking him in the eye.

“Yes,” he said, the word slipping out without any conscious thought.

*001*2025-04-06 09:48

Oooohhhh, the post has finally gotten approved! It's been floating in limbo for quite some time, I'm actually mildly surprised to see it finally go up.

When I first posted it, I accidentally hit ENTER a bit earlier than I meant to, hence the lack of anything in the post except the text of the story itself... and posts waiting for moderator approval cannot be edited, so I couldn't just go back to add some context like I originally planned. So - here's what I wanted to include.

The story was written as a commission, as the title of the post suggests. The topic was supposed to be the protagonist seeing his ex-girlfriend, iron-bladdered and very proud of that, participate in a holding contest with a firm expectation of being able to win it effortlessly... and instead, losing badly - in a humiliating way - due to unexpected presence of a woman with even larger bladder. Making that other woman be the protagonist's current love interest, as well as the details of the setting and plot, are my own invention. Initially, the story was to be much shorter that it finally became - but it sort of... grew... while I was writing it.

The story ended up being a bit long - some 13k words - so, when published it one post, it might or might not be inconvenient to be read in one sitting. I considered splitting it into parts, posted daily - same thing I did with my previous story - but, with the way the thing's structured, this approach would be problematic. There are five scenes in the story, so posting a scene daily would mean the story would be published in very small chunks - each scene is some 3k words - which probably would be mostly annoying from the point of view of a reader. Bundling scenes 1+2 and 3+4, then publishing the finale - well, then the finale would feel unexpectedly short, compared to previous parts, which in and of itself would likely be disappointing. So yeah, no obvious perfect solutions. I just hope that the long wall-of-text appearance won't scare anyone off. 😉

There's no continuation currently planned, in case anyone's wondering, even though the ending might feel a bit sequel-hook-y, with Camila still holding it... 😉

