Important Princess Business (MLP)

Author: Cupcakes85

*000*2022-05-12 20:13

Decided to post this here because the world could always use more OMO. Please let me know if you enjoy, and if you really like this I'm open for commissions!

Celestia didn't dare stop trotting, even as she became more certain what she was looking for wasn't to be found, because she knew disaster would strike if she stood still.

A great sloshing inside of her tortured her at every step, making her vision go blurry with tears as the contents of her bladder rammed against the exit repeatedly and rhythmically each time her hips shifted to walk. It was taking its toll too; she was getting weaker, and soon enough she wouldn't be able to hold it at all... Such a thought almost made her cry, if anything because it was just too horrible to consider. A Princess did not have an accident, especially after sneaking out of an insufferable garden party to find a bathroom!

The rocking of her lower body from her frantic trotting wasn't helping either, and she could only hope the dampness on her mound was from the sweat beading on her shimmering coat. Oh, the many inconveniences of her brilliant white coloration... A single dribble would shine like a beacon to appearance obsessed ponies, and no amount of damage control could undo such a level of scandal.

Whimpering as she turned a corner to another dead end, the mare had to face the truth she'd spent the past fifteen minutes denying; there were no restrooms on this end of the garden after all. It was isolated and well hidden and perfect in every other way, but there was nowhere for her to pee with dignity.

Dancing on the spot, she tried to control her breathing and think of a plan, having a hard time mulling over ideas with her brain fixated on one thing; relief. All of her thoughts inevitably snapped back to her pressing reality and how good it would be to let go, even if it came at the cost of all her dignity, and denying herself that release was getting harder. Biting her lip, she tried to keep it in any way she could, no longer too concerned with looking regal and instead squirming on the spot in an ungainly potty dance. Both of her thighs felt certain to cramp with how she was shoving them together, but she would have still thrown a hoof back for extra insurance were her long legs not already tangled together.

A lifetime of being raised as a Princess made her quite capable of holding and equally afraid of revealing her bodily functions, but she doubted that would keep her secure much longer. It was like invisible forces were tugging at her now, pulling her legs apart and doing their best to pry the floodgates open no matter how she fought... Manners alone weren't going to keep nature's call at bay forever. It was time to accept that a toilet just wasn't going to materialize, no matter how hard she searched, and that she had to face her problem with what she had... which was nothing, at the moment.

Keening to herself at a hot spasm rippling across her marehood, she uncrossed and crossed her back legs in a hurry, praying the thin line of warmth dribbling down one of her thighs was just more sweat. Now on the verge of an accident, the mare silently promised her bladder that she'd empty it very soon, provided there were no more leaks.

Hooves stomping the lush grass into a flat carpet, Celestia cried out in pain and frustration, thankful only that she was alone. Beautiful flowers and plump vegetation surrounded her in a twisted labyrinth that limited visibility to a few feet, giving her some modicum of privacy in her darkest moment and allowing her to try and think. Any other pony would have just done the obvious and taken advantage of the nearest gap in the bushes, but she had never once gone anywhere but a toilet, and despite her desperation she was in no hurry to try. There was no guarantee she'd even be able to do it properly, and she certainly wouldn't enjoy a moment of it... Which was to say nothing of an even worse possibility; what if she was discovered in the act?

Humiliation bloomed across her face in an intense blush, the very idea of such a scandal making her rump clench to lock in her burden and prevent her nightmare from becoming a reality. The idea sent her panicked mind absolutely wild. What would her subjects think if she was caught urinating amongst the roses? It would be unthinkable! Such a transgression against all that was becoming of her station, and that was to say nothing of what would happen if she was filmed...

Pain and another feeling she didn't dare acknowledge pulsed through her bladder at the mortifying idea. But all the potential humiliation she was capable of imagining didn't change the one inevitability, she was going to pee, very soon, no matter how desperately she fought. There was just too much to hold, and it was still ramming against her poor urethra like a furious tidal wave demanding freedom, leaving her to squirm and tremble in a dripping sweat as she gasped for air. Magic couldn't save her with all the concentration it required, and the pressure it exerted on the body would have had her spurting before she arrived at her destination. All the missed opportunities to duck away and pee in the palace flashed before her eyes like a final mocking reminder, and she would have traveled back in time just to kick herself for thinking her needs could wait.

Near to tears, she made the decision she had to, and her long neck stretched upwards in search of some privacy.

Instinct led her to a tiny alcove off the main path, a curtain of flowers offering a hint of cover as she quickly slipped beneath them and into the tiny clearing beyond. Surrounded by walls of flora to protect her from prying eyes, she figured such an area was the best she could hope for, not that any one spot stood out to her. With no experience to draw from, she looked around at everything, noting all the little dips or crevices that could potentially hold her urine. Being faced with the physical reality of looking for a spot to pee made her pussy clench in a war with nature's calling, leaving her to briefly close her eyes and wrestle for control back before she started gushing into the nearest ditch.

Whining and looking about frantically, she just managed not to trip over her locked legs as she saw it; a gap between two bushes with a small depression in the ground beneath. It was just the right size for a large mare, particularly if she dropped her rump to squat, and would let her feel the tiniest bit sheltered. The dip would keep her hooves dry too, provided she was careful.

Another dribble of what she no longer dared to hope was sweat launched her into action. Unable to believe herself even now, she turned on the spot and aimed her backside for the gap, trying not to trip as she backed up blindly into the corner.

Tender leaves tickled her pristine ass, almost teasing her with the fact that she was nowhere near a toilet and thoroughly out of her element. There weren't words for what she'd have traded for the cool certainty of a porcelain bowl beneath her... that was to say nothing of an actual door to lock! Having no idea what she was doing, Celestia swallowed her pride and dropped her lower half as she raised her tail, trying to hold onto some modicum of her dignity in the process. It didn't feel like she was at all elegant as she squatted like a common dog, her magic tail rising up to reveal her tight marehood and even tighter asshole to the world. Maneuvering her tail well out of the splash zone, she adjusted her hooves as best she could, holding back the flood only through the power of her nerves.

Glancing back at herself with palpable uncertainty, she couldn't help but wince as the flowers she was aiming at seemed to look right back at her, their petals curling almost accusingly in her direction as they sat helpless in her shadow. Deep shame welled up in her belly and she was forced to look away, the silliness of her embarrassment doing nothing to quell it. Of course the plants couldn't actually mind, but she still felt beyond reprehensible, at least for the Royal gardeners. If she'd gone when the opportunity had presented itself, these poor blooms wouldn't be facing a soaking now...

The final spreading of her legs kick started a reaction in her body so intense her pupils contracted with a gasp, her hooves just keeping their footing where the grass turned to bare dirt as something shifted inside of her. A reservoir of piss sloshed for a final time, the weight of it all moving from her belly to between her legs as her bladder realized she was giving in. Jaw going tight, the mare took one final breath of preparation that became two, which repeated faster and faster until she was nearly hyperventilating on the spot. Her anxiety peaking as the finality washed over her, Celestia stayed committed, though there was no backing out now. Keenly aware she was shaking from the tip of her nose to her exposed mound, the mare felt herself opening up despite her reservations, though it was a slow and tortuous process.

Bright sunlight caught her lips just as they managed to relax, the dripping folds spreading to unveil her urethra to the light breeze whistling through the trees. Tender pink lips winked at the flowers now inches from her mound, and a soft sound like none she'd ever made tumbled out of her open mouth as she felt the cool air easing her to release.

There was no need for conscious decisions, not that she would have been capable of one anyway, for her body to decide it was time. This being more or less her decision didn't stop her from tensing reflexively when the muscles she'd overworked finally relaxed and let it happen.

Countless glasses of tea and punch that she'd downed to avoid conversation took their sweet time getting through the exit, but she still felt the heat when they started to escape, the fat beads of urine forming on her marehood like tiny pearls before they fell. For all of her desperation, the flow started as nothing more than droplets coming out one after the other, their sluggish movement almost mocking her in the face of her predicament. After almost pissing herself and finally giving in just before it was too late, this was all she had to pee?

Thankfully for her, the droplets began to multiply and hasten their journey in short order, coming out faster and closer together until they were a thin waterfall that cascaded to the ground below. Tasting the relief she'd been so eager for, Celestia tried not to interrupt herself, hopeful that it would continue to speed up. Her wish was granted as a pleasant warmth began to radiate from her marehood, and a few seconds of further buildup allowed the flow to gain enough speed to arc away from her pussy, the thin spout of pee merrily singing its song as it pattered into the earth.

Now she was starting to feel actual relaxation, which made it all the easier for her tinkle to thicken the little bit more it needed to bridge the gap between herself and the flowers. For all of their apparent complaints, the plants soaked up her little rainstorm as if they were fully parched, leaves angling as much of the spray as possible to the thirsty roots. With that, she finally felt what she was looking for, the start of true relief.

Celestia would have moaned if not still in so much shock, the delightful pattering of her stream against the flowers making her spread her legs and lean forward to help it flow.

Musical tinkling filled the air as she peed more forcefully, the droplets raining down from leaf to leaf before soaking into the earth at her hooves, leaving an unmistakable patch of wetness in their wake. Her stream continued to sparkle in the dappling sun as it rained down on the leaves and petals framing her hefty backside, leaving them as soaked as if a summer rain had been unleashed. Soon the soft sound was intensifying into an unmistakable hiss as her overstretched bladder started contracting to force the urine out as fast as her body allowed. A thick cascade began gushing out forcefully enough to push the plants branches about and make them sway, resulting in a few more tickles to her rump that she no longer minded. If anything, the nature was just a part of the fun, reminding her that even if she couldn't help it she was acting very unbecoming of a Princess.

A curious desire to check on herself rose up and refused to be dashed, and with a final glance at the exit to be sure she was alone, Celestia decided to give in. Preparing to loom back with her long neck, the mare subconsciously pushed, pissing so hard it would be a miracle if she wasn't heard before she was seen, not that she was as horrified by that as she should have been. Suddenly the image of a handsome stallion stumbling across her like this was... enough to make her wet with more than just urine.

Ignoring her fantasies, the mare turned her head and craned her neck, getting a perfect view of her ass amongst the leaves. A stream of truly impressive power surged out of her almost parallel to the earth, pushing right through the branches and threatening to strip the bush to its bark. Piss was already dripping from each individual leaf, the literal golden shower sparkling even as it foamed in the growing puddle behind her. Pride filled her chest at the sight; she was peeing all that, with so much more to go? Even for a mare of her size, it was an impressive feat of holding, and more importantly felt so wonderfully good.

All of her worries seemed to flow out with her stream, allowing her to relax and sigh whilst she took the time to savor the release. Unrepentant in her delight, she kept her head facing backwards as she wiggled her hips, letting her stream go from side to side to ensure everything got a thorough watering. A fine mist was sent through the air as high velocity piss spattered against solid branches, sending a few back to cover her exposed ass. She couldn't have cared less about the mess with all the fun she was having.

All she could ask herself was; why had she waited this long to go, and gotten in such a panic? There was nothing but bliss on her expression as she watched the ground sag under so much liquid and felt her bladder shrink in tandem. Relief mixed with pleasure made relaxing much easier as she settled in her squat, tail waving back and forth over her head as she moaned in delight.

As she hit half of her capacity, the mare made sure to push again, wanting the entire reservoir cleared. What had once been fine tea in gorgeous crystal cups gushed down to the earth without a care, forming a lake that filled the small depression completely. The same part of her that had fought this was now reveling in it, and she could feel her mound pulsing in one very particular spot, her throbbing clit soaked in her piss. Holding it for so long had made her exceptionally sensitive too, allowing her to really enjoy herself.

Feeling her stream fluctuate, Celestia took a moment to catch the breath she didn't realize she'd lost, the sweat of her exertion still dripping down her body. Bladder no longer bulging from her middle, she set about finishing up, closing her eyes and savoring the end just as she had the beginning. The stream lagged quickly from the dropping pressure, leaving her to squeeze down so the remaining quantity could be freed. Lips parting on both ends, Celestia let the last of the hot piss flow until it went from a stream to dribble, the arc lagging until it no longer cleared her pussy. She couldn't stop herself from putting on a small smile, the final dribble slinking down her pussy to tickle her inner thigh before dropping off and leaving her empty quite suddenly.

Clear thought returned with a small sigh, though the full realization of what she'd done took a moment to dawn on the royal mare. Still quivering from exertion and excitement, she rose to her full height slowly, standing from her squat with a few careful steps forward. Piss dripped from her sopping pussy with every step, and she became aware of a not insignificant amount that had just splashed back onto her ass. Only now starting to think of how to clean up, she stood shakily on her long legs, breathing deeply before she did an about face to behold her efforts.

A pony sized portion of the bush was soaked to the point of sagging, and the ground below had fared no better, the fertile earth dark and wet beneath the lake she'd made. Blushing hard, Celestia took a few further steps back to clear herself from the mess, embarrassed but feeling quite... excited by her decision. It looked like a creature twice her size had made that mess, and that was as thrilling as it was flattering; she'd held all that in, all morning? How strong of a bladder did she have?

A distant laugh pulled her from her fun, reminding her that the garden party was still on and she had most likely been noticed as missing by now. If she didn't hurry ponies would come looking, and it wouldn't take a particularly bright individual to tell what she'd just been doing. Savoring this unexpected fun would have to be done later, when the gardens were really empty and she wasn't dripping from her trip to the bathroom. Speaking of which...

Limited options led her to the large and dry leaves of a nearby tree, which she plucked using her magic and brought to her muzzle for a quick inspection. Not finding any sign of dirt and too pressed for time to do a thorough check, she ruled them good enough, blushing again as she spread her legs and raised her tail.

A sopping pussy met the leaves with a tiny gasp from her, though she pressed on through her mixed uncertainty and arousal to take care of business. Softness against her marehood soaked up what it could, though there was quite a mess to be cleaned, resulting in her selecting multiple batches of leaves to wipe with. Even with a very real need to rush the mare had to take a moment to savor the feeling of her clit being caressed, her arousal letting the leaves all but glide between her lips. Scattering the soiled fronds over her puddle when she finished, she hoped everything would dry before anypony wandered by, as there was no hiding that something had happened here.

When she was as certain as could be she was clean, Celestia held her head high and left her secret alcove, keeping its location thoroughly in the back of her mind as she navigated her way back to the party. Any witnesses would have thought her small smile to be nothing more than a polite expression humoring the party atmosphere, but she knew there was a gleam of naughty delight in her eyes. No amount of propriety would allow her to hide just how much she'd enjoyed herself. As the sounds of the party grew louder, she sighed in bliss. This had been a most unexpected bit of excitement on a very boring day.

"Your Majesty!"

A white Pegasus in full armor cried out as he caught sight of her, though she was calm and merely greeted him with a smile and a nod as he ran to her side. Dropping into an out of breath bow, the stallion huffed through his words, which tumbled out at a mile a minute. "We were just sent out to look for you! Is everything alright? Did something happen?"

"Everything's quite fine!" she assured with a polite wave of her hoof, encouraging the guard to follow so they could assure the others. Thoroughly relieved, the stallion nodded and followed with a salute, looking quite pleased with himself to be returning with the Princess. Chuckling to herself, Celestia waved her tail from side to side, savoring the lingering tingle of her release.

This was truly the greatest garden party she'd ever attended.

