MCU Vignettes

Author: caedar

*000*2022-02-26 11:03

Wanda Takes a Pee Break On Her Flight From Westview

Wanda had been flying northward away from Westview for about an hour when she consciously acknowledged she had to pee. The immediate, initial blow of grief had subsided for now. Of course the emotional resonance of the last week of her life would likely never truly leave her until the day she died, let alone after one hour, but a human brain can only feel a certain way for so long, even if said brain posesses a mutant gene and the powers of the Scarlett Witch. Her primary feeling now was of immense fatigue. Her muscles aching, she felt as though she'd been hiking for a week straight without sleeping. Or perhaps she felt as though she'd been manifesting a quaint town and accompanying television broadcast into the cosmic microwave background radiation for a week straight, though it was her first time doing that, so she couldn't be sure if this is what it always felt like following such an activity.

From her shoulders down to her toes was aching muscle, and in the centre of that collective ache was the dull pressure within her crotch of needing to pee. Not desperate so that the pee felt as though it were nudging at the inside of her pussy lips, but she was very much aware of her bladder within her torso and felt the pee further down in her urethra, politely requesting an exit. She was somewhat amused by the circumstances. If Agatha's monologue was to be believed, then Wanda was essentially a god - a nexus being, "capable of spontaneous creation".

Yet she still had to urinate. Thinking about it, she found it kind of comforting that she would presumably keep these basic biological fundamentals of being a human. She had already had an intense enough existential crisis to cause her to literally explode enough chaos magic to engulf a town, she didn't need to have another one, now over what it meant to be human. That was more Viz's thing. She was powerful, and that was great, but she'd still have to eat, sleep, drink, go the toilet. And she probably was still going to menstruate, probably. Bummer.

Wanda slowed her flight, coming to a stop after a few seconds of conscious effort. She was a few hundred feet in the air, she reckoned roughly somewhere over the Five Ponds Wilderness in upstate New York. She vaguely had an idea that she was heading to the mountains of east Quebec. They'd flown over the area a couple of times in the Quinjet and Wanda had thought it seemed pleasant. Though it wasn't the most beautiful location on the continent, she'd chosen it, at least for now, because it was inconspicuous, and was within a few hours of Witch-Flight from Jersey.

She put her arms out to the side to steady herself and pointed her right toe towards the ground like a ballerina while pulling her left leg up slightly, willing her body to move downward. After about 20 seconds she touched down slowly enough that she stayed upright, but fast enough that she immediately felt the soreness in her calf muscles and a jolt in her bladder. She'd landed beside a creek upon a flat plateau of stone. Good enough place as any. She reached for a waistband to pull down but found nothing. Right: new suit.

She hadn't exactly put the suit on, per se. It had sort of just formed around her when she "went Scarlett Witch", so she had no idea how it worked. Dematerialising basic cloth was totally within her wheelhouse, but when she went to do so in her mind it had no effect on her new getup. It was composed of chaos magic, she presumed, a form of energy she'd been made aware of, like, six hours ago. She still wasn't what you'd call desperate, but having thought she was moments away from pissing a few seconds ago had made it so she was now actively clenching her vagina muscles, although lightly. She really wanted to piss.

The whole outfit was one, congruent thing, it turned out. The boots, leggngs, and top were one consistent entity, but even the parts that seemed disconnected were connected. When she pulled upward on her hedpiece it picked up the neckline with it, and when she yanked on the arm bracers she felt the yank on the material around her shoulders. It was as if in reality she was wearing a suit that covered her entire body, but certain parts had elected to be invisible.

As she felt around her suit to come to terms with its dimensions and properties, she absent mindedly and briefly itched her crotch, both to stifle a small tickle on the outside of her vulva and put some pressure on her urethra. In doing so she felt her pubic hair rub against the other side of the material. Okay, so this was really all she was wearing. That was good to know she supposed. If the 'suiting up' had replaced all her clothing then presumably she had the power to 'dissolve' it away. She had no idea what had happened to her other clothes, though. In the dark dimension somewhere? She hoped she could get them back - she had been wearing her best bra.

Wanda pondered for a little while longer. She'd subconciously started levitating a couple inches above the ground and was subtly crossing and uncrossing her thighs. Then she had a thought. Looking at her upper arm where there was bare skin exposed, she imaged it simply wasn't. She imagined that, congruent with the apparent physics, there was a connecting piece of fabric from her shoulder to her arm bracers. It appeared.

Yes!

Instantly she understood which part of brain to focus on to make it work. It was akin to discovering and instantly mastering the use of a new limb, a sense as automatic and innate as, well, peeing. Realising she wasn't touching the ground she rejoined it and looked down at her lower half and focused.

Her leggings and boots dematerialised in one go, her reddish-brown bush exposed to the brisk air. Wanda instantly knew it as she felt outer lips shrivel ever so slightly in the cold. She then did the same to her waist cape, leaving her bare from toe to bum.

At last she gingerly squatted down, the balls of her feet pressed into the smooth, cool stone, her bumcheecks making light contact with the bottom of her sore calves. She interlocked her fingers, rested her elbows on their respective legs, her knees faced up at about a 20 degree angle and she leaned her upper-body forward slightly, looking down at the stone where she expected her piss to make contact, and let go.

She felt the warmth shoot through her insides and burst out her lips as the stream brought on the familiar rumbly tingle as it escaped her urethra. She had to go just badly enough that the stream only had the slightest arc, and her pee was quite yellow as she hadn't had much chance to hydrate amidst recent events. As usual a small dribble caught on her pubes and dripped directly downward from her vagina onto the stone. About fifteen seconds into the pee and she sensed she was about half way done, the initial strongest burst done with and now a more consistent stream in place. She adjusted herself a tad to prevent the balls of her feet from going numb, the stream wobbling in the air slightly. Another ten seconds or so later and the stream was finally abating, as it almost died down she forced another burst of pee out, and then one more for good measure. The pressure in her abdomen all but vanished, she got to her feet.

In her hand she conjured a small orb of her usual red energy and dispersed it at her crotch so that a a brief, powerful gust was produced, that blew off the remaining moisture from her pussy. She summoned back her bottoms, but then unsommoned them, first manifesting some comfy black underwear. Eh, fuck it, she thought. I've got a brand to maintain, and she made them scarlet red. She again re-summoned her bottoms and waist cape, and at last touched off of the ground, returning to her northward flight path.

