Pee story

Author: Cupido

*000*2025-04-14 16:18

In a world in which robots rule the world the most effective weapon is the water pistol which can destroy them and is even silent. But I am very lazy so I often only write pistol. But now to the story.

Elli woke up with the feeling that it´s going to be a bad day but this thought vanished after she saw that the sun was shining with no clouds on the sky. Live was not as easy after robots took over the world, they always needed to leave the camp in pairs and nobody was allowed to use technology but that was no problem for Elli, she always liked the nature more than the virtual world. Today was the day she and her friend Lucas needed to patrol around the camp that was surrounded from water, so robots could only get over when they fly or use the drawbridge that they used to leave the camp.

She always liked to leave the camp to see more of the nature outside and the best thing with her friend. On her way to his tend she noticed the pressure on her bladder but didn't really care because it would not take long until they return from their patrol. Lucas was still sleeping when she arrived so she watched him sleep "he is so cute when he sleeps" she thought, that was until he woke up and winced when he saw her at the end of his bed. "What the heck you doing here"? still in shock he asked. "Did you forget that we need to patrol around the camp today?" she asked, still smiling because normally Lucas doesn't get scared easily.

Lucas: Oh I really forgot sorry for screaming at you"

Elli: "No problem, I always knew you were afraid of girls" she joked

Lucas: ha ha ha how funny" he said ironically . Let's pack up the pistols and move out he said.

They went outside over the bridge into the forest nearby. Elli walked behind him and only had eyes for the nature and animals in the forest. After a while they stopped for a break and they sat on some stones. Elli took out a big bottle of water while Lucas looked around for dangers and watched her chug down the whole half litre bottle in no time. Don't drink too much, we only got half of the patrol done he said. "I don't care I can drink as much as I want" she said. After their break they headed in direction west.

After a while Elli felt how much she had drunk and needed to hold herself while following her friend, but worst of all she only wore a skirt which meant she felt every gust in her crotch. When they arrived at a street Lucas pushed her behind a big dumpster which made her leak. But before she could say something Lucas pointed at the street. On the street there was a robot standing, scanning his surroundings Lucas reached for his pistol behind the dumpster and noticed that it was empty.

"Aw shit what about your pistol" he asked Elli but she forgot hers at home.

"What are we gonna do, if he follows this road he will find our camp and they will send more" he whispered to her. "Watch the robot maybe I have some water in my backpack" she said, but she could not find any. Damn what could we do?" he said that's when Elli had an idea. "Distract the robot I have an idea how to stop him" she told Lucas. Ok he said and left their cover to throw stones around to distract him. While he was distracting the robot Elli pulled up her skirt and sat on his pistol to fill it up, but she could not pee, maybe was it the fear, or the feeling that Lucas could return at any moment. That was until she felt a cold gust which gave her the rest and a hissing sound was heard, luckily not by her friend. 

While filling up the gun she felt so good it was not only piss she filled into his gun. She filled up his pistol but overfilled it so now his pistol was wet and a little sticky but he would not care she hoped. "LUCAS" she screamed and threw the pistol to his bush where he was hiding. He caught it right in time, because the robot looked in this moment in the bush he was hiding in but fortunately he was quick enough and emptied the whole pistol on the robot. Sparks came from the machine and fell over. Lucas came out of the bush and looked at the robot that was not moving at all. "Hey Elli it is save you can come out". She did as her was told and both fell in their arms cuddling.

Elli: Wow that was close

Lucas: Yea never going out of the house with a empty gun

Elli: That would be clever lets go back to the camp

Lucas:As you wish. Here it smells like piss.

Elli only chuckled ashamed. And they went home.

So that's the end of the story it is my first story and English is not my mother language so am sorry if some things are incorrect. I know the desperation and peeing aspect are short and not worked out completely, "am sorry" but like said first story.

Thanks for reading.

