System Override

Author: Cupcakes85

*000*2021-02-05 01:42

Some of you who have been on the site for a while may remember this, but it's a fic I posted a few years ago and deleted, but have fixed up for my return! I was spiritsl then, and I just wanted a new name that sounded better to start posting stuff. Pretty much everything I write for fun, as opposed to what I've written for sale, is about robots! If that's not your cup of tea it's entirely understandable!

I'll be posting some art for this story soon, but if my character descriptions are at all lacking just think of these bots resembling Transformers more than humans. That being said, I've admittedly dabbled in pee stuff for the aforementioned series but am not NEARLY brave enough to post it here. y

There's some dub con in the story below and some mild bondage, but otherwise nothing that should be more alarming than peeing robots. If you've read this far; enjoy!

Stepping into the elevator with just the slightest bit of a hurry, Flare turned just in time to see Tulip hobble in behind her as the door swished shut. Stooped over, the younger femme immediately leaned back against the wall, her hands firmly tucked between her legs. She'd had to pee for the past half hour now, and Flare had watched her go through all the stages of desperation, all the way from subtle squirming to shameless crotch holding.

"Only a little longer, you'll be fine." she encouraged, impressed by her own ability to keep a straight face. Though she was playing the part of the concerned but slightly amused friend, the older femme was enjoying the show in a far more intimate way. It was she who had slipped Tulip the substance causing her desperation, after all, and she intended to savor the fruits of her efforts. At that moment, with the object of her affection nearing the breaking point, it was certainly proving to be worth the work.

The same femme who was typically too shy to draw any kind of attention to herself was now squirming and whining in her spot, her pink cheeks flushed a more saturated hue from a mix of effort and embarrassment. Her exceptionally curvy figure was accentuating every tilt of her plentiful hips, and her delicate hands had almost dissapeared betwixt her thick thighs in order to successfully clamp over her crotch. Hitting the button for the fortieth floor, Flare forced herself to keep her expression neutral and her fingers from trembling, as hard as that may have been. She'd adored this tinier femme from afar for so long, keeping her lust hidden in this moment would prove to be the final leg of the challenge.

"Just relax." she encouraged the bouncing femme, praying her own pale face wasn't showing any color. Blushing in the hue of her fiery accents, the same that gave rise to her name, made moments such as this a real challenge. She could feel the heat increasing over every inch of her polished metal exterior. "My apartment's right by the exit on my floor. You just need to hold on a little longer."

"Easy for you to say... Ooh!" Tulip keened, her entire body folding downwards to fight an especially bad spasm. The pressure was so immense beneath her pelvic plating it actually hurt, with the epicenter between her covered lips throbbing at every rapid pump beat. It didn't help that she'd begun to sweat from the exertion, building up beads of clear coolant on her pretty pink exterior.

Oh, but her cute little sounds... The older femme was growing impatient herself, but for an entirely different relief. She'd been wanting this for so long, and had only recently found the opportunity to make a move, her anticipation between her own legs was killing her. Tulip claimed to be only "artistically" interested in other femmes, brushing off her longing glances at especially attractive individuals in public as "appreciation for their build", but Flare had been around long enough to know better. Not to mention how her optics lit up whenever someone she was so obviously attracted to mentioned needing to pee. It'd be hard to find anyone more obviously repressed.

"Ngh... I've never had to go this bad..." Tulip whined, leaning against the wall to have some physical support. Everything beneath her retractable plating felt hot and wet, to the point she wasn't even certain if some had leaked out. The last thing she wanted was to embarrass herself in front of Flare, her best friend and someone she found... quite invigorating. Even the laid back bot would certainly be horrified if she had an accident! "I don't even remember drinking that much..."

"Really? You downed quite a few. They must have just gotten away from you." Flare replied, having expected such a remark given how the quantity of liquid she consumed didn't match what had been produced. "Regardless, we're almost there." The blinking numbers signaled only twelve more floors to go, assuming no one else needed the elevator, God forbid.

"If I can last that long..." she whined, sinking down against the wall with a keen of renewed pain. Another spasm hit the soft bladder that was distending her flexible stomach plates, creating a visible swell in testament to her dedication. As determined as she was, the obstacle did seem insurmountable. It felt like everything could pour out at any given moment...

"You've held it for this long, you're not having an accident here." Flare insisted, realizing a moment too late that her emphasis on the last word sounded more than a little odd. Fortunately enough for her, Tulip was too preoccupied holding back a flood to notice any unusual pronunciation. In fact, upon inspection, she appeared too focused to notice anything beyond her painful need to pee. As much as she hated to admit it, that was proving very beneficial to the older femme. In the cramped but well lit elevator, she had a perfect and up close show all to herself, and it was growing impossible not to stare. She found her optics wandering and her mouth watering the final few moments of their ascent.

To her, Tulip was delectable; short and sweet with a precious pink coloration to match, and a body that did nothing but complete the package. A whole head shorter than Flare, the lightly built femme had the biggest and bluest optics on her friendly face, and often unintentionally stunned the older femme just by looking up with those big blue orbs. But her rare pink colored metal and unique proportions, namely her small shoulders and bust accented by broad hips for a more curvy figure, really did Flare in. The heel accents she wore for a bit of additional height were like the icing on an already delicious cake.

In contrast, Flare noted as the finale inched closer, she was quite the opposite. Tall and thickly built with a far more "robust" appearance, the orange accented white femme couldn't help but wonder what fun their physical differences would offer. Her strong arms could easily heft the smaller femme like a doll. The very idea only increased her excitement, and for an instant she wondered what that would be like in the current situation. Could she hold her aloft and spread her legs-

Ping

The door opened wide as they reached the appropriate floor, revealing a thankfully empty hallway. Leading the way, Flare hurried over to the first door on the right, silently putting her plan into its final motion. Pulling her card from her pack, she went to slide it in the monitor beside the door right when Tulip came up beside her, barely able to walk due to her thighs being so tightly squished together.

"Hurry..." the younger femme whimpered, bouncing on the spot and doing an adorable little dance. Her tiny heels tapped out a rapid rhythm as she hopped from foot to foot. "Please hurry..."

You're not helping me focus, Hun... the older femme mused to herself, swiping her identification card with fumbling fingers as she bit her lip. The sounds of desperation from the femme were now closer to her audio receptor than ever, and the hard panting broken only by gasps and keens of near defeat made focusing on anything else close to impossible. Biting her lip, Flare fought against the aroused haze settling over her consciousness, typing in her combination and preparing to act fast. Tulip was stooped over now, her knees bent and her hands squeezing the fork of her legs for dear life. Both femmes felt immediate relief when the door whooshed open, but for far different reasons. Keeping her thighs together, Tulip hurried inside, grateful just to be close to the end of what had nearly been a disaster. Though she hobbled with every tiny step, her expression was still one of triumph.

Staying just behind, Flare slipped a quick hand over her countertop, subtly grabbing a small metallic bracelet in a single motion. Keeping it behind her, she made sure to have it just out of sight but ready to go. Tulip had just crossed a few mere feet when Flare took over, putting an arm around the femme in a gesture of support.

"Here, to the left and down this hall." she instructed, keeping a quick pace for the sake of her friend. Wealthy and tasteful, Flare had a none too small but thankfully streamlined apartment, so they made quick progress. Yet to both it took forever to get past the living room and down said hallway, the distance seeming to stretch in their mutual desperation. Tulip was near to shedding tears upon reaching the bedroom and, at last, the glorious bathroom. She could have wept for real when she finally stumbled in on her friends arm and saw the toilet, its highly polished white porcelain almost glittering in welcome as the lights were turned on. She'd made it...

The sigh of dramatic relief from the young femme told Flare that now was the time to act, and before Tulip could take another step the bracelet was snapped onto her upper arm. In the blink of an optic, the pink femme froze, becoming a living statue just feet from her promised relief.

"F-Flare?" she stuttered, still capable of speech and having felt the touch on her arm, but having no clue what was going on. Commands to move her feet did nothing. A glance of her mobile optics revealed a silver bracelet shining with tiny lights and humming with a strange force. "What did you-"

"It's a system override ring." the older femme explained proudly, circling the frozen younger and standing tall at her front. Misstep and stooped to aid with holding her pee, the younger femme looked even smaller than ever before her towering friend. From her side, she pulled forth a second item, a tiny remote that was just one touchscreen. "And I have the control."

"I... I don't..."

"You've seriously never heard of these?" she replied with somewhat genuine but mostly theatrical surprise. It followed that a bot who was unironically as naive as they came didn't understand BDSM equipment. "They were used just to control convicts once upon a time, until a rather brilliant marketer found they had fantastic potential for... other uses." Going around to Tulip's left, she admired the simple metal band clamped to the upper arm and its pulsing lights. "With this, I have full control over your systems; though there are limits of course. I obviously can't take away your ability to speak or control your essential systems, and all your vitals are kept within a safety zone, but..." She came around to face the femme at her mercy, leaning down and locking their optics with a smirk. "I'm in charge of everything else. Your base temperature, your movements, your waste systems..."

"Okay, I get it, you could make me pee myself if you wanted to. Very funny." Tulip strained in a rush, whining in pain as her desperation loomed without any way to move and alleviate the discomfort. Being in a bathroom made her entire situation so much more agonizing. The toilet was agonizingly close, so much so that she'd only need to take a few tiny steps and turn around.... A high keen forced itself past her lips as the coolant dripped down her forehelm. "Now please, please let me go! It's so much, but I'm gonna lose it soon!"

"Not until you hit your physical limit or I hit this button." Flare countered, pointing to the little control keys on the screen. Tulip watched the older femme hover a digit over a glowing icon shaped like a droplet, her optics wide with awe and a bit of fear. That one single dot was all that stood between her and an accident, and knowing that shouldn't have made her throb down low the way it did.

"Why are you even doing this?" Tulip questioned, sounding far more confused than hurt. Flare was incredibly flirty with everyone, and had hinted quite shamelessly at a wide array of kinks, but she'd never done anything like this. Not to mention the timing! "Is this payback for that old lady joke? I told you, I wasn't-"

"Payback?" Flare laughed, unable to help herself. What she had planned was so incredibly far from unpleasant. "Hun, you asked me for this." she said, returning to circling the femme. "Remember our girls night last month? After a few drinks, you told me... well, a lot of things. One was that you'd always wanted to try another femme-"

"Out of curiosity, nothing else!" Tulip blurted out in her defense, blushing far harder as the memory came back to her in full force. Flare only smirked and kept right on talking. "You also mentioned how desperation was a huge turn on that you wished someone else would someday try with you. I told you that I could help, and you said that you'd like it."

"I-I was drunk!" Tulip countered, wincing at the thought of all those delicious drinks in the face of her bloated bladder. The memory was fuzzy, but not at all incomplete, and she recalled the conversation with a blush of intense pink on her much less saturated face. She could clearly remember how handsy she'd wanted to get too, and had to stumble through an explanation to salvage her crumbling worldview. Not that there was anything wrong with femmes who liked other femmes, but she'd certainly know by now if she was one of them, and she certainly wasn't partial to change. "I didn't mean-"

"Oh, but you did. You weren't wasted, you were loose. Loose enough to be honest." Flare purred, leaving the femme with that thought to go over to the nearby sink. From the bottom drawer beneath it, she took out a small, unassuming box, opening it to reveal two unlinked wrist bands. They resembled her current immobilization device enough for the still desperate femme to worry what could possibly happen next. Flare held one in each palm as she grinned devilishly, letting Tulip ponder her intent before leaving her field of view to act.

"And now I'm going to fulfill my promise." came the tease from behind her. Unable to see what the older femme was doing from her current position, Tulip let out a sound of pained frustration, wanting so badly to move her legs and bounce for just a little bit of relief. Had she known she was being surveyed like a delicious meal, her tune might have changed.

"What does any of that have to do with this?!" she said, unable to even squirm and alleviate some of her pain and growing impossibly impatient to pee. "How am I supposed to enjoy this?!"

"Hun, this is how I'm going to get off."

Tulip felt her jaw drop without her control.

"...What?"

"I'm going to need an orgasm too, fair's fair and all, and watching you have an accident is how I'm going to get it. Not that you won't enjoy it too..." Flare elaborated, smiling at the absolutely floored expression the comment received. Or more importantly, the floored but not at all displeased look her words elicited. She could see the little twinkle in the other's optics; she wanted this on a deep, primal level. Getting that want to the surface was going to be her greatest achievement.

"You're... You're going to make me pee myself? Right here?" Tulip squeaked, watching the older femme step in front of her like some kind of manipulative goddess holding her fate in her palms. Never before had she felt so tiny or so hot, but she attributed that to her body's exertion over any kind of desire on her part.

"Well... not right there, no." Flare replied, lifting the cuffs back up for Tulip to see and dangling them from her fingertips. "I'm going to move you first." The younger femme only gulped, completely at the mercy of her friend and losing her ability to think coherently. Taking Tulip's wrists, Flare pulled them from between the other's legs without resistance, free to move her captive into any position she desired. Tulip let out a moan at the loss of much needed pressure on her crotch; even if she couldn't pee herself at the moment, it sure felt like she could. Yet something about the way the stronger femme took control was so... fascinating.

Snapping a cuff onto each wrist, Flare took the femme by the shoulders, looking her in the optics with a grin as she lifted her so she would stand straight. Such sudden movement drew out a moan at the increased pressure it created down low. Tulip could feel the full swell of her bladder now, the distended bulge making itself known on her usually flat tummy and pressing down like a solid force on the exit. Carefully hefting the immobile femme up by her underarms, Flare moved her to the wall just across from the toilet and to the left of the shower, smirking all the while at her silently shocked friend.

Upon arrival though, Flare suddenly found herself having to make a choice. The cuffs would attach to the wall and restrain Tulip, but she needed to decide if the femme would be facing her or not, and at the moment that choice was a heavy one. Both ways definitely had advantages, but which sounded more appealing once the plating covering the good bits was out of the way? If she had her back to the wall, Tulip would give an excellent show with facial expressions alone, not to mention her small but perky bust bouncing while she struggled to hold...

But, turn the femme around, and she'd get a perfect view of a fat ass jiggling away and a better vantage point to watch the flow when it happened... But of course, given that the greatest draw for her was how the young femme reacted to these situations, it seemed more fitting to focus on her face. Making up her mind, she turned Tulip so she faced away from the wall, lifting up her arms to restrain her. There was a far from unpleasant gasp at the action.

"Do-do I really have to do this?" Tulip asked in a breathless whisper as Flare pushed her wrists against the wall above her head. The heat and fog of before were nothing compared to what she felt as the cuffs were shut. Submission on this level was making her body tremble with feelings she'd never experienced, and somehow her desperation was blending with those emotions for a cocktail that was irresponsible. Need for a whole other kind of release began building in her already busy lower body, making her pant hard to catch her breath. The cuffs latched on to the wall with a magnetic grip, leaving her elbows just a little slack.

The older femme didn't immediately answer her, and instead took her by the chin, making some delicious and electric burst travel up her body. Quite unexpectedly but not undesirably Flare pulled her in for a kiss. Going wide opticed initially at the act of kissing a friend, Tulip relaxed after a few moments of the sensuous touch, closing her optics just as Flare pulled back. It was far beyond her to deny her feelings for the other were just platonic after that...

"Tulip, I'm going to make you feel good in ways you didn't think were possible..." she purred, looking at the femme with a hunger evident in her quick lick of her lips. Giving a quick peck on the submissives cheek, the older femme trailed her lips back to Tulip's audio receptor, whispering to send shivers down the young femmes spinal strut. "And all you've got to do... is have this little accident for me. That's all. And it'll be a great way to try out wetting firsthand, right?"

"But I... I can't..." Tulip whimpered, trying to shake her head on instinct. Now it wasn't because she didn't want to, but... "I can't go with you watching..."

"Pretty soon, you won't have a choice." Flare reasoned, stepping back to give the other some space. It occurred to the bound bot she was being given a real choice. If she really wanted, she could ask insistently to be let go and would probably get what she wished... Yet, why did that idea disappoint her? Why did some little but incredibly powerful part of her want to play along? Perhaps she could... just do that, yes. Play along for as long as she felt like it. The internal decision seemed to register on her features, as evidenced by how Flare lit up, yellow optics gleaming as she picked up the remote to flip through its settings. "I'll leave the timing of things up to you. But for now, let's see... I'll dial up your sensor sensitivity, keep your temperature hovering around cozy... and just for fun, I'll make sure you can't put your thighs together."

More than a little wary of the powerful device, Tulip watched the older femme enter the instructions, quite aware that she could make her lose all control with the touch of a button. That thought reminded her of what she was going to be doing very soon, impossible as it was to believe she could actually pee herself. Blushing, she tried to take her focus away from the soon to be flood from her tank, but to no avail. In her entire adult life, she'd never once come close to having an accident, and had certainly never been this desperate. But now... how much longer could she possibly last? The thought made her still covered privates tingle in nervous anticipation.

"Now be ready hun, once I hit this button, it's up to you to hold it in." Flare said, making the femme tense every synthetic muscle she had even if she couldn't move. Squeezing the area between her legs, she focused all of her willpower on keeping her exit sealed, determined to fight for as long as she could. After all, if she held out long enough, Flare might concede and... why was she thinking like this? Why did she want and not want this at the same time? Perhaps the war between her dignity and desire was what gave the latter so much strength, because she decided to just let each emotion do what it wanted. Right now the present was the only thing that mattered.

Hitting the key, Flare released her from the paralyzation, and Tulip immediately bent down to try and hold it all in. To her great surprise and horror, the urge to pee suddenly grew to be almost unbearable, and she had to squeeze with all of her might to hold it back. What's more, like Flare had said, she had no ability to bring her thighs together, as the programing made pushing them closed as impossible as bringing two similarly charged magnets together. With her hands similiarly restrained, it was all a matter of willpower and clenching her lower body. With clenched dentals, the femme persevered, holding back her pee and not letting even a drop escape by the time the initial rush had passed.

"Impressive." Flare praised, setting the control back down on the sink. Approaching the femme again, she slipped two digits beneath her chin to raise her helm and look at her. "But when you do finally give, we don't want you to make a mess, do we?"

Tulip didn't have an answer, and was far too preoccupied with her problem to think over the meaning. Flare only smirked and released her chin, sinking to her knees so that she was eye level with the femme's squirming hips. Struggling though she was, Tulip still felt a rush of arousal at the closeness, quite aware of the intensity of the other's gaze. It was as if her plating was suddenly see through.

"Keep your hips steady." Flare ordered, sliding a finger beneath either side of the pink codpiece. Just shy of touching the sensitive metal radiating so much heat, the older femme had to resist licking her lips at the scent she caught on her olfactory receptors. It was rich and sweet and made her want so desperately to dive in... Quivering but remaining otherwise still, Tulip let her do as she wished, biting her lip and blushing hot. With a skillful and synchronized flip of her wrists, Flare touched the necessary spots using just enough pressure to trigger a reflex in her submissive, making the entirety of her lower covering retract. Pale pink lips were exposed to the hungry optics before them as a thick behind jiggled freely out of view.

Gasping at her exposure, Tulip couldn't avert her gaze even as the femme leaned in to admire her, no matter how much she should have been trying to focus instead on holding it. A second gasp escaped her when two exploring hands looped around to took a firm hold of her weighty cheeks, squeezing eagerly before sliding forward to massage her thighs. Emitting a shaking sigh, she struggled to focus on holding her pee while dealing with the heavenly burst of delight down low. Even her lust couldn't explain the raw physical pleasure the touch gave her.

"Oh... Why does... why does that feel so good?" she asked in a rush as careful hands stroked up and down her thighs. Relishing in the trails of pleasure Flare's fingers left behind, she arched into the touch, growing increasingly aware but less concerned about her exposure as she became wet with want.

"I tuned up your sensory nodes, remember?" Flare teased, barely keeping her voice straight. Loving the expressions she was earning for such little effort on her part, she couldn't help thinking over how long she'd wanted to do this. Now it was happening and so much better than she'd ever anticipated. "Everything you feel is amplified. Pleasure... pressure."

To demonstrate, she pressed a single finger down on the femmes extended stomach, drawing out a loud keen of surprise from Tulip.

"Okay, okay, I get it!" she gasped, shocked into a state of awareness by how close she'd come to losing it. Something hot may or may not have beaded between her already wet lips, and in the absence of an ability to check on it she whimpered for mercy. "Please don't do that again!"

"Wouldn't dream of it." Flare assured, standing up to look down at her again. Tulip was still sweating, and the coolant on her chest reminded her there was another phase to her plans. "But now that you're bare down there..." She scanned her optics more thoroughly over the pink femmes chest covering, where two rounded plates kept her small breasts protected and supported. As desperate as she was, Tulip immediately saw her intentions. Gulping, she felt her blush intensify and her arousal fog her brain further, to the point she wasn't sure how she was holding it while so preoccupied. Flare had actually seen her bare chested before, but it had never been in a situation like this. Taking her into her arms, Flare reached around to the femmes sides, trying not to tickle so that she could avoid making her pee too soon.

When she found what she was looking for, Flare wasted no time flicking two other pressure pounts, but took her sweet time pulling back once her prize was exposed. Relishing in the steady reveal of the femmes bust, she reveled in the appearance of the soft mesh breasts to the open air, their nozzles stiff at attention. Even the soft and smooth material was flushed hot pink at the exposure. Smirking, she dropped her face and kissed the tip of the left, swirling her tongue around it and sucking gently.

"Ohhh..." Tulip moaned in absolute ecstasy, relishing at being touched in ways she'd only imagined before no matter how unexpected it was. Her overpowered nodes magnified the pleasure created by the skillful femme's tongue tenfold, almost allowing her to entirely forget her pressing needs down low. A sound of loss escaped her when the attention stopped, but it was quickly replaced by whines of pain when she came back down to earth and remembered her current predicament. Stepping back, Flare stopped to just stand and admire the naked and desperate beauty before her, trailing her optics over the femmes curves and gazing at her exposed privates with impossible want.

"Well, while we're waiting..." Flare announced after she'd finished soaking in the sights, nearly breathless and flushed a bright orange from it all. Recalling her next phase of action, she felt a surge of electric pleasure and excitement travel up and down her body, to the point she nearly stumbled over her words as well as her feet.

"I think I'll get some relief of my own." she said at last, backing up to the toilet and taking slow, deliberate steps to tease the desperate femme. Realizing what she was doing just as Flare prepared to sit down, Tulip let out a whine and desperately tried to squeeze her thighs together once more, tormented by what she couldn't have but also overwhelmed by what she was about to see.

"Flare! That's just mean!"

"I don't see why." Flare replied with a laugh. Consciously retracting her pelvic covering, she bared her plump white lips with pride. The way her audience widened her optics to such an impossible degree at the sight was more than a little flattering. Spreading her long legs, she sat down slowly, feeling a tingle in her urethra as her own modest hold sensed release. Keeping her legs parted wide to give the other femme an unobstructed view between her powerful thighs, watching her reactions all the while, Flare felt almost giddy as she watched the reactions to her show. Her poor captive was almost going from pink to green with envy.

"You can let go any time you want. All you've got to do is relax, and..." Closing her optics, Flare let out a sigh as she let go of all the drinks she'd had at their meal, taking a moment to get a flow going with her arousal. Clenching down just a tad, she was rewarded with a steady but leisurely flow in seconds, one that arced sluggishly from her pussy. The unmuffled pattering of urine hitting porcelain rang out loud and clear in the bathroom, followed by the trickling as it splashed and flowed downwards into the waiting water. Another long and overdramatic sigh accompanied the release.

"Flare, come on!" Tulip pleaded the instant she got her voice back, which happened to come from an envious spasm rocking her bladder. The bulging storage space wasn't at all happy to see what it couldn't have, and to keep it from emptying she resorted to what little was at her disposal, bouncing and pulling on her restraints. She doubted anyone would have been able to take the sound and sight of sweet relief so tantalizingly close in her current state. Flare ignored her and spread her legs wider while leaning back, giving her a perfect show of the steady flow from her lips.

Tulip, normally too bashful to watch such a private act, couldn't force her optics away. The loud hiss accompanying the visible stream seemed to taunt her, tempting her with the unimaginable relief that was all too easy to achieve. Sweat began beading all along her body once more, collecting quickly in response to her exertion and high temperature. In a cruel twist, some began tickling her heightened nodes as it dribbled down her inner thighs, reminding her far too much of another bodily fluid. Breathing hard and fast, she squeezed down low with renewed vigor, but it was too much and for an instant she went beyond a breaking point "I'm... I-I can't... Ah... Ah!"

A single spurt squeezed past her lips, spraying from the intense pressure so that only a few drops made it directly to the ground. The rest splashed onto the inside of the femmes thighs, making her optics go wide as she felt the hot liquid fill the crevices of her lips and run in heated pathways down to her ankles. A shock of stimulants filled her veins as the pee chilled, her overpowered sensory nodes allowing her to feel the damp trails every individual drop had left down her legs. A deep sense of shame and shock settled over her at the realization of what she'd just done. For the first time in her adult life, her body had relieved itself against her will. Even if it was only a few drops, the rush was dizzying, and another kind of wetness renewed its presence between her legs.

"And so it begins." Flare announced, finishing up her modest stream with a final spurt. Not bothering to wipe and picking up an unremarkable box from the sink beside her, she let Tulip watch in renewed fascination. A pretty little vibrator fell into her palm, and was so obviously built for its intended purpose even the naive femme knew straight away what she was looking at. Widening her entrance with one hand, Flare turned the device on with a click of her thumb, making it hum almost eagerly in her palm. Keeping herself open with two fingers, she inserted the curved length to the base, holding the entire thing in place with one hand so that its extending "bunny ears" firmly hugged her clit. A small moan escaped her at the delightful sensations, and she settled comfortably on the seat to enjoy the lovely sight before her.

Putting her head down at the overwhelmingly hot image, Tulip returned all of her attention to not losing control again, knowing she would if she watched the other pleasing herself so erotically. Wishing she could squeeze her thighs together to aid herself, she tried to ignore the humming so apparent in the air. Whatever the override device was doing to her, it really made it nearly impossible to have her thighs any less than two inches from each other, which was only making things even more difficult. Regardless, she had to work with it, and she was confident in her ability to do so. Shifting her weight from side to side, she tried to focus on anything but her need to release, knowing that Flare was thoroughly enjoying watching her. But hey, if she got an orgasm before she lost control, then what need was there to torment her any longer? She'd truly be quite content knowing she brought the other to climax...

The only sound in the room that followed for a solid minute was the gentle hum of the vibrator and the labored ventilations and grunts from the ailing femme. Sitting back and relaxing, Flare relished in the steady stimulation of her clit to go with the image before her, feeling her whole body heating up with arousal. She'd fantasized about this for quite some time, and to finally have it happen for real was beyond anything her imagination could have ever created.

Watching the femme bounce and whimper in defiance to her body's needs, Flare couldn't resist the urge to mess with Tulip a little more, if only to make things more interesting for them both. Leaning over in her seat to the sink on her left, she turned the knob on to start a steady flow of water, watching for Tulip's reaction all the while. With surprising speed, she snapped her head up at the sight, locking her optics on the source of the noise and then moaning in near agony.

"Flare, come on! It's bad enough... that you... peed when I can't... Oooh!" Straining from sheer effort, Tulip began ventilating hard in her struggle to maintain control, sweating harder from the toll it took on her. The pressure on her pussy had been painful before, but the teasing sound of running water made it impossible for her to blot out any of that overwhelming urgency, and instead made her all too aware of how easy it would be to relieve it. Now shameless, she began hopping from one foot to another in a degrading but somewhat effective potty dance to ease her suffering, feeling the contents of her full tank slosh around inside her. Biting her lip to restrain a moan, Flare felt her sweet spot let out a surge of pleasure at the provocative sight.

But it wasn't enough, not yet...

Reaching back over to the sink, Flare pulled the stopper down, letting some water pool before she slowed the flow to a thin stream. The resulting trickling sounded painfully similar to a sluggish urine stream splashing into water, and Flare could only smirk as she watched her torment take effect.

"No no no nooo..." Tulip moaned in weak defiance, letting out a plethora of pained squeals. A keen of despair passed her lips as a familiar hot dampness appeared at the fork of her legs, and she realized she was losing once more. The thought made her tummy surge with butterflies that did nothing to help her situation beyond making it feel so impossibly good. Something raw and primal was taking over, and despite a lifetime of staying in the lines that absolutely thrilled her.

That's it hun... That's it... Flare mused to herself, massaging the toy in circles over her sweetest spots. A generous amount of lubrication from her arousal made it much easier. Her optics were locked on the meeting point of the femmes legs, waiting for the inevitable waterfall while also enjoying her adorable pussy moving with her every step. The bouncing of her breasts added more fuel to her lecherous thoughts as she set them free. Let it flow...

A hot squirt of pee jetted out with an accompanying hiss, splashing against the floor and creating a fist sized puddle on contact. Tulip gasped and reflexively clamped down with renewed vigor, but couldn't stop a second leak in the wake of the first. Rather than coming out in a clean spurt, this one sprayed as a result of her squirming, and her inner thighs were once again covered in a splash of urine. A loud gasp escaped her as the hot liquid rolled and dripped off her legs, making her feel damp and slick as it collected around her feet.

The itchy wetness she felt was made worse as she became aware of a previously undetectable draft, and with it she felt the cold drops meander their way to the floor. Thighs quivering, she realized that the leaks hadn't even offered any relief, and she now had to go even more than before. Groaning, she bounced on the spot, trying desperately not to step in any of her own miniature puddles. God she had to pee! She didn't even know it was possible to be this desperate!

"Flare please..." she begged, hoping to appeal to the femmes sense of mercy. A stubborn and well cultivated sense of shame refused to allow her to submit, and to placate it she pleaded for a toilet, no matter how good it felt to see Flare watch her so intently. "I have to go so bad..."

"I know..." Flare replied, a little strained from her mounting sensations of pleasure. A delightful tingling had begun to fill her from her hips to her feet, and between such wonderful feelings and the tell tale coil she knew her body was getting quite close to its climax. "And we both know how you can fix that."

Whimpering with pain, Tulip felt herself facing the reality of having an accident with far more weight, and could barely process it. Flare was bound to be hitting her peak soon, but could she really last that long? The device magnified all sensations, including the ones currently tormenting her from between her legs, and she doubted she could stand much more of the unnatural level of desperation. It was as if a full waterfall was sealed up inside her belly, and was ramming itself against her tiny hole until she would inevitably fail.

Despite her own common sense, she looked back to the still running water of the sink, and her optics fixated on the thin trickle of clear, sparkling water flowing into the gathered pool. On a desperation induced whim, her mind conjured up the image of said stream flowing out of her, bringing with it the thought of heavenly relief from her current nightmare. God, it would be so easy too... Just a matter of spreading her thighs and letting it all go. Why was it important to hold it in anyway? It wasn't like she was in public or anything, and it would be quite easy to clean up once she was done, not to mention that Flare was waiting for it in the first place. Why torment herself any longer?

Unable to ignore the logic of the argument and too far gone to even try and debate it, she spread her knees and closed her optics, giving in to her primal needs and relaxing everything keeping it in.

A powerful stream started up without hesitation, arcing neatly and pattering against the tile floor to join with her previously collected puddles. A loud sigh of absolute satisfaction, so intense it bordered on a moan of ecstasy, slipped from her as her body finally got the relief it had yearned for. Even after only two seconds of peeing she felt infinitely better. She was tempted to moan again from the feeling of relief, but stopped when her own conscious thought finally broke through the haze of satisfaction.

No no no! You're a grown femme and you're peeing yourself! Stop!

Crying out, she tried to force her exhausted muscles to close down and stop her own self created accident, struggling immediately with her legs unable to cross and aid with the efforts. To her horror, the stream didn't just cease like the previous leaks, and the still surging torrent collided with her quaking legs to cascade down them in thick rivulets, soaking them in full. Keening in fright at the surge of uncontrollable heat, she ignored her dripping legs and focused only on stopping her accident.

Managing to make the flow fluctuate, she finally stopped it entirely, but was left standing in a lopsided puddle and even more desperate for relief than ever before. Dripping from the hips down, she resorted to whatever method she could to hold in her pee, no longer in control of her vocal chords as she let out a new sound with every movement. It felt like the entire worlds water supply was weighing down on the fork of her thighs, and she couldn't even cross her legs to relieve the pressure!

Watching the entire display through lidded optics, Flare had to bite her hand to keep back a moan, feeling her orgasm drawing near. She was holding it off for as long as possible, waiting for the desperate femme to finally give in so she could synchronize her finish with the perfect sight to go with it. Thankfully enough, she knew she didn't have to wait much longer.

Tulip felt hot tears of agony in the corner of her optics, but she ignored them with what little willpower she had left. Flare was close, she could tell just by looking at her, and surely she only had to hold on for a few more minutes. Until then she'd stay in this confusing blend of pain and need and pleasure she couldn't hope to comprehend. Just being on display was something she had never known would be so intriguing...

Suddenly she became aware of a new sensation spreading outward from between her legs, filling her with a warm feeling that she couldn't identify. At first, she passed it off as just being a part of her body's torment, only to then come to the rather surprising truth. Her body didn't care about her dignity or about the promise of a few minutes wait, it wanted full relief, it wanted it now, and it was going to get it whether she liked it or not. The primal need she'd felt was taking over completely. Despite her resistance, the sensation continued to spread, and all she could do was stand and let her body take over. She was helpless in the face of nature.

Ventilating hard, Flare immediately recognized the femmes subtle but undeniable change in demeanor, and saw it as what she'd been waiting for all along. Oh hun, yes... Let it happen, I'm ready for you...

Tulip took quick, panicky ventilations as she felt herself losing control, letting out a string of increasingly high pitched cries until she finally felt her body take over in full. In one swift movement, she spread her legs wide and swung her hips forward, letting out a keen of defeat as she lost the war with her bladder and started to pee.

The hissing that accompanied the jet of urine was loud enough to be impressive, and the spattering as it collided with the floor was even more so. Tulip had imagined that if she ever were to have an accident, it would be met with tears and shame, not to mention a full struggle until the end. But at that moment, with the source of all her pain cascading out of her, she could only tilt her head back and moan in delight, giving in entirely to her body's need. Just as the device had magnified her pain while holding if, it magnified her relief while urinating, sending waves of nearly orgasmic pleasure throughout her entire body that sent her soaring high. The ocean she'd been holding back surged out with power genuinely impressive to behold, participants for such a tiny femme, much to the benefit of her audience.

Watching the femme finally give in, Flare felt her own release come at last, her pussy clenching rhythmically in a fantastic orgasm that filled her entire body. Hurrying, she turned off the sink, wanting to hear nothing but the sweet sound of flowing urine. Moaning in absolute ecstasy, she traced her optics over Tulip's beautiful form, hips spasming on the toilet seat as she drank it all in. The younger femme had lolled her head against her arm, her jaw going slack and her optics closing in overwhelming pleasure as she finally settled back in an exhausted daze to enjoy her relief. Her legs weren't even supporting her weight as she kept them spread, instead she was hanging freely from her bonds.

Moving her gaze downward, Flare focused on the pee still flowing freely from between Tulip's quivering and parted thighs, fixating her optics on the lovely sight and listening intently to the sweet hiss as it charged out of the femme. The sparkling yellow stream flowed cleanly from Tulip's lips to the floor, creating such a perfect sight she wished that she could stick a hand, or any part of herself, beneath it. The small puddles beneath Tulip had since been engulfed by one single miniature lake that continued to grow, encircling her feet and going beyond. A few stray rivulets slid straight down her thighs, intermingling with the sweat that had collected there and dropping down to join the puddle below.

Coming down from the initial high of the release but still dazed from the euphoria, Tulip opened her optics and lifted her head, spiraling back down to earth with confusion as to how she could feel so good. A feeling of wonderful relief was surging from down low, and a hot wetness was cascading down her legs in thick rivulets to tickle the sensitive mesh there. With optics still lidded, she followed the source of thr loud hissing and looked down past her breasts and tummy to observe herself directly.

A stream squirted away from the meeting point of her thighs and splashed into a puddle at her feet, with a few smaller trickles from the same source racing down her legs. She also felt hot spurts squirting backward between her ass cheeks, creating a strange but not at all unpleasant sensation as it dribbled down her cheeks to drip down the less affected backs of her thighs. It took her a moment to put the pieces together in her haze, but she was eventually able to recall everything, including her audience as she continued the longest pee of her life.

Truthfully, she didn't even feel ashamed. There was no room for anything in her besides relief as her bladder continued to shrink. Hanging her head to the other side with a renewed sigh, she remained limp on her feet, relying on the support of her cuffed wrists to keep her standing. Opening her optics just a but, she looked down and watched herself pee, a bit amazed at how much she'd made. A puddle beneath her reflected so clearly that she could not only see her face, but the inside of her legs as well, letting her watch the stream pour out from between her lips. The clear yellow fluid had spread far on the white tile, and she realized then that she was standing right in the middle of a genuinely impressive lake. Casting her optics upward to Flare, she saw that the femme had since come down from her orgasm, and was now watching her limply as she enjoyed the afterglow.

"Goodness hun, you had to pee didn't you?" she commented after the femme didn't slow down after a solid minute, her overworked bladder still pushing out its contents eagerly.

"Mhmm..." Tulip murmured bashfully, uncertain herself of where it all could have come from. She could more or less feel the gaze on her privates, and the sensation of being watched during something so intimate admittedly heightened her sense of submission. It was as if she was peeing for the other femme, and that idea was far from unpleasant, even in her exhausted state. Leaning her head against her arm, she actually smiled dreamily as she signed once again, feeling herself drop below the halfway mark.

At the first sound of her hissing stream fluctuating from its impressive spray, Tulip looked down once more to check her progress. Her own puddle was still growing, but her stream had finally begun to ebb, and true relief started to settle in as it did so. At last, the flow slowed to a trickle, but stopped abruptly. Flare clicked her tongue in disapproval.

"Oh come on... I know you've got more than that. Let it all out."

Blushing at being caught, Tulip closed her optics, hesitating for a few moments before pushing out the rest. A steady trickle about as thick as a pencil, started up, dribbling down to tinkle against the puddle below. The delicate stream sent small droplets splashing onto the femmes ankles, going for about twenty seconds before stopping. When the last drop had fallen, Tulip went completely limp where she stood, standing in her drained ocean and dripping her from the waist down. Tired, vulnerable, naked and impressively wet, she wanted nothing more than to wipe herself down and go to bed. Hearing footprints splashing toward her, she looked up to see a very satisfied face looking down at her, one on a femme equally naked from the waist down.

"You were perfect, hun." Flare praised, unsnapping the ring off her limp shoulder. Tulip blinked in tired confusion, unaware just how much she'd delighted her friend. The squirming, the leaks, struggling even when she was already soaked, and then finally giving in only when her body couldn't take any more... God, it was a good thing Flare had recorded it all with her internal gray box. This would be ideal masturbation fodder for months. Unlocking the femme's restraints, she caught her as she fell, supporting her against herself. "Now come on, let's get you cleaned up..."

"Okay." Tulip rasped, letting herself be half dragged to the large shower in her dazed state. Flare opened the sliding door and guided her in, and the thought of a warm wash was too good to hesitate accepting. Her entire body felt tingly as she sat her wet behind on a stone bench, still exhausted but not yet satisfied as she pondered everything that had just happened. Unexpected as it may have been, she felt good, and perhaps it was just the relief but she smiled softly as the other closed the shower door with them both inside. "What now?"

"I have plans." Flare said idly, grabbing the handheld shower head and turning it to a warm spray. A devilishly enticing smile lit up her face as she brought it over, the same expression she'd had when all of this began. "Let me show you how I'll pay you back..."

