Turnabout Tinkle (Ace Attorney)

Author: Captain L

*000*2018-12-27 18:15

Author's note: Considering that MasterXploder will be the primary consumer of this story, it's only fair that's where the editing was done.

###

Splash. Splash. Splash.

The crashing of the waterfall into the flowing river was the only sound reverberating through young Pearl Fey's ears. Being so close to Kurain Village, the waterfall was a landmark to those with a voice beyond the living, as the women of the Fey family had. Their bloodline was one of a long chain of spirit mediums, and as such, would often make pilgrimages to this waterfall in their training, where they would sit under the crashing water to meditate and improve their concentration and extra-sensory awareness.

However, Pearl was not the one undergoing training at the moment, not when someone far more important was honing her skills: Pearl's cousin, Mystic Maya Fey, the last surviving member of the main family back to take her birthright. Clad in white robes, Maya remained perfectly still as gallons of water crashed on her head, meditating to improve her concentration and extra-sensory awareness. Pearl was just here as support.

That wasn't to say that she was working on her concentration herself, just of an entirely different kind. Pearl and Maya had departed down the trail out of the village shortly after a juice-filled breakfast, a meal that was in itself shortly after waking for the morning. Now, while she had no way of knowing the current time, the growling in her stomach indicated that it was past lunchtime, as did the ache and discomfort a little lower.

Splash. Splash. Splash.

"Nngh." Clenching her teeth under a frown, Pearl shifted her bottom's weight around, scraping her bare legs against the rough branches and small rocks in the riverside dirt. A lot of fluids in her system, plus the visual and auditory stimulation from the river, was doing the little girl's bladder no favors. Against her better wishes, she pressed her open palms against her skirt, putting pressure against her little locked-away secret, hoping it would satisfy her need for the time being.

Dun-dun-dun dudun du-du-du-dun!

The sudden, loud tone from directly beside Pearl didn't help either. On edge and wholly not expecting the noise, she leapt with a high-pitched yelp, eyes widened with shrunken pupils, looking directly at the source, some small pink device, Maya brought it with her. "You scared me," she scolded, twisting her legs together this time. After all, she had just experienced the first breakdown of a failing bladder, with a small patch of warmth across her underwear.

Meanwhile, Maya's eyes opened at the chime, breaking her long, silent concentration. "Oh, time's up!" Uncrossing her legs, she stood up under the full force of the waterfall, stepping out and allowing the excess water to drip off her robe. "I'm sorry for making you wait so long through something so boring, Pearly."

Pearl shook her head. "I don't mind, Mystic Maya. It's an honor to help the future Master in her training. That's what Mother taught me."

Closing the distance between herself and her little cousin, Maya gave a few head pats to Pearl, the drips of water moistening Pearl's brown hair loops, sliding down onto her pink robe. "Well, then I guess I should thank Aunt Morgan for your manners, Pearly. Still, I don't want to keep you here when you could be doing something fun." Maya knelt down to pick up her pink device, spreading her arms wide to air out her white robe. "What's this thing made of, that it doesn't turn see-through when it gets wet?"

"S-sorry, Mystic Maya, I don't know." Pearl slowly rose to her feet, all too eager to return to Kurain Village, where there would be a toilet waiting for her. She needed the bathroom really bad, as her body wasted no time reminding her, the strain of changing position causing a repeat of her earlier tiny leak, causing her underwear to turn warm once more. Her muscles tensed in a panicked frenzy, desperate to ensure that little squirt would be the only relief she'd be getting now.

A second trickle followed soon after, doubling Pearl's resolve to stay dry, and that was that. She had successfully managed to avoid an accident, at least for the time being. "B-but I'd like to return home quickly."

Maya chuckled. "I get it, Pearly. You've got toys to play with at home, it's gotta be better than sitting by a river, watching your cousin do nothing for hours on end."

"N-no, it's not that, Mystic Maya! It's an honor to watch your technique! It's just...another thing."

Maya stared down Pearl for a short time, looking her over for some kind of insight, causing Pearl to clam up and keep quiet. Eventually, Maya was the one that needed to relent, giving up the search with a shrug. "I'm no good at reading people. I'd make for a terrible interrogator. I don't know how Nick does it." Taking the lead, Maya lifted the long hem of her robe to keep it from catching all manner of dirt as she began the trek down the narrow path back to Kurain Village.

Pearl followed, but with a drastically different gait. In contrast to Maya's cheerful trot, Pearl could barely bend her joints in her quest to keep her muscles tense, lest they allow a little more tinkle out through their grasp. She stepped like a wooden doll without knees, limited to small shuffling as her sandals scraped scratches in the soil. If she spread her legs too far, she was afraid her body would take that as permission to do whatever it wanted.

Pearl did not have much in way of experience holding vast amounts of urine. Her mother didn't allow her to go out on her own, and without any friends her own age, much of her time was spent in the Fey manor by herself, where a toilet was only a few rooms away. Even when she was busy playing, Pearl just wasn't the kind of girl who would put off her need for relief. She had to pee, she went pee.

All that meant she was untrained at coping with the growing pressure near her stomach, just begging to be released. It hurt, that was the only way to put it, and she just wasn't capable of handling it. Her bladder just wanted the torment to end, and it was making all the motions to force that outcome with spurt after spurt after warm spurt, dampening her undies to very uncomfortable levels.

In any case, Pearl could already tell; she was not going to make it the long walk home dwelling on her intense need. She needed some kind of distraction, and just her luck, she had a cousin with many exciting tales to tell from the big city. "Mystic Maya, tell me more about Mr. Nick."

"You really like hearing about Nick, don't you, Pearly?"

"I'm just happy you have a special someone that takes good care of you," Pearl grinned, hiding her cheeks in her open palms as her eyes practically sparkled with glee.

Placing an index finger on the side of her mouth, Maya looked upwards as she walked, pondering over Pearl's request. "The thing is, when you've already heard the story about how he questioned a parrot, everything else seems tame by comparison. I don't know what story I have left that would interest you."

"I-I don't mind! I just like hearing about you two! Any story is fine!" So long as she had something to think about, besides the constant pounding of her struggling bladder, demanding more and more concentration by the second to avoid a total accident. As it stood now, even Pearl, wholly inexperienced in holding her pee, could tell she would stand no chance making it back home with any of the color white left on her underwear.

"Well, let me think...oh, did you hear about Gourdy up here in the mountains?"

"Of course I know about gourds! We grow our own vegetables up here, you know that, Mystic Maya!"

"No, that's not quite it, Pearly. See, there's a place near the law office called Gourd Lake, and me and Nick found a big monster in it during Christmas!"

"Wait, there was a monster?! Like, a real monster?!"

"Well...not that time. But just because this one was just a Steel Samurai balloon doesn't mean the beast isn't out there, waiting to make his public debut! And when he does, me and Lotta will be the first there! Oh, I don't think I've ever told you about Lotta. See, she's a photographer that me and Nick met over Christmas last year, waiting on the beach for a scoop on Gourdy..." Maya continued to share the experience, interspersed with her thoughts on the great creature of the lake.

Pearl listened intently, happy to have something else on her mind...for a few seconds, at least. Now it was dawning on her that, no, having something else to listen to was not going to make this struggle any easier. In fact, it was just the opposite. She couldn't just ignore her bladder while losing herself in the tale, or else she wouldn't be able to maintain her hold. No matter what, she had to fixate at least a little on her massive volume of pee. But now Maya was talking, and Pearl needed to listen. Now, her attention was split, the pain in her abdomen was too great to ignore even in the slightest, and she couldn't focus as fully on keeping it safely in her body.

With distractions from all angles like that, it was only a matter of time before Pearl's condition worsened. It was already bad, her undies were damp, drenched, and disgusting, but it had nothing on what was transpiring beneath her robe now. A powerful jet of urine shot from her, piercing straight through her panties, jetting straight down into the dirt between her sandals, with a more-than-concerning amount getting caught on the fabric of her undergarments, diminishing its momentum enough to snake down her leg, out of sight but not out of mind, at least not for Pearl.

Meanwhile, oblivious to the emergency her little cousin was suffering through, Maya was continuing her story. "And then the old guy said me and Nick could have his noodle shop, and-"

"Aaaah!" Faced with the tepid trickle renewing the real fear that she might have an accident right in front of the matriarch of the Fey family, Pearl could do nothing but shout in surprise at the sensation of her clothing becoming further wet.

That outburst was bound to make Maya stop talking. With a more natural stride, she had ended up a few feet ahead, but as soon as she heard the cry, she stopped walking, turning to face Pearl with a concerned expression. "What is it, Pearly?"

She had spent the whole ordeal vehemently refusing to let Maya in on her desperation, but a lapse in judgment following her mind going blank in the surge of adrenaline put that desire as far away from her mind as humanly possible. Without even a thought, entirely on instinct, Pearl's little hands shot under her skirt and clenched her panties tight, squeezing the wetness onto her fingers and palms. Her eyes were clenched just as tight, growing damp as well from a different bodily fluid. At this point, she was in pain, she couldn't care less about keeping it a secret any longer. "Mystic Maya, I gotta tinkle, bad! I really can't hold it!"

Maya looked over Pearl for what felt like eternity, who could do nothing but continue her potty dance under the stress. Soon enough, it wouldn't matter whether she told Maya about her predicament or not, as the final unpleasant result would be displayed for both to see in a matter of seconds. Just before that deadline struck, Maya's eyes widened, as the core problem dawned on her. "You don't have any idea how to go to the bathroom outside, do you, Pearly?"

While her stepping had been repeatedly punctuated with grunts and squeaks, that question stunned Pearl into a full silence. "W-why would I know something like that? That's not possible...is it?"

Maya nodded. "Yep, it certainly is! And it looks like you're gonna need to learn quick if you don't want to walk back into Kurain Village with your clothes all soaked."

Pearl shifted her weight from side to side uncomfortably, the additional movement visible even amongst her constant motion. "I...I really don't know, Mystic Maya...it sounds kind of wei-" Even as she was voicing her concern, her body thought differently, and was not taking no for an answer. Another spurt of pee, larger than the last big leak, shot straight through her panties into her hands, warming them considerably. That was the sign, Pearl had pushed her bladder to its limit, and the next forced spurt would be every ounce of pee in her, and she panicked. "W-what do I do?! Hurry!"

Despite Pearl's frantic plea, Maya remained calm. "Are you sure? It's going to be kind of embarrassing the fir-"

"I don't care! I'll do it! Help, please!" Tears started visibly flowing down Pearl's cheeks as she shuddered violently, desperately holding on to the final strands of her composure.

"Okay, the first step is to lift your robe up and pull your underwear down to your knees." Knowing that this was the most awkward part, both to talk about and to do, Maya decided that the best way to offset any hesitation was to demonstrate it was no big deal. Looking around to ensure there was no one to witness, as unlikely as it would be, Maya took a few tiny steps to the side to directly face Pearl, to give her the best view for what would follow. She opened the front of her white meditation robe at the waist, still wet, revealing her bare legs and pure white panties in Pearl's direction. Using her forearms to keep the edges of the robe off to the side, the thumb and forefinger on each hand surrounded the waist band of her underwear, pulling the item down to her knees.

Maya looked up, and found that her assurance was not needed; Pearl had already done the exact same thing as her, white skirt lifted and robe pushed back, and underwear shoved down to her knees, where they were held up by her legs spread apart starting at the joint. The only significant difference was the color of the panties; while Pearl's were also naturally white, they were currently heavily discolored yellow and dirty. And the frequent drops falling into the suspended garment like a localized rainfall were doing the cleanliness no favors, splashing in every direction once collision was made. Pearl was done with shame or modesty, she was just ready to go. "What do I do next, Mystic Maya?"

"Just squat down like this." Maya bent her knees, wobbling, barely keeping her balance with one hand used to keep her underwear in place and the other keeping her robe's hanging flaps behind her back, lowering herself until her rear end was only a few inches above the ground, spreading her feet as far as she could without stretching out her panties. Now, with her panties held by her knees and friction from the soil keeping her robe in place, she could hug her arms around her legs and pull her torso in close. At the same time, Pearl was watching her cousin intently, copying every motion, just faster and with better balance, thanks to less burgers in the diet. "And then you just-"

"Aah, not yet!" Maya suddenly realized that maybe expecting Pearl to wait was asking too much of the little girl, considering the circumstances. As soon as she was squatting, like a natural response, warm golden urine began jetting from Pearl's privates, crashing against the dirt and rapidly forming a foamy puddle, expanding outwards with a loud hiss. Pearl's face flushed bright red, and she struggled to look Maya in the eye. "I-I'm sorry, Mystic Maya, but I couldn't wait any longer!"

"No, no, it's okay, Pearly. I was just going to say you can go to the bathroom now."

In the clear, Pearl let her eyelids fall and sighed in relief at the knowledge that she had succeeded...which then became much longer and louder than she had planned, with how much relief had to be expressed in that gasp. This was it, far too long spent containing a bladder filled like an inflated ball, when all hope seemed lost and she was sure she would have an accident, she got to relieve herself without doing it through her panties. It was a miracle.

A very wet miracle. She could hardly be more thankful that she wasn't peeing herself, because it would have been a huge mess. Pee just kept coming out in a flow Pearl could best compare to waiting for her tub to fill to take a bath. The pool grew larger and larger, its boundaries spreading in all directions, surrounding the edges of Pearl's sandals. The fluid was soaking into the dirt, but not nearly fast enough to handle the volume the Fey girl was forcing out. Her breath was ragged as she panted heavily, over and over. The chilly air so close to the river caused a heat difference enough for a slightly-visible steam to emanate off the pee puddle, the smell was hardly pleasant, and the noise was practically deafening, a cacophony of hissing and splashing making Pearl's ears ring.

Yet, maybe because she was on high alert for anyone who would see her doing something this inappropriate, Pearl was still able to hear something else, like running water, but drastically different than her own. She wasn't going to find an answer with her eyes closed, and needed to open them to solve the mystery.

That was when she saw her big cousin, Mystic Maya, current head of the Fey clan, taking her own little whiz on the ground. "Haaaahhh..." Maya had a small smile on her face as she enjoyed the feeling of relieving her own bladder. Of course, it had nothing on Pearl's pee in terms of power or quantity, Maya didn't need to go that bad, but it still seemed rather nice.

Even if it was no different than her own actions, ones she had only taken thanks to prompting from the girl in front of her, Pearl had a hard time accepting that the cousin ten years her senior was also turning the woods into her little medium's room. "You needed to tinkle too, Mystic Maya?"

"Eheheh...yeah, kinda," Maya giggled. "Sitting still that whole time gave me a lot of time to fill up, and being in water didn't make it any easier. Depending on how long the walk back to the village took, I was thinking about asking whether you minded if I just went. At least this way, it's both of us."

Her question answered, Pearl nodded, and had no means of continuing the conversation. As such, the next minute was nothing but silence, outside the rushing pee each girl was taking and the occasional moans that accompanied them. The ecstasy when Pearl's bladder first began draining was beautiful, but by now, the bliss had worn off, and it just felt boring, being anchored to the spot until she was finished. It gave her plenty of time to grow fearful that someone may discover them in their most exposed state.

That anxiety didn't last long, thankfully. Pearl's power pee dwindled into one more closely resembling Maya's, who was also finishing up around the same time, where they both tapered off to nothing at almost the same moment. Of course, that was the only similarity. Despite the size difference between the two, Maya's puddle was by far the smaller, a true testament to Pearl's hidden strength. "Wow, how does someone your size hold that much, Pearly? Um, you don't have anything to wipe with, like tissues or something, do you?"

"No, I don't have anything. Sorry, Mystic Maya."

"You don't need to apologize. And there's no loose leaves anywhere nearby, either...guess I'll just need to live with a little bit of wetness on my panties." Wiggling her butt to shake off any larger drops sticking to her, Maya jumped back to her feet, sliding her underwear back around her waist, and pulled her robe back around her legs to properly cover her. If it weren't for the small puddle in the dirt, she wouldn't look remiss in the slightest.

Pearl wasn't so quick in redressing herself, not with her own panties staring her in the face, just as dirty as when she pulled them off. Some part of her questioned whether it was worth attempting to wear them again, or if she should just leave them behind. She went back and forth on the matter a few times, but in the end, concluded that not having underwear was just wrong. That final decision did nothing to make putting them back on any easier, still so wet, a tactile reminder of how much of an emergency she had. And the time separated from her warm body chilled the soaked patch, severely multiplying the discomfort experienced. Pearl winced and grimaced as she made herself as presentable as possible.

Once the two were back to normal, Maya closed the distance and placed a hand on Pearl's shoulder. "You feel better now, Pearly?"

"Um...kind of. I like not having to go potty any more, but I feel so gross."

"Well then, let's hurry back to the manor so you can change and take a bath." Maya took Pearl's hand, and began leading the two back in the direction of Kurain Village. It was a good thing she had a guide, because Pearl paid no attention to the journey, looking straight down at her feet.

A silence permeated the air, with nothing besides wind and shoes hitting earth to break it. Pearl wasn't in the mood to talk, and Maya wasn't going to force it. However, curiosity was burning a hole through the younger Fey's chest, and before long, it was too intense to ignore. "Mystic Maya, why do you know how to go tinkle outside?"

"Well, believe it or not, I was in your exact shoes a long time ago. I went with my sister to the waterfall to watch her training, and I couldn't wait long enough on the way back. So sis taught me, the same way I taught you. She said mom taught her when she was my age, when I was your age. So, consider it a secret Fey family technique."

"Is it useful to know? Am I going to need to do this again," Pearl asked, an air of disappointment evident.

"Well, it's saved me a few times in my life, I can't deny that. Nothing beats good preparation, but sometimes, it's just out of your control. It isn't something you should talk about, but it's just a fact of life." Maya shrugged, unsure what else to say.

Pearl stopped dead in her tracks, ripping herself away from the hand holding, eyes widened, as a horrible realization dawned on her. "What's my mother going to say?! She's going to see what happened when she washes my clothes! I'm going to be in so much trouble!" Her face was soon buried in her hands, head shaking as she attempted to force denial of what punishment would await her at home.

Maya reached out to Pearl, wanting to comfort her, but pulled back when she realized she didn't know what she could say to make it better. Her gaze turned downwards as well, off towards the side. That's how she noticed the brown ring of dirt circling and staining the bottom of her white robe. That was just the piece she needed to solve this conundrum. "Ugh, my robe got all dirty," she complained, loud enough to be absolutely sure Pearl heard. "I'm gonna get such an earful from Aunt Morgan if she sees all this grime! Do you know how far we got from the river, Pearly?"

She wasn't in a good mood, but Mystic Maya asked her a direct question, and she couldn't ignore that. "W-we didn't get that far, I d-don't think." It was hard enough for her to look up from her hands, even harder to hold back tears, there was no telling how long she'd last.

"Well then, how about this? We go back to the river and wash our clothes first. That way, we're mostly clean, it'll dry off by the time we get back, and Aunt Morgan doesn't have to hear anything. Everything that happened here today can be our little secret." Maya put a finger over her mouth in a shushing pose, adding a wink for extra effect.

Almost immediately, the weight was lifted off of Pearl's shoulders. Not only had Maya helped her when she was seconds away from an accident, but now she had a solution to the aftermath. Was nothing beyond her power? "You're so smart, Mystic Maya! That Mr. Nick is rubbing off on you!" Pearl's eyes practically sparkled in admiration.

"Heh heh, I'm glad you think so!" The two pivoted a full turn back to where they came, heading straight for the river, ready to give their dirty clothes a good rinse.

Walking side by side, it was easy for Pearl to lean in close to her cousin with a hug. "I'm glad you came back to the village, Mystic Maya."

The embrace was soon returned, slowing their pace. "I'm glad too, Pearly. I like being around you. We're family, after all."

"Can you promise me something, Mystic Maya? Can you promise not to leave?"

"I won't abandon you, Pearly. I'll look after you, I promise that. I know this place gets lonely without family." Even with their supernatural abilities, spirit mediums of the Fey family had no way to read the future, so there was no telling what time would bring. The only things they could be sure of were that they would not be boring, and it would be faced together.

$$

*003*2019-06-19 23:50

{{23 minutes ago, pnesfan said:

Another excellent story, Captain L, one of my favorites! For being so small, Pearl's bladder can hold quite an impressive volume of pee, and I loved reading her struggle to hold it all as well as finally getting to release it, lovingly with the aid of big cousin Maya. I commissioned this pic of them sharing in their well-earned relief, and I hope you'll like it as well!

Artist is KisekiTemiro on Pixiv

}}

Once again, wonderful. The fact that you're willing to spend money on my stories is really sweet to me.

Even if Maya's outfit is wrong.

*005*2019-06-21 15:35

{{12 minutes ago, pnesfan said:

Oh, thanks for catching that, the artist has made a correcting edit. BTW I wanted to edit this into my original post but I couldn't find the option, is it unavailable to me as a new user?

EDIT: NVM, for some reason I now see the edit command underneath THIS post, even though it wasn't underneath the previous one. Anyways, hope the pic is better now!

}}

Oh yeah, that is a good catch. Because what I was referring to was, in the story, Maya is wearing a white robe.

Don’t worry about it, though. It’s plenty good as-is.

