The Mother's Humiliating Holiday

Author: Caraxes

*000*2023-03-17 18:06

This story is a short spin-off oneshot from my other story, The Last Year Before They Grew Up

. It focuses on the character of Jackson’s mom, Cheryl, who was featured in Chapter 10. Will there be more spin-offs? Probably not, but then again this wasn’t planned either. Let me know if you want more, and if you do, which characters you’d like to see.

###

Cheryl Gallaway’s nether regions were tingling as she lay on her back on the beach recliner in Mexico, reading her novel. It was a shitty romance novel, one of the ones specifically targeted at housewives who only read to be hip, but Cheryl couldn’t help finding it to be her guilty pleasure. The truth was the trashy romances turned her on and she loved daydreaming about being whisked away by a handsome hunk who would make passionate love to her all night long. Somehow, they were her escape from her own loveless marriage and she treasured the way that they made her flustered in ways her husband couldn’t anymore.

Stanley Gallaway was an obese balding man who had never grown out of his love for his high school popularity and adventures and Cheryl has spent years trying her hardest not to resent him for it. Now, with two of her kids, Jackson and Hazel, in University and her youngest, Eli, in tenth grade, she knew she was only a couple years away from divorcing her husband. She had promised herself she’d wait until all the kids were out of the house so it wouldn’t impact them negatively, but it was getting harder by the day.

Glancing to her left down the beach, the greying blonde raised her large black sunglasses from her eyes and peered towards where Eli was trying to build a sandcastle. He was a hundred feet away from her and distracted by his new resort friends. With no one else nearby, surely she could touch herself discreetly without anyone noticing, right?

She quickly dispelled the notion and inwardly reprimanded herself for such dirty thoughts. Reaching over to her Piña Colada, she took a long sip and returned to her novel. Her husband had taken the eldest two children scuba diving on a catamaran and Cheryl was loving the peace of her vacation getaway afternoon. This was her third Piña colada since lunch and Cheryl was beginning to feel a little tipsy which certainly wasn’t helping the naughty feelings; if anything, they were being amplified.

How had someone as gorgeous as her ended up in a loveless marriage? Cheryl knew she was attractive, even now at the age of 51. She was quite buxom with massive breasts that had only been enhanced by the birth of her children. She stayed fit too, going to the gym three days a week to maintain her impressive physique and abs and she was quite proud of her well endowed posterior. She often caught Jackson’s friends admiring her ass when they came over and she really didn’t mind the attention. Lying on the beach in her baby blue bikini, Cheryl knew she was hot and this only served to increase her pent up sexual frustration.

Cheryl did her best to get back into her book but she suddenly found herself feeling a nagging tug from her bladder. The three Piña Coladas had gone right through her and she realized she’d need to get up and go pee in the sea soon. She was enjoying her book though and wanted to put it off as long as possible. Ignoring her need to pee had always been a problem of hers. It rarely has ended too badly, but she often found herself dancing around like a child in her own home, steps from the toilet.

Continuing to read, Cheryl began to find it harder and harder to focus on the story as her urge to pee grew. Simultaneously she was getting hornier and hornier as the plot of her novel progressed. When she reached the part at the end of chapter ten where the protagonist had a romantic encounter with her true love on a sailboat in the rain, Cheryl found both urges begging to be acknowledged. On one hand, she desperately needed the toilet but on the other hand her nether regions were dying to be touched. Finally, her bladder one out and she desperately reached a hand down to grab her crotch and keep reading. Cheryl grimaced to herself inwardly at the childishness of her actions but she really wanted to read about this steamy sexual encounter. Besides, she was steps from the sea where she could relieve herself if things got to be too dire of an emergency.

As soon as squeezed her crotch, everything changed. Cheryl was suddenly overcome with desire and the need to pee took a backseat in her brain.

“No one is anywhere near me, I’m sure I could get away with a bit of touching until I get to the end of the chapter,” Cheryl whispered to herself as she began to gently move her fingers in a circle on top of her baby blue bikini bottoms. She immediately let out a soft moan at her own touch. Glancing down the beach to her left again, Cheryl was happy to see that Eli and his friends had moved further away. She was alone and she had privacy. She continued to rub as she resumed the story, as pleasure coursed through her body unlocking feelings she had been suppressing for too long that day.

…John unhooked Eliza’s bra, letting it fall to the floor. Her perky nipples stood at attention as they met with the cold rainy air. His fingers slid down her belly, deftly undoing the button on her jeans and slipping his fingers inside of her. She moaned in pleasure as he…

Cheryl also let out a moan of sympathy for the protagonist’s feelings. Her fingers were beginning to feel slick as well as her juices began to form between her lower lips.

“Shit,” she moaned, realizing that she was in danger of staining her baby blue bottoms. With her horniness overwhelming her and making her want to continue, Cheryl lifted her butt up and shimmied her bottoms down to her mid thighs. Then, she plunged her fingers directly into her damp womanhood and emitted a soft gasp. She knew this was incredibly risky, that this resort beach was not a good place to be masturbating but her horniness made her daring. She allowed herself to get lost in the feeling. She was getting very close to a climax, imagining fictional John’s fingers inside of her instead of her own. It was building, her back was arching, she let out another low moan, her eyes were rolling back…

“Excuse me?”

A voice cut through her aroused haze. Opening her eyes and peering through her thick sunglasses in shock, Cheryl was jolted back to reality. Standing in front of her was a petite young Mexican woman dressed in the staff outfit of the hotel. She was looking at Cheryl with her mouth open in shock.

“Dios mio!” the woman exclaimed.

All arousal instantly drained from Cheryl’s body as she looked the woman in the eyes. She was clearly appalled and disgusted with Cheryl’s actions and Cheryl was mortified. As soon as the arousal left her body, Cheryl suddenly was hit by her overwhelmingly urge to pee. She had been ignoring it and now it came crashing back onto her with full force causing her to quickly cross her legs, her bikini bottoms still not covering her clean shaven pussy. In a panic, she reached down and yanked them up only for a warm jet of pee to hit their blue gusset and leaving a coin sized wet patch.

The woman looked at her sternly and told her, with a thick Spanish accent, to follow her back to the hotel. Then, grabbing her walkie talkie from her belt, she called a few instructions back to her manager in Spanish.

“Can I- can I please just pee first,” Cheryl stammered in a panic, knowing that this was the worst she’d ever had to pee. She felt tears welling in her eyes at the utter humiliation she was experiencing.

“No,” the woman exclaimed. “Put on pants, follow me!”

Standing up, Cheryl danced around, crossing and recrossing her legs in a frantic attempt to prevent an accident. She scooped up her white capri pants from her bag, and pulled them on over her bottoms. Ditching her bag, she stumbled after the woman towards the hotel. In her desperation, she violently grabbed her pussy with her right hand and gyrated her hips in a desperate attempt to hold. She had never had to go this badly in her life and she knew that if she didn’t get to a toilet in the next two minutes, she’d pee her pants. Arriving to the steps up to the pool area of the hotel, Cheryl paused suddenly as another spurt escaped her damp lips into her pants.

Glancing down, she was relieved to see that it hadn’t darkened the capris yet. Regaining control, she followed the staff member up the steps and around the edge of the pool area. As they passed the third pool, Cheryl’s bladder spasmed aggressively and she halted in her tracks. The staff member looked back just in time to see the first rivulet of pee streak down Cheryl’s thigh. This time it took all of her pelvic strength to stop the flow as tears began to stream from under her dark sunglasses.

“Please,” she begged the Mexican woman. “Please let me pee. I’m having an accident.”

“No!” The woman exclaimed angrily. “Follow me to Manager Da Costa.”

The staff member then stomped up the steps into the lobby, Cheryl closely following at her heels weeping. Looking up, she spotted the manager, Mr Da Costa, looking at her with an angry expression. She strode towards him, steeling herself for a reprimand. The hotel was likely going to sue, to hand her over to the authorities. Cheryl was panicking, thinking of all the worst outcomes. Everyone in the lobby looked over at the crying woman, her shades obscuring her puffy red eyes, her large breasts bouncing in her blue bikini top, her damp white capris swishing as the legs touched…

Then it happened.

Cheryl let out a quiet gasp as her bladder released in the middle of the lobby. Pee streamed out of her pussy, soaking through the baby blue fabric of her bikini bottoms and running down her legs. As the white capris began to turn translucent, Cheryl’s pee started pooling on the tile of the lobby. Her blue bikini bottoms were now visible through her pants and her sobs began to make her hiccup as she processed what was happening to her. She had never been so exposed and embarrassed in her life. As her bladder continued to void, people in the lobby began to murmur amongst themselves as they stared. Cheryl knew they were likely making fun of her situation or were horrified by her display.

The manager gave her a sympathetic look as he approached the sobbing and soaking woman. Cheryl braced herself for a verbal lashing for her numerous counts of inappropriate behaviour. To her surprise, in a hushed whisper he said, “Do not worry ma’am, I’m sure we can find a way to forget the events of today… although we will be discreetly billing you for public indecency. That being said, I think you’ve learned your lesson. Go to your room, get cleaned up and try to behave yourself for the rest of your trip.”

“I am so so sorry, I should have listened to my body. Thank you for being so understanding.” Cheryl smile at the man gratefully and he took a step closer, deftly avoiding her golden puddle from touching the edge of his polished black shoes.

“Yes, I do believe you would benefit from knowing when and when not to listen to your body. Certain… ahem… urges are best attended to in private.”

Cheryl could only flush a brighter red, realizing he was alluding to her indecent self-pleasuring on the beach.

“Please don’t tell my husband or children,” she pleaded, desperate to ensure they never learned of her disregard for common sense.

“Do not worry ma'am,’ the manager replied. “Sometimes having to live with the shame ourselves is punishment enough.

The well dressed man turned on his heel and strode back towards his office doorway. Cheryl stood in her puddle watching him go, utterly humiliated but grateful that the manager had chosen not to seek harsher ways to punish her.


