Pokémon omo

Author: Carsh

*000*2018-02-06 08:04

This is my first attempt at writing an omorashi fanfiction. So tell me about things that I can improve on so I can get better!

___________

It was a hot summer afternoon in the small town of Fairsea. Cinccino and Brionne were enjoying pizza at their favorite place in town, Gioachino’s pizza. “So anything interesting happen back at your place?” Cinccino said. “Not really,” Said Brionne, “Just another day back at the house.” But while they were eating, Brionne noticed that her bladder was feeling a bit full after drinking so much throughout the day. So she decided to go use the bathroom “I’ll be right back” She said. But when she got there, though, all it read on the door was “Out of Order.” Brionne thought to herself, “I can probably hold it” and went back to meet Cinccino back at the table.

After they both finished their pizza and drinks Cinccino asked, “Want to go out for a stroll around town?” Brionne replied, slightly worried,”Sure, I’d love to go out and do that with you.” Brionne and Cinccino have been best friends since they were little. So if she were to have an accident around her best friend, it would be devastating for her. But She picked herself up and started downtown.

A few moments later and Brionne was starting to get desperate. She would cross her legs tightly when Cinccino wasn’t paying attention. She knew that she needs to find a bathroom soon or else wet herself. But at one point, Cinccino has noticed her slightly shaking and asked, ”are you doing ok Brionne?” She replied back, “ yes I’m fine thanks.”

But at that moment, she hears a short,quiet hiss from her dress. She blushes heavily and pulls her dress down just in case anything gets on the ground. Cinccino asked a bit more worried now,” you sure you’re ok?” And Brionne replied, “ yeah, just a little draft under my dress.” So they decided to keep going with their stroll.

Brionne at this point was bursting. She was shaking heavily and holding her crotch hard. This made Cinccino very worried and asked,” do you need to use the bathroom?” Brionne replied with “no” but knew her body couldn’t take much more of this. So minutes later, she told Cinccino that she going to head to the bathroom at the end of the block when they reach there. But for her that felt like an eternity for her. Every step made her more and more desperate and she could tell that Cinccino was worried for her.

She was only about three buildings away when the worst possible thing happens to her. A local water truck goes past her and drops some water at the place she’s headed towards. At that point her body gave up the fight and released into her panties with a ear piercingly loud hiss to her complete and utter devastation. She told Cinccino to not look but she was too shocked to move. Brionne stood their for about 3 minutes while the puddle under her dress continued to grow. She was teary eyed knowing that she just pissed herself in front of her best friend.

After she was finished, Brionne was about to cry right there on the spot but Cinccino told her “ it’s ok that this happened. I still think you’re my best friend either way.”

“Thank you,”Brionne said, “ Is it fine if we stop by my house so I can get changed out of these wet clothes?”

“Sure. Want to go try that ice cream shop down the street from your house?” Cinccino said. “That’d be a great idea!”Replied Brionne.

