The mandatory doctor visit with a misleading title

Author: Coppérnico

*000*2024-10-12 15:58

Hi there! So... after many long nights of trying unsuccesfuly to find things that completely fit my tastes I decided to go with the Thanos approach. "Fine, I'll do it myself"

Was it worth it? Am I good at this? I don't know, probably not, we'll see. Hope you like it!

///////

Aidri: fragment 1

“Nggg”

Aidri groans uncomfortably in her sleep, the loud sounds of turning gears and vibrations disrupting her rest… After a while, she opens her eyes.

“Wh…whaa..?” She says groggily while her eyes adjust to the new environment, her wings stretching for comfort... Something doesn’t feel right…

It takes her a few seconds to finally process the situation.

“WHAT??!!” She screams, suddenly sitting down, lifting her head from the metallic floor. As she moves, the sound of a metal chain can be heard.

“Where am I?! What happened?!” She thinks agitated.

She appeared to be in a big metal jail, noisily descending through a shaft with her neck chained to a small pylon in the middle of her cell.

“What is this…? A Dwarf mine? “

After visiting so many places due to her job, as far as she knew, only dwarves were inventive enough to make mechanisms like this. But something felt odd… even if she wasn’t sure what.

“Wait Aidri! Focus! Remember! How did I get here?”

She shouts to herself internally, trying to focus. But before she manages to do so, a sudden pleasant sensation coming from her nethers interrupts her. A familiar feeling that sends small shivers through the lower part of her body.

“Riiiight… its mating season…” She thinks blushing slightly as this helps her remember…

She had been feeling really horny this year, thinking perhaps she could actually find a mating partner this season. Maybe even too horny for her own good but keeping herself like that helped her motivation. It helped her focus on the bright side of things… Because…thinking this way… Perhaps…perhaps she just had been unlucky all the other seasons and it wasn’t actually that hard for her to get a boyfriend… Right? Surely if she tried hard enough, she would finally get someone to give her the ‘special attention’ she craved so much… She had even been trying to avoid ‘pleasuring herself’ because she had read somewhere that it boosted hormones, and she wanted to start with her best chances. After all, everyone picked mates the first days of the season and therefore, they were the most important.

Unfortunately, her boss had other plans for her. She was assigned an emergency delivery the very first day of mating season’s official start. She was to deliver a package to the Elven kingdom immediately!

Trying to waste no time at all, Aidri parted right away, set to fly as fast as possible and avoid any unnecessary stops.

Six hours of continued flight later she was about two thirds of the way there, flying over the Verdant Weave Forest, and feeling more restless than ever. Having spent the entire trip having lewd fantasies about what she would do once she got back to her hometown wasn’t helping her… but on top of that, she needed to pee really bad. Avoiding unnecessary stops also meant avoiding unnecessary bathroom breaks after all. And drinking the occasional stamina potion had kept her kidneys entertained, her bladder more than ready for release by now.

Suddenly a very recognizable noise caught her ears. It was… A mating call!? Could it be… that a cute guy had seen her and was inviting her to his nesting camp? The fantasies got the best of her. But… stopping would be a bad idea… she had an important package to deliver, she had plans back home and… wasn’t the Verdant Weave Forest lizard men territory? Why would there be...

Unfortunately, she was too horny to think about that, and ignoring a mating call was a difficult task for her attuned brain, especially in the state she was right now. Plus, she had to take a bathroom break eventually anyway, it wouldn’t hurt to make a small stop, right?

And with that it was decided, she would land to pee, and maybe she could lightly inspect the area in search for her potential mysterious lover.

She landed on a small clearing and rushed to the shade of a near tree with her pseudo hands on her crotch, squirming cutely while trying to unbutton her shorts, hastily pulling them down along with her underwear. She squat down, leaning her back on the nearby tree in an attempt to divert the incoming liquid away from her feet and claws, with the relief taking over her as soon as she opened her legs.

After all that time, finally releasing felt just too good. She tried to suppress some small moans, as the feeling of her deflating bladder sent shivers up her spine. She could hear the splatter on the leaves, it sounded excessively loud as the liquid poured from the (lucky) plants onto the ground, where it was forming a small puddle even with the absorbent dirt. It felt so… interesting. Specially on her ‘lower’ areas, even if she wouldn’t want to think about it.

Looking around she could see far into the greenery of the woods, the place she chose wasn’t as secluded as she would have liked, but she was desperate. Looking at her stream again she could trace the golden arch to its source, her slit was on open display if anyone happened to be around.

This sound, sights, her general state were making her feel… exposed… What if her mysterious lover saw her like this? She covered her face embarrassed while trying to push the strange thought to the back of her mind. But as much as she tried to calm herself, this only worsened poor Aidri’s situation, who was getting way too ‘overheated’ by now, possibly too much for her own good.

She knew she shouldn’t have, but after a few seconds staring at it, eyeing with a lustful gaze, she couldn’t resist to give her private area a gentle caress, careful to not wet her wing with the liquid that was still pouring out of her...

Bad idea.

The sudden spike of pleasure caused her to moan loudly, urging her to quickly cover her mouth with her wing. Now blushing heavily, with the consequent embarrassment only adding to her arousal, she spent the next minute agonizingly trying to control herself as for to not make vain all her efforts of not pleasuring herself for the last two weeks, until finally, her stream started to peter out.

She tried and failed to reposition herself to not wet her clothing as the golden arch lost force, leaving a few dribbles to land on her panties. Not that she minded that at the time anyway, her mind clouded by a thick hot mist of pent-up arousal.

Standing up she pulled her shorts up again; else the sight of her own intimacy was going to drive her crazy. She was so horny, probably to much for her own good.

Standing in place for a moment and closing her eyes, she tried to take deep slow breaths. This was bad and she knew it, she had to focus and calm herself, remain composed until she found a partner, or else, she was going to do something stupid, and this season was going to be a disaster as well. She tried to refocus her thoughts, move the fantasies back home, focus on the present and her delivery to finish as quickly as possible. But then… She heard it again. A sound that pierced her thoughts, getting her eyes wide open as all hope of temperance was lost. The mating call again! Close, softer, beckoning, teasing.

That was it! That call was for her, she was sure of it! She couldn’t take it anymore! Her repressed arousal took over her as she hurriedly set flight to the sound source, completely forgetting about the delivery and her plans back home. If her mysterious lover was interested in her she could just surely run to his arms and tell him all her woes, and then he would pat her and pamper her calling her a good girl and she would give him her body in exchange! That’s how it worked! Right? Right??!

She arrived at a peculiar looking cave with some dim lighting coming from inside. Normally nesting caves are a bit more adorned… but she didn’t stop to think about it twice… nor once. She remembers stepping in, her heart beating with force accompanied by the memory of faint strange unnatural smell… a sensation she had never experienced before… And before she could look around her…Nothing.

Her memories end abruptly, right there…

Definitely too horny for her own good.

Back at the metal jail, Aidri is covering her shameful expression with both wings, her face red as a strawberry and on the verge of tears from the embarrassment brought by remembering her past self.

"..."

“WHY DID I DO SUCH A STUPID THING!!??”

*002*2024-12-25 03:05

Hii there and Merry Cristmas!

I thought I would have been posting this one so loong ago. "Surely I'll have a bit of time to polish it and post it right?" Well apparently not. But nevermind. Next fragment is a bit of a setup and doesn't have any omo... But hopefully you'll enjoy it still... you may like where its going... Plus... Im planning on posting the next fragment tomorow, as a christmas gift if you allow me~ Hope you like them!

////////////////////////////////////////

Aidri: Fragment 2

Continuing her slow descent for a few minutes, Aidri has managed to calm herself down a little bit, now nervously waiting for what is to come for her. It doesn’t look like she has a choice anyway. Her neck is chained, and her backpack, along with her package, potions, map, papers and tools are all gone. The only thing left for her being her uniform.

Soon, the elevator-jail starts to slow down. A large metallic hallway illuminated by strange light spots coming from its ceiling starts to slowly reveal itself behind the jail doors until the elevator stops with a loud buzzing noise. This place is too intricate even for dwarven standards. The automatic doors of the jail leave way for the pylon that chains her neck to follow a rail like structure, pulling her deeper into the building. She observes the artificial lighting trapped in tubes more like the elven mana lights than anything she has seen before.

Finally, a set of large mechanical doors adorned with an unknown set of symbols separate her from what may be her destination. They click and open slowly, but with no doubt great force.

“What?”

Aidri thinks confused.

Behind the doors, the characteristic greenery of the lush trees and ferns of a tropical forest extended as far as the eye could see, spotted at places with beautiful colourful flowers. A waterfall could be spotted on a nearby rock formation, filling the air with its soothing sound and the cool humid mist it generated. It was as if the area was chosen for being especially pleasing.

Contrasting with the natural beauty, a large black circular platform covered the terrain right in front of her along with an apparently magic floating ceiling that covered the sky above it.

“I must be dreaming. Wasn’t I hundreds of meters underground? Maybe it’s a sort of advanced illusion spell of the demon kind? Dark elves maybe…? This doesn’t make sense!” She says to herself as she’s dragged to the newly revealed structure.

Walking to the centre of the platform she notices that the door she just came in from is gone, only more forest to be seen instead.

But most importantly, a dark figure is standing near where the door used to be… slowly walking towards her.

Aidri jolts back as far as the chain would allow. It was humanoid, that was for sure, but every bit of its skin was covered. A large black coat with a rather elegant looking black shirt, a blank mask/helmet adorned only by an unknown glowing symbol on its front, dark jeans and boots along with gloves made sure that not a bit of its skin was exposed.

“No tail, no wings, no horns, common stature and overall size…Could it be… a human?! Maybe a short elf?”

She felt lost, what even was this? Elves had no such crafting skills, dwarves had no such magical skills, humans had neither and the different kingdoms nearly all hated each other anyway.

Fuelled by the confusion, she gathered some courage to speak.

“What are you…?”

She mutters while staring at the increasingly close figure.

“Doctor”

It responds in a rather deep male voice. It sounded natural however, somewhat pleasing.

“W-what? No, that’s not what I me-” She’s interrupted as the doctor reaches her and puts a finger over her mouth.

“Later”

Putting his other hand on her neck and with an odd movement, the metal brace chaining her to the pylon releases.

He backs up calmly, walking towards a section of the platform where a strange leather covered bed suddenly raises from a complex mechanism on the ground, instructing her to lay with a simple arm gesture.

Aidri freezes for a few seconds debating what to do. She was free, the environment was pleasant and open. She considered running into the forest and setting flight as soon as possible… But… Her captor was so calm… He was still in control; she could sense it. Was this forest even real?

She nervously walked towards the bed and laid on it, trying to calm herself a bit.

“Good girl, you’re doing wonderfully” The doctor said with a surprisingly soothing lightly cheerful tone, he sounded pleased, patting her head lightly.

“Eeh!?”

She couldn’t help to blush slightly as the sudden change of tone caught her off guard. She couldn’t believe it, but this of all times was the first someone other than her family had said something nice to her, and… he was actually touching her… Felt kind of nice.

“But why did it have to be in such a shady situation?!!”

Realizing she’s getting distracted she looks back at the doctor and finds him doing something most fascinating. A square of light has appeared in the middle of the air, and he appears to be writing into it by tapping characters also made of light in a language she couldn’t understand.

“A strange feeling is normal”

Before she could ask, a bright flash of blueish light enveloped her. It soon died to a very faint hue, but for a moment, it felt as if her mind had gone blank.

“What was that?”

She asks somewhat worried, but the doctor isn’t paying attention to her, too focused reading and writing on his strange square of light.

SCAN SUCCESFUL

Name: Aidri Galeheart

Age: 18

Eye colour: Light green

Sex: Female

Species: Harpy

Origin: Skyreach City, Gouldian tribe.

Physical description:

Aidri is a medium-short stature albino harpy. She differs from human morphology by her wings, that replace human arms and allow her flight, and legs, that right after her knee transition to bird legs, ending in a pair of eaglelike feet. She possesses a more developed alula bone that can act as an opposable thumb, forming a sort of hand structure that allows her basic object manipulation.

Due to a rare genetic condition, both her short hair and feathers are white as snow, contrasting her lightly tanned skin.

She’s wearing the standard delivery uniform composed by a pair of shorts and a sleeveless formal shirt.

Psychical description:

Aidri is a good hearted but awkward and shy girl. Her tribe is known for their exotic colours and cheerful behaviour. This is why her genetical condition makes her always feel very self-conscious, causing her rather introverted behaviour.

She struggles to find friends and especially romantic or sexual partners. Due to the subsequent social inexperience, she doesn’t know how to handle sweet, lewd comments or compliments and nice treatment, often blushing, feeling ashamed or failing to control her first impulses.

Behind the external layer of shame, she is playful and sweet. Curious about the world, smarter than she gives herself credit for and likely a bit too lewd for her own good.

>query “Sexual description and behaviour”

Sexual description and behaviour:

Aidri has a rather thin frame and flat chest, contrasted by her rather voluptuous tights, hips and posterior.

Her simple white panties are adorned with a small blue ribbon and she’s wearing no bra or alternative upper undergarments.

Her reproductive system is structurally nearly identical to the human one excluding the oviparous development of the ovum. Additionally, the inner areas of her wings serve as an additional erogenous zone.

Harpies’ libido is slightly lower than the human one for most of the year, but it increases drastically during the two-week mating period. Aidri’s libido however is higher than usual, most of the time being slightly higher than the median human. Right now, her mean libido is extremely high, as the mating period for her tribe starts today.

Due to her condition, she has been unable to acquire a sexual partner and instead often engages in masturbation. However, she has been actively avoiding it for the last 15 days.

On her few tests, it appears she doesn’t enjoy penetration.

Aidri has masochistic tendencies, but she doesn’t want to acknowledge, it or even think about it, often stifling the feelings, in fear of being even weirder than she already feels she is.

“Wonderful…”

The doctor spreads his arms triumphantly, with a sense of excitement in his voice while Aidri looks at him confused.

“Uhm…May I ask… What am I doing here?”

She asks shyly.

“Providence”

“Wh... wha-?”

She ponders about it, afraid of asking for clarification as she couldn’t remember the exact meaning of that word.

But soon her focus shifts to something else: her mouth is awfully dry. She hadn’t drunk anything since she was flying over the forest and who knows how long it has been since then, plus there was a waterfall right here, she surely could have a little bit. After some consideration, she decides to say something as politely as she could.

“Uhm… Excuse me Doctor sir… may I….”

But she trails off realizing the doctor is already distracted, tapping at the light square again.

>query “Drink preferences”

[…]

Soon a table with a bunch of bottles and utensils emerges from the ground and the doctor uses it to mix two different opaque liquids with a brownish powder. A few seconds later he comes back to Aidri with a large glass of suspicious liquid in his hand, handing it to her, clearly intending her to drink.

“Uhhh”

Aidri eyes the suspicious liquid unsure if she should be worried or thankful, the cup is unnaturally cold, as if it had been cooled with magic, and its smell is familiar yet unrecognizable. She looks up to the doctor with a doubtful face.

“Safe”

He assures, while staring at her behind his expressionless mask. Thirsty and pressured, Aidri tries the mysterious mixture.

“Whoah….! Milk? … sweet milk? … and… Chocolate?! In a drink?! And…”

“Sir this has alcohol? And chocolate?! I… it must be way too expensive”.

She says overwhelmed by the impossible quality of the drink.

“No trouble, there is plenty.”

Was all she got for an answer.

But the drink felt delicious to her dry mouth, so she takes another sip. And then another longer one. Soon she can’t help herself and starts chugging the whole glass.

“So good! <3”

After a few seconds, the glass is gone and her thirst is sated, yes, but she’s left wondering regretfully how long until she’ll be able to try such a thing again.

“Should have enjoyed that more…”

Not too long apparently because looking up, she finds the doctor handing her another glass.

“For real?!” Blushing lightly after failing to contain her excitement. The doctor just nodded in response.

This time, she makes sure to enjoy every sip. To properly savour every drop that slid sweetly through her tongue.

The doctor just stared silently at first, somewhat creepily with his expressionless mask. But eventually, he came closer and very slowly started patting Aidri’s head, with surprising dexterity as well.

“Eee?!”

She whined in surprise and stared at the doctor, her look asking for an explanation.

“Your enjoyment is rather cute.”

Aidri felt her cheeks warm as she tried (and failed) to not appear flustered, failing to find words to say anything. She had to admit this was quite weird… But even then, it felt good… To be pampered in the beautiful forest with the soothing sound of the waterfall. Perhaps this wasn’t going to be so bad after all…

She just finished the second glass when a worrying thought invaded her mind…. She just had taken a lot of alcohol… What if she got drunk? She hadn’t ever got drunk before! She didn’t know how high or low her tolerance was, but it happening now was the last thing she wanted.

Thankfully the doctor appeared to have read her mind... He was handing her another large glass, but of water now.

“Inebriation would be problematic”

He said as untalkative as expected.

“Uh… Thank you!”

She feels the coldness and weight weight of the glass in her hand and starts drinking, but more slowly, she’s starting to feel kind of full after all. She stops for a second hearing the uncomfortable sloshing of all the liquid on her stomach, before hastily downing all of the remaining water, trying to get over it as quickly as possible. Not like she wanted to drink anymore, but she had to, and rather soon after all.

After the glass is empty again, the doctor takes it, putting it in the same table where it came from. Then he stares at her.

“You seem good now, nothing else required. Correct?”

On that brief moment, feeling the weight of his masked gaze, she doesn’t manage to think what to say. Even if she had many questions, she is feeling quite okay.

“Y-yes…”

“Good”

Looking at the light symbols, he writes something again, causing the table with drinks to retract into the floor, while a different table emerges displaying different tools and utensils of unknown purpose.

“Examination may begin”

*003*2024-12-26 00:21

Here ya go! Let me know what you think! Btw, warning, may get lewd~

///

Aidri: Fragment 3

The doctor made Aidri lay facing down. It was a bit uncomfortable with her full stomach but the waterfall in the background helped her relax a bit. Meanwhile, he grabbed a tool she quickly understood was for measuring, since it magically extended into a marked line of the desired length.

Gently grabbing her wings by its tips, he dragged them to their maximum extension and proceeded to take various measurements, writing the results on a notebook with what she now recognized as a very sophisticated writing tool.

The process tickled…a lot. Every time his hands grazed her feathers… and the fact that she knew what he was doing: Carefully, gently studying and measuring her body, and even more so, writing the results for later study… It was making her feel so strangely warm. Her cheeks burned with embarrassment and yet… it felt good.

“Sit.”

He ordered, pulling from her shoulders to aid her.

She complied, seating naturally facing away from him. But then, wrapping his arms around her, he started to unbutton her shirt.

“Eeeh?! Wait!”

She exclaimed in surprise.

“Direct skin contact is required for the proceeding measurements.”

He explained seemingly unfazed by her reaction. It’s not like Aidri was completely opposed to the idea but… she wasn’t wearing a bra today, as she almost never did. The sole thought of her chest being seen by a stranger was a bit overwhelming, and yet it felt so exciting, this was just a bit too quick for her. But she didn’t have time to think about it. Her shirt was already coming off, and she wasn’t offering any resistance.

Soon she was topless, covering her chest with both wings and an already familiar blush present on her face. The doctor didn’t even react to her lack of underwear, and she thanked the gods for that, because she felt that if he had commented on it, she would have died right there and then.

“Lay.”

He ordered, pushing on her back to guide her, forcing her to swiftly uncover herself as her chest reached the cold leather covering of the bed. Her nipples rubbing against the surface.

She was definitely getting horny, and to make things worse, a new concerning problem was now on her mind as well… She listened to the waterfall flow, its sound now a little bit less soothing. She needed to pee.

“Uh oh…”

When was even the last time she had relieved herself? It was in the forest of course. Normally this wouldn’t be too much of an issue. She was good at holding it, she was used to it, often required on her longest trips. But right now…

She thought about all the liquids she had so thoughtlessly consumed earlier and how full of liquid her stomach was still. But not too long ago the doctor had asked her if she was good, and she said she was, and now she didn’t want to interrupt for such a shameful thing. She had to hold it, at least for now.

Meanwhile, the doctor examined her back, pressing on it intermittently, as if trying to elucidate the shape of her bones, interrupted every now and then by the sound of rustling papers, indicating the taking of notes, even if she couldn’t see him. It was like a nice massage in a way.

He traced with his hands to her shoulder, and then to her wing, over the inner areas, causing her to tense up in an attempt to remain composed. It tickled so much while he gently explored the area, the sensation mixed with a low pleasure almost too much to bear as she suppressed a small whimper. He probably didn’t know how good that felt to her… And it’s not like she could admit such an embarrassing thing.

Soon, the doctor moved to her back again, now tracing her spine until he reached her lower back, pressing on it firmly.

“Ah~”

A small moan escaped her lips… her bladder had been rapidly filling and the added pressure on her lower abdomen made her feel very needy for a second there… But it also felt… kind of good?

“Of course not! That would be weird.”

She said to herself pushing the thought back.

Not like there is that much time to think anyway.

“Turn.”

The doctor orders seemingly oblivious to Aidri’s predicament as he aids the movement with his arms.

Rushed, she barely has time to cover her chest before she’s laying facing up, with a flustered but subtly lustful look.

Getting a bit closer now it’s time for him to remove her shorts, no explanation this time. But it’s not like she needed it by now. He presses a bit onto her bladder while unbuttoning, making her wince lightly in an attempt to not squirm, but the following release felt so relieving… it was almost worth it.

He seemed to be very careful after all. Her shorts sliding down felt like a caress to her sensitive thighs rather than the unjustified violation of privacy this whole thing may be… His hands feeling so soft grazing against her skin…Or perhaps she was just a bit too horny?

Putting the shorts aside, he continued taking measurements of her. Now she could see him inspecting her feet, her claws, her scales… Pressing as if feeling her bone structure again. All the while taking notes. He seemed to be particularly interested in the region where her scales transitioned to the smooth skin, right below her knees, inspecting it especially closely. It felt good… Not like she was that sensitive there but… This was probably the first time Aidri had seen someone so interested in her… If only she could think a bit more clearly… If she wasn’t so horny…

“…Maybe I should say something…”

She thought involuntarily pressing her legs together a little bit. She hadn’t had to pee so bad since… earlier that day actually… But this time it didn’t look like it was going to get any better soon. And it was making her other problem so much worse… The pressure from all that liquid, she could feel it down to her crotch… pressing on her sensitive areas… it felt so good pressing against her p-

“No! What are you even thinking about? that’s not right that’s weird and lew-“

Her thoughts were interrupted as the doctor continued the inspection up to her tights. His hands grazed against the sensitive area and new challenge occupied her mind as she tried her best to not make any lewd sounds. Trying to stay as still as possible as the pleasurable tickles sent little shivers up her spine, eliciting a pleasant feeling on her privates.

This continued for a while as the doctor took a surprising number of measurements for such a physiologically simple area. Her breath was getting ragged and hot, her face flushed with effort of holding everything in: Her squirming, her whimpers, her moans… her pee. She could see her lower abdomen. It was getting a bit swollen, wasn’t it? She could definitely feel the waistband of her panties pressing against it. At least the pleasure made her need to pee a bit less pressing, but that didn’t change how full she was getting, and so fast too. She couldn’t help but squirm a bit even with the doctor still touching her legs.

“I have to do something… at this rate… I’m gonna-”

But her thoughts were however interrupted once again as the doctor moved up. Putting both his hands on her hips, he moved his thumbs with a circular motion most resemblant of a massage than a proper inspection, just above her pelvis on the sides. Taking her by surprise, the inevitable happened.

“Ahh~!”

She covered her mouth with her wing as a loud moan escaped her lips, her other wing still pressed tightly against her chest.

She stared at the doctor worried, but he didn’t seem to mind at all, seemingly not paying any attention to it…

She relaxed a little, letting herself squirm and whimper just a tiny bit as the massage kept going. Her attempts at control weren’t working. She felt her nipples hard against her feathers, as a reminder that her body was getting more and more aroused, no matter how much she tried to deny it, much as the waterfall was a reminder of the constant pouring flow from her kidneys, no matter how full her bladder was already. All of it whether she wanted it or not…

She had to say something.

“Uh!... E-Excuse me doctor sir but I...”

But as she looked at him, he was strangely motionless, staring at somewhere on her lower areas as if he was sort of surprised. A quick glance made very clear what he was looking at.

“!!!”

*004*2024-12-29 03:14

Aidri: Fragment 4 She had to say something.

“Uh!... E-Excuse me doctor sir but I...”

But as she looked at him, he was strangely motionless, staring at somewhere on her lower areas as if he was sort of surprised. A quick glance made very clear what he was looking at.

“!!!”

A rather big very noticeable wet spot had appeared on her panties, right on her crotch…

She internally panicked. Had she leaked?! No! That was…

Her face quickly went through the entire hue of red as she shifted from peach to light red to rose to crimson strawberry as she stared at the doctor too shocked to do anything, tears welling on her eyes.

“I….”

He just put his hand on the chin of his mask pensive, before pulling a small piece of cotton out of his pocket and taking a sample of the newfound fluid, too quickly for Aidri to react on time.

“Ahhh! NOO! Don’t take that that’s ….”

She screamed as she felt it graze against her crotch and curled into a ball, her wings covering her reddened face, tears of burning embarrassment running down her cheeks as she unknowingly exposed her naked chest. She had never felt so embarrassed in her life, and feeling like this didn’t even help her with any of her problems.

But instead of the usual coldness she was expecting from him, she received something… different.

“There there… It’s okay”

He said as he caressed her head gently. His dexterous fingers sending shivers down her body, slowly turning the embarrassment into something rather… warm. Why did it feel so good?

“I just… may say I quite enjoy… observing… this aspect of you.”

His other hand caressed the inner part of her tights, traveling upwards until finishing with a gentle graze on her crotch. It was almost as if he was clarifying what he meant.

“Ahh~”

Aidri moaned. That last statement was really personal, wasn’t it? He really had interest in her? Someone really desired her? But most importantly right now… It felt too good.

She uncurled very slowly enjoying the feeling on her head, opening her legs very lightly as the embarrassment turned into more arousal, the thought of her overfilled bladder fading into the back of her mind for just a moment. She felt out of herself, as if her body moved on its own.

He tilted his head as he saw her relax.

“We may continue.”

It sounded as if he was smiling under its mask, if that made any sense.

The doctor’s touch was now, way more personal, he rubbed and pressed on her crotch occasionally, caressing her tights, still taking some notes every now and then… Was he really still researching her somehow?

Aidri stared at herself while she covered her mouth with both wings, trying (and failing) to not moan. Her face still flushed with small tears still running down her cheeks. She felt as if she was melting. Shivers travelled up her spine as she unconsciously grinded on his hand whenever it was close to her crotch. The squirming like movement of her legs also helping the situation on her bladder.

She felt so full, almost as if she could feel her bladder still stretching slowly to a nearly painful level as her kidneys continued to mercilessly do their job without any regard of her predicament. She could also see how full she was, her usually flat and toned stomach now displaying a very pronounced curve on her lower abdomen. But the feeling wasn’t exactly turning her off… the pressure seemingly squeezing down on her crotch while the doctor rubbed it from the outside.

It’s not like she could think about it too much in this state. But the doctor didn’t take long to notice.

“This area appears…”

He whispered, tracing one of his fingers gently over her lower abdomen.

“Eep-“

She whimpered feeling a spike of desperation at the unexpected touch.

“I- ahm~ sorry… I-I… reahlly~ really need to… pee.”

She had finally said it! Feeling hot on her face for admitting such an embarrassing thing. Her sharp breathing making it difficult to speak.

“Hehe~”

He just laughed softly and prodded her, pressing on the area very gently… It was firm and taut.

“Please don’t! I-Its really going to come out!”

She practically screamed, causing the doctor to immediately stop touching her, but it was too late. She panicked, almost as if she could feel a few droplets of liquid traveling down slowly to the exit, she was on the verge of leaking. She closed her eyes, her wings darting to her crotch while she clenched herself as hard as she could, trying to not create a second waterfall right there.

“Just a bit longer… just a bit…”

This went on for a few seconds, her body trembling as she softly moaned with the effort of trying to regain control, compelled by the prospect of finally relieving herself now that her situation was known, until her breathing turned slower and deep as the wave passed, slowly opening her eyes again.

“!”

The doctor was staring right at her, his mask really close above her reddened face.

“Eeeh?-“

She whimpered while her wings shot upwards instinctively as to ty to cover her face, but never reaching the destination. Her legs closing together tightly as she still trembled with desperation.

“You truly are worth it~”

She stared agape as a burning mix of fear and excitement invaded her already shaky body. The lust and amusement on those words was undeniable, unmistakable… He really wanted her.

“~This will help~”

He whispered tracing his fingers over her thighs and hips before sliding carefully inside her panties, touching her lips directly this time.

“W-Wait! I… T-the bathroom… I … ah~”

She could not even manage to finish before the pleasure overwhelmed her again. It didn’t feel anything like when she used her rather clumsy wings. And it was indeed helping.

The doctor gently pulled on her panties, sliding them out of her with a gentle caress on her legs before leaving them near the “foot” of the bed.

Aidri was now completely naked, and she could look at herself. She was a mess, her body and face felt all hot, her nipples were hard, her crotch was dripping wet, and she couldn’t stop squirming and pressing herself against the doctor’s hand, that only felt better as his fingers slid deeper into her folds. She could also see her lower abdomen, the skin stretched tightly into a large dome, even bigger than before, pushed by the painfully swollen organ underneath, making her look like she was three months pregnant.

“So full…♥”

Aidri looked at herself lustful, unable to control her thoughts anymore. The pain of her overstretched bladder just seemed to add to the arousal under the heavenly stimulation, the pressure just increasing her sensitivity on the lower areas, and the desperation just fuel for her embarrassment that turned into more heat… And yet, she could feel it still filling, getting closer to her limit by the second.

At this rate… neither her bladder nor her body would be able to take any more.

“Ahhh...~”

Soon, the waterfall’s soft rumbling was eclipsed as the air filled with Aidri’s soft moans. The doctor’s fingers had slid into her, rubbing and pressing from the inside. She normally didn’t enjoy this but now… It was so tight there, his fingers and her insides crushed under the weight and size of her bursting bladder. And he hadn’t even stopped touching outside, his thumb still teasingly playing with the sensitive areas a bit above her entrance. The extra pressure was making her lose control, but whenever she felt she was going to leak, he just pressed on the exit firmly with his thumb, tortuously helping her hold on for just a little longer.

She was feeling so many things, and yet, the doctor still had an unoccupied hand to play with her more.

He grabbed her legs one by one, pushing her knees until they were at the height of her chest. Aidri enjoying the extra exposure as it allowed a nice view of… pretty much everything.

A squirmy, cute, harpy girl, completely naked. Her flat chest exposed as her wings extended in pleasure, the urge to show herself outweighing her embarrassment tenfold. A lewd expression on her reddened face as the overwhelming feelings make tears well on the corners of her eyes, mouth agape unable to control her soft moaning as she inevitably gets closer and closer to her limit. Her part bird legs pressed up against her body, clearing the view of all her intimate parts. Displaying the delightful curves and squish of her plump butt and tights, and most importantly: The curve of a large bladder filled to its very top.

Leaning forward, the doctor traced his hand along her body. Starting with a playful head pat he continued down her neck and chest, stopping briefly to feel the hardness of her sensitive nipples, before continuing down to her stomach and hips, until finally resting his hand gently on the bulge of her lower abdomen.

“AHH!~”

She yelped as the light touch already was close to pushing her over the edge. Her bladder just couldn’t take a single extra drop…

And then he pressed. He played with her bladder without any sort of regard to her current state, taking a good feel of the satisfying hard firmness of her abdomen.

This was it. Aidri felt herself crossing over the edge, her body shaking as the intense feeling welled in her. He rubbed his fingers against her bladder from the inside as well, the combined pressure causing her to leak even as he pressed his thumb to prevent this. Dribbles starting to reach the “bed.” Until finally... It hit her, with the force of the most powerful cascade.

She squirmed and writhed forcefully as her moans turned into an ear-piercing shriek, her mind going blank as it happened. A powerful jet of clear pee shot out of her, clashing into the doctor’s hand and spreading in his general direction, the liquid getting on his arm and clothing, some of it even landing on his mask, surprising him. But he knew better than to stop touching, instead rubbing harder as the torrent of liquid turned into a powerful gush. A second waterfall indeed, that spilled all over the leather covered bed, washing over the inconveniently placed panties at its foot before dripping noisily onto the floor. Aidri felt herself melting away as her bladder deflated, her orgasm seemingly extending for as long as she was peeing.

This situation continued for over a minute before her stream finally started to lose force, leaving a heavily panting Aidri and a semi wet doctor on top of a large puddle.

Aidri couldn’t even move, the sporadic twitch of leftover overwhelming pleasure shaking her body every few seconds. Slowly returning to her senses while she breathed heavily.

She looked at the doctor, a few droplets of lewd fluid were dripping from his mask… She suddenly felt like crying, the thought of what she had done coming to her. But the doctor just sat next to her calmly, completely disregarding the mess they had made and the prospect of sitting in a puddle. He just caressed her head lovingly, looking at her.

She didn’t need any words this time, she just closed her eyes, enjoying the sensation as her body slowly recovered.

*005*2024-12-31 01:23

Aidri: Fragment 5 - Epilogue

About ten minutes pass, until Aidri is in good enough condition to speak.

“Uhm…What now?”

She asks shyly.

“Your examination is completed, and with it, my work with you. Thank you! You have provided unvaluable data.”

A sense of excitement could be felt in his voice, he did sound genuinely thankful, however she felt her heart sink upon hearing those words.

“Oh… but then…what will happen to me?”

She asked somewhat concerned.

“Unfortunately, I can’t allow you to run around knowing what happened today. Instead, you’ll wake up from a long sleep near the elven kingdom, thinking you passed out somewhere from exhaustion. All your clothing and items will be returned, and the memory of today will only remain as a faint dream that will fade away with time. You’ll then return to your normal life.”

He explained calmly as ever, all of the previous excitement suddenly faded away.

“Oh… I see”

Aidri felt partly relieved, it looked like she was going to leave unharmed out of this one. But something about that… A deep subtle dread filled her heart.

“I see no reason to delay it further. The longer you stay here the hardest it will be to perform.”

The doctor pulled a strange device, it looked like a curved piece of glass attached to a metallic cylinder, unknown writings and symbols painted on its surface. He gently placed it on her face, the transparent material felt instead soft and pliable.

“Aidri Galeheart, are you ready to start the procedure?”

She felt her heart skip a beat as she heard him saying her full name. How did he even know…? But now wasn’t the time for that… she thought. She just needed to get back to her routine, continue her travels safely and everything would feel right as soon as she woke up, right? It was just the logical thing.

“Yes…”

But then why did she feel so…

A faint strange unnatural smell that she now recognized filled her nose, bringing her memories of how she got here in the first place. In that cave looking for love.

The doctor lifted his hand gently as if waving goodbye. She felt herself getting more and more relaxed as she closed her eyes, yet her heart pooled with anxiety…

This… wasn’t what she wanted.

“WAIT!!!”

She screamed. Startling the doctor.

He removed the mask, leaving her some time to breathe and recover as he looked at her with his head tilted lightly, awaiting an explanation.

“I…”

She thought carefully about what she was about to say, as far as she knew, she could make the worst mistake of her life right now. But there was no denying her feelings.

“I want to stay here!”

She nearly yelled, staring with determination at the doctor’s expressionless mask.

“Today I… just… I saw so many new things, I felt so many new things… I don’t want to just forget it all…”

“I want to keep learning, I want to know about you, I want to know what these things are, these tools, these materials, this magic, this place… these feelings…”

Fear and thrill invaded her body as she continued, was she really doing the right thing? But it didn’t matter anymore, she had already chosen.

“I-I… want to keep feeling new things… and… I don’t want to forget you… so please… may I… stay?”

The doctor just stared at her motionless, somewhat creepily keeping absolute silence for what it felt like 20 seconds. Aidri felt her heart beating with force, wondering if she had just fucked up gravely, confessing her feelings like that to this person she barely knew really.

“Uhh…”

“How long have you been a delivery girl for?”

He finally said, leaving Aidri completely stumped at the change of topic.

“Eh... Since I was 14 sir… so about 4 years now”

“Does your company trust you?”

“Uhh very much sir… I never fail my tasks, so I’m always assigned the important deliveries… Oh, they even gave me permits to enter pretty much any mayor kingdom and palace”

The doctor stayed silent for a few seconds again.

“Well well, It looks like I have a job for you after all.”

“Eh?”

”You may stay, working with me from now on, and I’ll take good care of you in exchange.”

Aidri’s face beamed with excitement.

“For real?!”

The doctor stood up decisively, collecting all the dry pieces of clothing that were removed from Aidri earlier.

“Yes, come on now, we have to clean ourselves up and then this mess, and afterwards there’s plenty of other work to do, including a package to deliver. Everything else you’ll have to learn slowly.”

He started walking to a door that had just materialized on the forest, right at the edge of the platform. She followed, covering herself shyly, again conscious of her still naked body now that he mentioned all that.

“Oh... shouldn’t I take my panties too?”

She gazed at her panties still at the foot of the bed. They were soaking wet, with a lightly yellow coloration from absorbing her mostly clear pee. She flushed, thinking about how ridiculously wet they got when she wasn’t even wearing them.

“No, you said you wanted to feel new things so from now on, you’re not wearing any.”

She felt her face heat up a bit under the notion of such a strict requirement. But her heart was happy, and she couldn’t help but smile softly.

“Okay…”

She whispered.

“Uhh sir…?”

“Yes?”

“May I receive some head pats?”

She asked shyly.

“Always”

The End

///

Heya!. That would conclude this (for now?). Did you like it? Feedback is greatly appreciated!. Was this worth it? Will I continue writing? Thats not yet decided. So please leave me your thoughts! ; )

