Toilet for the Turnabout Thief (Ace Attorney Investigations)

Author: Captain L

*000*2019-12-26 13:16

March 14, 5:00 PM

Theatrum Neutralis

"So, did you enjoy the Steel Samurai show, Mr. Edgeworth," Kay Faraday cheekily asked the red-suited prosecutor as the two exited the theater doors into the lobby. His eyes only light up like that when he's closing in on the truth of a case. She giggled slightly, knowing this hidden truth about the fearsome Miles Edgeworth, while tossing a large, empty paper cup into a nearby trashcan like a basketball. It flew a little too far and hit the outer rim, falling into the bin with only a few half-melted ice cubes being dislodged and flying onto the floor. Good thing Mr. Edgeworth's not watching, or he'd for sure make me pick those up.

"It certainly was an interesting experience, to watch a show like that in such an elegant theater." True, Edgeworth had a point, this wasn't some run-of-the-mill school auditorium they were emerging from. This was the theater of the Allebahstian and Babahlese Embassies, hosting a public event to celebrate the intention of re-merging into the Principality of Cohdopia. And a Steel Samurai show was one of the events on the schedule.

But it wasn't the opportunity to watch a children's show live that brought the two here tonight. Or, rather, it wasn't Kay's primary motivation. Kay Faraday was the successor to the title of the Great Thief Yatagarasu, but recently, a shadow of seven years past had begun moving once more, taking that noble name and using it for evil. Kay had caught wind of the fake Yatagarasu's intention to attack the embassy tonight, when they would have a guaranteed audience, so here she was.

However, as vitally important of a topic as this was, it wasn't exactly at the forefront of the young thief's mind at the moment. Truthfully, there was something distracting her, even as she sat watching the Steel Samurai, gnawing away at her concentration with every passing second: Kay had gone a good long while without using the bathroom.

I've been so busy today, I haven't had the chance to go since this morning, Kay lamented as she began twisting her left foot in the fancy carpeting. She obviously didn't want to overtly give away her desperation, but just this mild shifting wasn't doing much to alleviate the pressure. She really needed to go.

Well, it doesn't look like the fake Yatagarasu attack is gonna happen in the next few minutes...I should really hit up the little thief's room while I can. Ugh, but I bet the line is gonna be torture. Regardless, Kay began to wander off in search of a bathroom, hopefully without having to cross country lines.

"Attention everyone," an usher emerging from the theater doors called out. "The Jammin' Ninja show will be starting shortly! Anyone who wishes to watch, we request that you take your seats now!"

What?! What awful timing! Kay Faraday would not miss a Jammin' Ninja live show for her life, but right now, she seriously had to consider this alternative. I really need to go...really really bad...but if I go to the bathroom now, I'll miss out on front-row seats! If the line is long, I could even miss the whole first act! A hand found its way to grip the front hem of her skirt, the most overt she was willing to be with this need in public, as she started looking between the theater doors, now with people filing in, and the further end of the lobby, where the toilets hopefully laid.

Before she could come to a conclusion, she was interrupted by Edgeworth. "Kay? You've spent the entire day gushing about the Jammin' Ninja, I had assumed you would be first in line to see this show."

I may never get this chance again...well, it's just one show. If the Yatagarasu were to need to pee during a heist, she'd be able to wait! So I'm sure I'll be fine! The Yatagarasu never shows weakness! "Oh, I'm coming, Mr. Edgeworth! You're going to see why the Jammin' Ninja is superior to the Steel Samurai for sure!" Kay put on a big, toothy smile, a show of pure confidence.

"Then I look forward to seeing what evidence you have to back up a radical statement such as that." Edgeworth and the thief walked into the theater and took their seats. Kay's hesitation had cost them the prime spots, but they still managed to find a pair of seats in a respectable spot. Soon enough, the audience lights dimmed, and the stage lights warmed up to power.

Before the performance had even officially begun, Kay had already resorted to placing one leg above the other and pressing down hard. This was a bad idea. I can feel it already. Too bad someone chose that moment to fill the seat between her and the aisle, meaning she couldn't leave now without making a scene. No, she had no choice but to retreat further into her chair, gripping the armrests (and stealing one of Edgeworth's in the process) as she shrunk down into her scarf. Be strong, Kay...

###

March 14, 6:05 PM

Theatrum Neutralis

For the second time tonight, Kay and Edgeworth exited the theater. In contrast to the previous show, Edgeworth left unimpressed, having already made up his mind against the Jammin' Ninja long before the curtains raised.

Kay, however surprising, was sharing a similarly low level of enthusiasm, wandering aimlessly like a zombie, completely devoid of her usual energy. She wanted to enjoy it, she really did, but she just couldn't concentrate on the intricacies of the Jammin' Ninja's story and deep lyrics in her current state. I couldn't even sing along to 'A Ninja Marked for Death's Lullaby' this time... Every time she began to get invested, let her fangirl side take over, a sharp pang from her bladder painfully warned her not to lose concentration. She had spent the entirety of the hour-long show crossing, uncrossing, and recrossing her legs, feeling her bladder expand like a water balloon. The short pair of shorts she wore beneath her skirt had begun to irritate the skin of her thighs as they continued to rub against one another in the seated dance. Truthfully, she had spent the second half seriously worried she'd wet herself. Everything she had in her was devoted to keeping what was in her, in her.

But I survived. I'm still dry. Now...bathroombathroombathroombathroom... She was more than willing to suffer through a line now, whatever led to the toilet she needed so desperately. "I'm gonna...go look for the fake Yatagarasu, Mr. Edgeworth," she muttered, in a trance-like state. Even with the adventures the two had been on together, meaning one yesterday and one seven years ago, Kay was not willing to let the prosecutor in on this sort of personal need.

"Very well. But don't stray too far. I'd rather avoid dealing with customs because you got too eager." With that permission, Kay hobbled away with both hands balled into fists against the front of her skirt, knuckles turning white beneath her thick gloves, shaking as they resisted the urge to grab her crotch full-force. I need to hurry, or I'm doomed. There's really no time to waste.

"W-We've got a problem! Th-The Yatagarasu has been spotted in Allebahst," an officer suddenly called out of the blue, panic and uncertainty wavering in his voice.

Agh, now? Really, now?! Even with a surge of adrenaline resulting from the possibility of the culmination of a search that had haunted Kay for seven of her seventeen years of life, she couldn't ignore the burning strain of a bladder ready to explode. She could burst at any moment, and a chase was sure to hurry that along. The police can catch her, and I'll have time to catch up later, I'm sure. I mean...they can catch one fake thief, right?

...guess I don't have much of a choice. "Then I'll be in Allebahst too! You think you can get away, faker?" With as much speed as she could muster, given her current condition, she ran for the entrance to the Allebahstian half of the embassy. Until she was stopped by an official at the door, of course. "Hey, come on, out of the way! I'm in a real rush here!" For a lot of reasons!

"I'm sorry, but I will need to search you before you may enter."

"Kay, a country's embassy is considered to be a part of the country itself," Edgeworth explained as he approached the thief, still trying to force her way through. "If you don't go through the proper procedures to enter the country-"

"Mr. Edgeworth! I'm going to enter through Babahl and climb over the wall into Allebahst!" It'll be faster! Again, with what agility she had to spare, Kay dashed to the opposite side of the lobby, where the Babahlese border lay. "Kay Faraday, and I'm coming through!"

"Yes, and welcome!" Babahl seemed to have no strict immigration policy, and Kay just waltzed straight through. Somewhere in the back, Edgeworth was calling out for her to stop, for someone to stop her, but she was already too far gone, consumed by the chase.

However, it was far from enough to distract her from the pent-up urine sloshing around the limited empty space in her bladder with every step as she bolted down the unoccupied halls. She had only just made the decision to forgo the toilet for the time being, and her constitution was already failing. Maybe that was a bad decision. I don't want to catch the fake Yatagarasu with wet pants, after all. Perhaps, if she passed a bathroom during the run, it would do her good to make a brief pit stop.

But then she'll get away! She's evaded the law for seven years, but she's not going to escape me this time! Just gotta wait until I've caught her... A nervous bead of sweat rolled down her face as she turned a corner. Well, no one said it'd be easy... It better not be too hard, though. I'm not sure how much longer I can take this...

###

March 14, 8:17 PM

Babahlese Embassy

Secretariat's Office

To say that Kay Faraday's chase would soon take a lot of crazy turns, starting as soon as she had gone off on her own, was a drastic downplaying of the truth. As soon as she had entered Babahl, she had encountered both a person in a cloak that she had assumed to be the fake Yatagarasu, and had begun pursuit into the deeper chambers of the embassy. An embassy on fire, as it turned out. She then discovered a dead body as soon as she had lost the trail, and had immediately been accused of the dastardly deed by Interpol Agent Shih-na.

Explaining everything that had happened since then would take forever, so much packed in such a short time. Edgeworth had worked hard to clear Kay's name free of suspicion of murder, a new truth had emerged about weapons smuggled across country lines, prompting Interpol intervention, and the core investigation team of Edgeworth, Franziska von Karma, and Agent Lang had moved their work into Allebahst's embassy. However, Kay had been left behind in Babahl, something about "not being cleared of all suspicion", under Shih-na's watch. At least she had Detective Dick Gumshoe, "Gummy" as she called him, to keep her company.

There was just one thing missing from that series of events, one very important thing: two hours later, and Kay Faraday had still not used the bathroom. Two hours of being forced to stand by, unable to distract herself with activity, being accused of murder, all the while feeling urine fill her bladder further and further, inflating into a bulge big enough to be evident, should anyone feel her stomach. Maybe that was why Edgeworth had to argue her case, aside from his legal expertise, she couldn't think straight enough to properly explain how she was innocent. The only thing she could think about was how badly she needed to pee and how she hadn't done so yet.

Actually, saying that she hadn't yet peed wasn't entirely accurate. No, the pervasive dampness permeating her panties made plenty clear, even if only to her, that she had absolutely peed something. Every once in a while, Edgeworth would come out strong with a loud "objection", she'd be startled and lose her grip, and a few drips of piddle would sneak out, stealthy as a great thief should be. Each time, Kay would double down and close the flow with a squeal, but over the span of two hours, the dribbles had added up, and the wetness made the urge to release the rest all the more tempting.

Pee...I've never needed to pee this badly...even that one incident on the airplane doesn't hold a candle...I'm going crazy here... Sweat practically poured down her face, bangs matted to her forehead by the salty bodily fluid, as her skin tinted a pink as deep as the hue of her shirt. She was always a bouncy girl, but she physically could not keep still anymore, as her foot twisted and tapped the wooden floor, kicking up a thin layer of soot from the earlier fire. She didn't want to be obvious, so she had taken to holding her bag in front of herself, creating a shield to squeeze her crotch every once in a while. I am the great thief Yatagarasu...the great truth burglar...I can't be foiled by a bathroom emergency!

However, as she looked up and tried to take in her surroundings, she realized: maybe she wasn't as subtle as she had thought, because Shih-na seemed to have her focus solely on Kay, watching her intently, like a cat would a raven. Even if she had no intention of doing so, having eyes on her made Kay even less willing to hold herself, and that was pretty irritating. "What are you looking at now? Hoping to find an opening to plant evidence on me to make me guilty of something else?"

As soon as she made the accusation, Gumshoe was right there to back her up. "Yeah, pal! Haven't you done enough bullying lately?! Mr. Edgeworth already proved her innocent, you can't keep treating her like a criminal!"

Despite the shout, Shih-na didn't react much. "You claim to be a thief, correct? Then it's my job to ensure you don't steal anything. For example, if you were to even touch that Primidux Statue, a lifetime in prison is your best-case scenario."

While she was a little too damp to light a fire of passion, Kay still couldn't just let that sleight pass her by. "H-hey! I'll have you know, the Yatagarasu is a noble thief, one who only steals the truth to expose the real criminals!"

Shih-na smirked. "All criminals claim that they are righteous. Letting your guard down around them, no matter their supposed morality, is the quickest way to get backstabbed. That's why I refuse to take my eyes off you."

Great, so she wouldn't let me run to the bathroom, even if I asked. And of course, just when I'm starting to consider it. With the suggestion that she couldn't even touch anything without earning suspicion, Kay had nothing to do but keep still, be quiet and hang her head. She probably would have done so regardless of her implied freedom, if only to conserve energy for the greater fight.

That's when Gumshoe gave an encouraging pat on the shoulder to the young thief. "Come on, Kay! Mr. Edgeworth entrusted us to investigate Babahl, so we can't let him down! I'm sure we'll find something big to turn this case around! You've always been a big help there, Detective Badd can attest to that!"

It would have been supportive, but there was just one thing that spoiled the moment: Gumshoe was a big guy, one that didn't always know his own strength. Because of this, his shoulder tap had enough force to cause a weakened girl, knees wobbly from all the desperation-induced shaking, to buckle and fall to one knee with a thud. "Oof! S-sorry, pal!" Gumshoe quickly bent down and wrapped his arm beneath Kay's elbow, lifting her back up to her feet.

As soon as she hit the floor, Kay's eyes widened and her pupils shrank, the breath knocked from her lungs in absolute shock. And it wasn't just air that escaped the thief then, as no small amount of liquid escaped from her lower secrets, as a result of both crashing into the ground and from being lifted. A shot of warmth spread throughout her underwear, one at least twice as large as any previous leak. She certainly hoped no one would be looking regardless, but a part of her now had to worry whether her little accident-to-be had remained confined to her panties, or whether it was beginning to show on her shorts. "Ah! Nononono!"

Once she squealed, Gumshoe recoiled back, removing his grip on Kay like she was on fire. "Woah! You okay, Kay?"

The leaks stopped, though not without a serious fight, and a few dribbles still sputtered out. I'm...I can't hold out any longer...Either I wet myself, or I... "Gummy...I gotta pee," she whispered to the detective. "I mean, really gotta pee. I'm n-not sure I c-can wait any longer..." The lower corners of her eyes started to water as a choke formed in her throat. "B-but I'm sure she won't let me go now..." Don't start crying...you promised you wouldn't cry...

As soon as Gumshoe was made aware of Kay's plight, his demeanor changed. Like a light switch being flipped, he went from being caring to Kay, straight to marching over to Shih-na, nostrils flaring as he towered over the petite Interpol agent like a raging bull. "Hey, pal! What's the big idea keeping Kay here?! Isn't that wrongful impersonation?!"

In a surprising move, Shih-na cracked a smile. "It's wrongful 'imprisonment'. You're a police detective, surely you know you can't let suspects do as they please. Or is it common practice in your country to release criminals?"

Gumshoe quickly shrank back down, mostly because it wasn't exactly an incorrect accusation. "C-can't you do something, pal," he asked to the ambassador, Colias Palaeno, standing in the corner.

Meanwhile, Kay was simply surprised he was the one Gumshoe went to. I forgot he was here.

The ambassador smiled, though not one born of kindness, and rubbed his hands together before answering. "W-well, while I may personally have my objections, this is a very troubling time and I wish to cooperate with the Interpol agent's wishes. I hope you can forgive me for not being more help."

Things went quiet in the charred office for a moment afterwards, as it seemed the argument had reached an impasse. And every passing second was magnified in Kay's desperate mind, slowly crawling towards the very near future where she wouldn't be able to hold out. Now that everyone knew that she was suffering, modesty kind of flew out the window, she quickly shoved both hands up her skirt and gripped with all her might, she clenched her teeth and kept her head down, eyes forced shut. Looks like I'm gonna have to...have to...

"Hold it!" But that shout shook Kay from her isolated funk, one so deep that she didn't initially recognize the voice. In fact, she didn't place it until she noticed Gumshoe, arm extended and finger pointing in Shih-na's face. Shih-na soon brushed it aside, an irritated expression on her face.

"G-Gummy, what are you doing?" Kay could barely talk anymore without sounding like she was about to burst into tears.

"Mr. Edgeworth always wins arguments with 'logic', so I figured I'd try the same!" Gumshoe beamed, but as much as she loved the big lug, it inspired no confidence in Kay. Regardless, he continued on his set trail, full speed. "The local precinct were the ones asked by the embassies to run security for the night, so any suspects taken in are up to us! And I say Kay is free to go!"

"So you wish to argue without your master present?" For the second time this night, the normally stoic Shih-na smirked cockily. "Security only serves to prevent crimes, and judging from the break-in, the fires, and the two murders, you failed at that simple job. The actual investigation and any decisions regarding the holding of suspects fall to those with investigative authority. That would be Interpol."

"You keep saying that, but we're in America, pal! What gives you the right?!"

"You retain nothing anyone else says, do you? Regardless of their physical locations, embassies are considered to rest on the soil of their native country. Therefore, as we have two connected murders spanning Allebahst and Babahl, this is an international case. So we hold the power here. Now, are you finished with the stupid questions? I'd rather get you out of here as soon as possible."

Just as quickly as he had puffed himself up, Gumshoe deflated. His fierce expression dropped, and he had already lost his fight. "S-sorry, Kay. Guess I couldn't measure up to Mr. Edgeworth, even for you." He scratched the back of his head as he sighed, dejected.

Yet, Kay was on a train of thought all her own, or rather, one besides "peepeepeepeepeepeepee". That last statement...that didn't sound right. So, if I press her on it... "Hold it! Why does it matter when we leave?" Maybe I've still got some of that prosecutor's blood in me.

She had broken character a few times over the night, but this was the first time they had seen Shih-na sweat. "W-well, that's because...investigations are a balance of having enough people to do the job, but not too many people so as to best preserve the crime scene. And you? You're both liable to mess up something sooner or later. So, the sooner your Edgeworth admits defeat and ends this long charade, the sooner we can get you two out of our hair."

Was...is that an opening? Then I might be able to end this in one shot! I better be able to, or its my pants that will get it! "You don't want the crime scene to be disturbed? Then how badly would a huge puddle on the floor mess up everything?"

Shih-na's eyes narrowed. "What do you mean?"

Kay would have done her own interpretation of one of Edgeworth's confident arguing poses, if she weren't deathly afraid to remove her hands from her crotch at this juncture. Actually, she accentuated it, by beginning a dance of rapid steps on the spot, bouncing with every hop, cradling her wrists between her thighs as her knuckles continuously tensed. "I'm saying, you keep me in here for much longer, and there'll be a puddle that wasn't there at the scene of the crime. Is that alright with you?"

"Is that a threat?"

Kay's strong rebuttal quickly devolved back down to pleading. "N-no, it's just a fact! It's gonna happen any minute if I can't go to the bathroom! I don't want to wet myself, you know, so it would really be better for both of us if you backed down!"

"For what it's worth, I would also rather avoid Manny's office being soiled," Ambassador Palaeno chimed in from the corner.

"Mmgh..." Shih-na remained silent for a while as she attempted to conjure a counter-argument, leaving Gumshoe with nothing to do but look on hopefully, and Kay had no choice but to continue with her fierce holding. She almost cracked under the pressure, the thought that she had hit an immovable wall, and was almost driven down to the floor to await the inevitable conclusion. That is, until she heard the quiet, unwilling voice of the Interpol agent. "Fine. If it will get you off my back, I'll allow it. However, I'll be accompanying you, in case this is all some elaborate ploy to escape."

For a second, Kay didn't even believe what she had heard. Even when reality set in, she couldn't afford to be too surprised, lest it cause her to leak in the recoil. Or, leak more than she already was. After all, she was on the verge of an accident, where any spurt could spell her end, making it all the more imperative she get to a toilet right this second. "T-that's totally fine! So let's go, before I go! Hurry, hurryhurryhurry!" Like an excited child hopped up on sugar, Kay was jumping up and down, though the cause was wildly different.

"You go ahead, so I can keep my eye on you. And until I return..." Shih-na pointed at Gumshoe. "You are to remain still. Touch anything without me present, and I'll have you charged with tampering with the scene of a crime."

"Got it, pal," Gumshoe saluted. "Just be sure to treat Kay right."

As ordered, the young Yatagarasu exited the room first, though extremely slowly. Shih-na was close to stepping on her heels as she followed. If I make too big a step, I'm gonna lose it for sure. It felt like an hour before she could emerge from the office into the extravagant hallway. One that branched both left and right. I...I'm pretty sure I came from the left, and I didn't see the bathroom, so...it has to be on the right? But what if I just missed it? Or what if it's on another floor? I've only got one shot at this, so-

"Right," informed Shih-na's voice from behind.

"H-huh?"

"Go to the right, and then take the next right. The restroom is on the left. Now hurry up." Shih-na even pushed on Kay's back to get her moving. Kay wasn't expecting that, and almost tripped forward because of it, which would have been disastrous.

Still, she kept moving forward, with as much composure as she could be expected to have. "T-thanks."

There wasn't much for conversation following this, just an eerie quietness as Kay hobbled through the hallway at a snail's pace, stopping every once in a while to clamp down harder and shake her rear end in desperation. While it could have very well been sweat on her palms, she couldn't shake the awful feeling that, as she clenched tighter, she had been squeezing wetness out of her underwear and into her shorts, where it could register against her hands. Come on, Kay, you're the next Yatagarasu! The bird that shines the light of righteousness on the world's blight! Just last a tiny bit longer!

That's when she saw it, out of the corner of her eye: a wooden door flush against the wall, made of a sturdy, quality wood similar to the ones Kay had seen at the prosecutor's offices. This specific door would not catch her attention, being identical to all others in the embassy, had it not been for the little gold plaque bolted on the upper half, adorned with but one word: "Ladies". Kay's eyes widened and her heart skipped a beat as the significance of the room that laid beyond this door sank in. I made it...I made it!

The fight wasn't over quite yet, though. She had been extremely cautious up to this point, but with the promise of relief within grasp, now was not the time to be careful. "Anyone in there, I'm coming through!" With more the sort of speed she'd display if she wasn't about to have an accident, the thief barged through the door, practically ripping it off its hinges with the momentum, and was met with the Babahlese Embassy's women's restroom. Despite the artistic touches of the building housing it, the bathroom was nothing special, closer to the level of a nicer restaurant's bathroom, with three modest stalls and a fourth, larger one on the far wall. But, to Kay Faraday's teary eyes and bladder about to burst, it was paradise, especially with the action of the night rendering it completely unoccupied, giving her free pickings to her stall of choice. She picked the closest, barreling in with reckless abandon.

Inside the tiny closet, Kay quickly turned the latch with trembling hands, locking herself inside, and pivoted to face her true goal, the clean white toilet. This sight, as Kay soon discovered, was both a blessing and a curse. While it was nice to see the finish line of her long, torturous marathon, the mere image of the porcelain bowl sent her nerves into overdrive. Just the suggestion that she'd be peeing into the basin soon turned her bladder impatient, and out jetted another fraction of its warm contents. Not a spurt, but a full pee for a second or two. "Aaaahhhhhh!" Even with the toilet within arm's reach, she had no choice but to instead double down on holding, keeping both hands shoved against her crotch.

But it wasn't helping. Regardless of whether she clutched or not, the drips continued, increasing in frequency until it was almost a steady stream. She couldn't exactly see at the moment, but she couldn only imagine how little dryness remained on her panties. I...I have to go for it! Or I'll have an accident! Taking a gamble, she pulled both hands away from between her legs, and instead diverted them to the zipper of her shorts, eager to yank it down immediately.

It couldn't be that easy. Hands shivering, Kay just couldn't get a solid grip on the zipper tag, no matter how many times she brought her thumb and index finger together. "Come on...come on!" Zipper, I need you to come down now! Yet, every time, her fingers just couldn't clasp together tight enough, or they'd slip off the sides whenever she applied pressure.

Crap! It's these gloves! To ensure she'd be prepared for any tough scenario in an infiltration, Kay wore a pair of hearty gloves, a little stiff but strong enough to withstand her usual activities. That tradeoff made them absolutely unusable in taking off her shorts, she needed a bit more finesse. So, she raised her right hand to her mouth and bit into the side of the glove, yanking herself out of the mitt and spitting it onto the ground. With a bare hand, getting a grasp on the zipper was much easier, and one hand was enough to pull the zipper down and hurriedly undo the button as well. Her left hand lifted her skirt, because there was no way she'd be undoing the belt keeping it on right now, while her right hand held tight onto the front of her shorts and pushed downwards.

Once again, her strife just had to continue. Her shorts were meant to be a little on the tight side, so even with the fasteners unfastened, it would take some effort to get them down. "Come on, fall down! I'm going to pee my pants if you don't go down!" The muscles in her right arm tensed as she put force into what should have been such a simple task, wiggling her hips to change the specific areas of tightness, and as such, they slowly slid down. Once they made it halfway down her thighs, her legs thinned out enough that gravity could handle the rest, and they crumpled at her ankles.

With her shorts off and in plain sight at her feet, Kay could now see that, yes, she had leaked a considerable amount of urine, enough to create a nickel-sized dark patch in the groin of her pants. It was concerning, no doubt, but nowhere close to the horrific image she was made to bear witness to once she hastily grabbed the waistband of her underwear with both hands and shoved them down to join the rest of her bottomwear. Her panties were meant to be a moderately dark red color, but now approximately half, especially the back, was a deep garnet red, and shining with wetness reflecting light. There was also a pattern, large white passionflower outlines, adorning the undergarment, many now discolored to better resemble yellow sunflowers.

But none of that mattered now. While she had, in no small amount, wet herself, there was no cloth wrapping her lower half left to wet. On the contrary, the slight chill of the air conditioning was able to brush against the dampness clinging to the skin of her "most valuable treasure" thanks to her bottom nudity. And that was exactly what she wanted. Spinning a half-circle to face the stall door, Kay shifted her balance backwards and basically fell onto the toilet seat, with no semblance of grace or elegance. In a stroke of unplanned good fortune, her waist-length scarf fell to a rest on top of the back tank, instead of getting wedged between her butt and the seat.

She didn't even make it all the way down before her bladder had had enough, and the dam erupted a half-foot in the air. The brief spray flew forward, splashing onto her clothes and the tile floor, before she took her seat and directed the torrent into the bowl instead. Kay had been holding her breath those last few moments, but finally reaching her target in the nick of time was occasion to release that air, in a wavering and breathy moan. "Nghh...nghoooooooohhhhhhhhhhh..."

That was far from the only sound emanating from within this stall, to boot. The hiss of the pee gushing from her body was one thing, one very loud thing, but the crash as the golden firehose slammed into the inner bowl could not be ignored, nor could the gentle stream as it cascaded into the waiting water below. Because Kay had leaned away, hitting the back of her head against the back wall in doing so, the sheer power was enough to rocket the pee forward, hitting the wall instead of the toilet water.

And Kay Faraday was in heaven. Not even the most valuable treasure in the world could come close to comparing to the bliss coursing through her veins at this very moment, as that waterlogged and bloated sensation from beneath her stomach faded away, leaving nothing but euphoria in its wake. And it just kept coming, no matter how much of an ocean she poured out, there were no signs of slowing. Simply put, no matter how great a thief they may be, no girl her size should be able to contain this sort of volume, never mind the hazy definition of "contain" when it came to tonight.

That's not to say there wasn't a strain to doing her business, of course. Indeed, while Kay was not putting forward a conscious effort to make her nether regions the fountain they had become, there was this sort of innate barrier she was crossing, an instinct baked in for the last three hours to simply hold it. Even on the toilet, having lost all semblance of control, her pee couldn't just flow freely. It took some amount of core muscle expenditure to make it happen as smoothly as it was, and Kay had the warm, sweaty face to prove it.

Kay's chest heaved as she struggled to regain control of her breathing, but the smile across her cheeks was unmistakable. She had a lot of high goals in her life, goals that were expected to feel wonderful to accomplish, but on a purely physical level, she doubted she would ever exceed this. Still, even with that, one coherent thought flashed in her mind amidst a tumultuous sea of relief: I am making extra sure I visit the toilet early from now on. Nothing was worth that he-

All of a sudden, the thief girl was deafened. How could she possibly hear even her own inner voice with the storm of crashing water now echoing tenfold in the small bathroom stall? Her peeing angle had changed, and now Kay was aiming straight below, into the water, with enough raw power to cause tiny droplets to fly far enough up to collide with her bare legs. The explosion of noise surprised her, she jolted in shock on her seat, and sat straight up. Her gaze drifted downwards, giving her her first view of her handiwork. Yes, the pee was strong, thick and uneven, with an obvious yellow tinge that clouded what was once clear water, now a golden pool. I guess I'm not drinking quite enough, but could you imagine if I drank more? I'd have been doomed hours ago!

Still staring below, Kay saw the first signs of her bladder nearing emptiness with her own eyes, a reduction in intensity of the private act coupled with smoothly diminishing volume. Within a few seconds, the sound was less akin to a filling bath when Kay was feeling impatient and turned the faucets as far as they would spin, and better resembled something as ridiculous as "a pee when she used the bathroom with time to spare". A few sputters of higher power still broke the monotony, but soon, everything was quiet, save for a few stray drops from inside and stuck to her outsides dripping down.

She had no clue how long it had taken, sense of time was a bit muddled in her state, but it was over. Yet, Kay didn't move. She slumped forward, elbows resting above her knees, and gasped for air like she had just run a marathon. Every exhale had a tone, a specific sound it was trying to convey. "Haaahhh....haahahahhh...aaahhh....hhhhhaaaaaaaa! Ah, that feels so much better!" A dull soreness remained in her bladder, but for the most part, every ounce of pain had been ejected in a steamy gush. Content and happy, Kay reached off to the side, to the wall-mounted toilet paper dispenser.

Her hand found nothing. The mechanism was there, but no matter where she reached on the bottom, no roll met her. With each pat, she grew more frantic, until a dozen grasps at nothing later, she had to accept reality. There's no toilet paper. Of all times, there's no toilet paper now. Even if she was using the bathroom casually, a lack of toilet paper was worrying, she might live with the resulting wetness should she not wipe but it was something to avoid. But now? When there was a lot more dampness on her bottom half that needed to be attended to? I'd rather die. She began digging through her bag, which she had never taken off her shoulder, pawing through the assorted knickknacks and tools. And of all days to not restock my tissues!

While anything traditionally toilet paper-like was absent from her belongings, one other item stood out to her at this juncture: a stack of coupons Ambassador Palaeno had foisted upon her, that she had accepted because she couldn't think of a reason to say no. She took a fistful out and looked them over. Each was a discount for something, should she visit Babahl one day before the expiration date. There probably aren't any good treasures in Babahl, so I don't think I'll be making the trip anytime soon...and this is an emergency... She bent them in her palm, finding the paper the coupons were printed on to be much firmer than toilet paper, and much less absorbent as a result. She weighed her options, use the coupons, cover herself with her bag and waddle to the next stall, or ask Shih-na for help again?

I mean...they'll work, right? Taking the top coupon from the pile, Kay laid it flat in her hand and carried it between her open legs, gingerly tapping the paper against her privates, extremely careful to use only the flat side and not let any of the edges anywhere close to anything sensitive down below. Some of the dampness did transfer into the paper, but most of it retained its drop-like shape on the surface, sliding off whenever there was a decline. Soon enough, the surface was wet all over, but the amount of dryness provided paled in comparison to a proper square of toilet paper. So, into the bowl it fell, and a second coupon took its place.

By the time she felt suitably dry, she had burned through a half-dozen coupons, and had only one remaining in her stack, one used to touch up her inner legs a bit and put her back in full, presentable, tip-top shape. "Phew! Glad that's over!" All that was left was to pull her pants back up, and she was good to go! She placed her open palms on the sides of the toilet seat and pushed, starting to bring herself to her feet.

That's when she looked down at the assorted clothing resting at her feet, and had to recall just how much she had...irreparably destroyed her panties. While the minuscule damp patch on her shorts was easy enough to survive, her panties were drenched all over, she'd never last the rest of the night in those. Another quick rustle through her bag confirmed her fear. Don't have any spare underwear, either. Her heart sank as she realized she'd have to make do, one way or another.

...guess the embassies will be visited by a commando Yatagarasu tonight. Wearing shorts under my skirt was the smartest decision I ever made. Taking the time to pick her discarded glove off the floor and put it back on, Kay used both hands to grab the sides of her tall left boot, shifting her foot to pop it out, and repeating the same with her right boot. With nothing but socks on her feet, there was nothing easier than sliding her shorts off all the way, and her panties soon followed. Wincing, she picked up the undergarment by the edge of the waistband, one of the few dry spots remaining, and held it up to eye-level to look at it closer. The mere fact that drops fell off even now told her everything she needed to know. I'm never going to feel clean if I wear these again.

That left her with but one solution. Pulling a small plastic bag from her stuff, because she had those on her even if nothing else was, she shoved her underwear in and sealed it tight, hiding the shameful cloth in her bag. The sigh of relief that followed meant she had finished, her bathroom break was done and the cleanup was complete. Calm and collected, zipping her shorts was far easier, and with a quick bit of redressing and a brief pat down to straighten her outfit out, and all was well. She pushed the handle and flushed the evidence of her pit stop away, and Kay Faraday emerged from the stall, a little embarrassed but so, so relieved.

"Are you finished now," Shih-na asked as the thief exited into view, irritated.

Kay had slipped her gloves off and shoved them into her pockets as she approached the row of sinks, and began washing her hands thoroughly, using twice as much soap as usual to make extra sure she left no lingering urine on her skin. "Yeah, yeah, I'm done. I guess I should say thanks, but...you know, considering the whole "accusing me of murder" thing..." Pulling her hands from beneath the faucet and shaking them dry, she walked over towards the door, where an automatic dryer awaited her.

"Now, will you be quiet and let us do our jobs?"

The humming of the dryer stopped, and Kay put her gloves back on. "I'll be quiet about begging to use the bathroom, sure, but you've still got quite the arguments coming your way. Me and Mr. Edgeworth have some connections to what's happening here tonight, and we'll make sure the truth comes out for all to see."

"Being nice to you was a mistake." Whether she had forgotten their agreement or just didn't care, Shih-na took the lead going back.

The return walk to the office was even quieter the other way. With nothing important to say, the two said nothing, just strolled back to where they came from. And the first trash can they passed, Kay quickly and quietly pulled her underwear from her bag and tossed it in, never breaking stride in the process, like a ninja. And with that, Kay Faraday's bathroom misadventures of the night had truly come to a close, freeing her to focus on the real objective of the night. Just you wait, fake Yatagarasu. With Mr. Edgeworth, Gummy, and me working together, you don't stand a chance of hiding! This modern day Robin Hood is going to unmask your vile deeds, and steal the truth for the world! Just... She looked back one more time at the trash can shrinking in the distance. Maybe the world doesn't need to know the whole truth.

