Emma's marmalade surprise pt.1

Author: Connor Temple

*000*2024-09-14 12:04

Hi guys, I'm back with my second story. Again one that i was inspired to write about some girls I fancied in the past (note: these are fictionalised versions of them, only taking inspiration for some aspects of their appearance. Also they are eighteen). This is just part one: let me know if you want me to upload part two 😉

***

Emma crossed her legs, bending forwards, as another wave of desperation surged through her. She tucked her arms in to her stomach to prevent the pressure in her guts from evacuating her bowels. She had needed to use the toilet in her last hour at the museum, but they had spent so long that she'd had no time to, or they would have missed the bus. Now she wished she had delayed them all leaving and rushed to answer the call then. She clenched her bumhole to prevent leakage, praying that the bus would get her home soon. Her eyes welled with tears.

Then the bus went over a bump, and a new urge hit her, one so strong that she had to jam her leg underneath herself to prevent an accident. Emma gasped in mental and physical shock. After a while her leg began cramping up, so she gently removed it from underneath her. A piece of poo leaked out of her into her knickers, and Emma froze, clenching her sphincter again. She had had a minor accident. As long as she could prevent herself from having a full blown one...

***

Emma frowned with discomfort, rubbing her belly. Beads of sweat rolled down her face, as the effort seemed to overwhelm her. All other thoughts disappeared from her mind; "Do not poo. Do not poo. Do not poo." she repeated over and over in her mind. But the urge was growing stronger, and Emma's sphincter was growing weaker. Her heart rate was increasing now, as was her breathing rate. She thrust her chest out, taking a deep breath, her large breasts pushing out against her jumper. 

She wiped the sweat off her forehead, looking around in wide-eyed panic. She had to relieve herself, now! Then another wave of desperation hit her, and she bent over again, moaning. Her cotton knickers were sticking uncomfortably to her, sweaty and sticky. She moved her hand, keeping her arm across her belly, and loosened the camel toe that had formed. It took a bit of effort because of the sweat, and Emma yanked, pushing her elbow into her belly. This put unwanted pressure on her bowels, and another piece of poo pushed out into her pants.

Emma let out a pained gasp, now on the verge of tears. The telltale scent of faeces slowly wafted up and stung her nostrils, but after a few minutes seemed to disappear. She had been worried that other people near would be able to smell it too, but now that the smell seemed to be lessening, hopefully it would be very unlikely anyone else could smell it. Unless she was getting used to it, it being her own excrement, and maybe the smell hadn't actually lessened for anyone else, thought Emma. 

She felt her heart pump in her chest at this new worry. She shook her head, shaking away the new worry though. She had more important things to concentrate on. Like not shitting her pants! Emma wiped her face with her hands, pressing it tight, breathing heavily. Releasing her hands from her face, she shook her head, shaking her hair around, running her finger in a line along her forehead to push the hair back up and then doing the sam eon the other side. Her face was pink with the effort of holding it all in, and, looking down at her pressed together thighs, she thought to herself "How much longer can I last?"

***

As Emma looked out of the window, she thought of the girl her attention had been drawn to recently, but that she still hadn't been able to approach. In her year, a light-ginger girl, with plump cheeks covered in marmalade freckles. Whenever she came near Emma, her knees weakened. She blushed at the memory, her own plump cheeks turning scarlet. Her labia started to become wet at the thought of the girl, and she started to become lost in a sweet, hazy fantasy. Emma was then suddenly jolted back to reality by another burst of pressure in her bowels, and she bent over again, wrapping her stomach with her arms again. She finally reached the end of her tether.

The pressure mounted, and Emma squeezed her legs and her sphincter one final time, but it was no good. She lost control, and her eyes closed as a splurge, followed by a longer squelch, echoed up from her knickers. She felt a medium piece of poo push out into her knickers, pushing against her bum. A second, longer piece followed, curling against the fabric of her knickers. Emma opened her eyes, her mouth opening in a pained expression, no sound coming out, as a few more smaller pieces were released. It was now that she felt her cheeks become hot, and she looked dead ahead as tears welled in her eyes, and then cascaded down her burning, plump cheeks.

***

