New Haven, and the women with nowhere to pee

Author: cwpee

*000*2023-04-13 21:52

I would like to start by saying that the idea for this is 100% from The city without a ladies room by Fullbladder85. I love the premise of that story, so I created my own variation using Chat GPT. While the beginning was done with very loose prompts, The further in to the story, the longer and more detailed my prompts, to the point that I was almost using it as an editor rather than a story writer.

Also, it takes a little bit to get there, it ends up having a reasonably plausible explanation for the lack of women's toilets (basically, its an old European city with no infrastructure, so even the men's rooms are awful, and there is no budget to put in new toilets.)

I won't get into all of the prompts, as just this section took 7 or 8, but the first prompt was "Please create a story about a woman living in a city where the only bathrooms for women were in their own homes. The women all thought this was normal and accepted it.", followed by "However, it didn't last long. The police tore it down and charged the women with criminal mischief and each of them were arrested. "

All of this is exactly as it came out of Chat GPT, with the only exception being that I removed my prompts, and spliced them together. I will probably start doing to minor editing / formatting to make it more readable going forward, though.

###

In the bustling city of New Haven, there was a woman named Anna who had lived there her whole life. She was used to the busy streets, the constant noise, and the hustle and bustle of city life. But there was one thing about her city that she never quite got used to: the lack of public restrooms for women.

In New Haven, the only bathrooms available to women were in their own homes. This was a tradition that had been in place for generations, and Anna had never questioned it. She simply accepted it as a fact of life, like the way the sun rose in the east every morning.

But as she got older, Anna began to realize just how inconvenient this tradition was. Whenever she was out and about in the city, she would have to carefully plan her trips to make sure she was always near a bathroom she could use. If she had to stay out for longer than expected, it could be a real challenge to find a place to relieve herself.

One day, Anna was walking through a park in the center of the city when she saw a group of women gathered around a small building. Curious, she approached them to see what was going on. It turned out that the women had built a public restroom for women, completely on their own. They had raised the funds, designed the building, and even done the construction themselves.

Anna was amazed. She had never thought it was possible for women to have their own public restroom in the city. But these women had proven her wrong. And as she stepped inside the new facility, she felt a sense of liberation wash over her. For the first time in her life, she didn't have to worry about finding a bathroom when she was out in the city.

Anna started to realize that the lack of public restrooms for women had been a problem that had been ignored for far too long. But thanks to the initiative of these women, things were starting to change. Anna felt a renewed sense of pride in her city, and in the women who were working to make it a better place for everyone.

For a brief moment, Anna felt a sense of relief as she used the public restroom built by the women in the park. But her relief was short-lived. Just as she was leaving, a group of police officers arrived on the scene, accompanied by a bulldozer.

Anna watched in horror as the officers tore down the newly constructed restroom, leaving nothing but a pile of rubble. The women who had built the restroom stood in shock and disbelief, unable to comprehend what was happening.

The police officers informed the women that they were being charged with criminal mischief and ordered them to disperse. Anna watched as each woman was handcuffed and taken away in a police car. She couldn't believe what she was seeing. These women had only been trying to provide a basic necessity for themselves and others, and now they were being treated like criminals.

Anna stood frozen in shock as she watched the police officers arrest the women who had built the public restroom in the park. She felt a sense of helplessness and frustration as the officers ignored her attempts to intervene. But her horror was about to become even more palpable.

As the officers began to disperse the crowd of women, Anna found herself caught up in the chaos. Despite her attempts to distance herself from the commotion, she was suddenly grabbed by two officers and handcuffed.

Anna couldn't believe what was happening. She had never been arrested before in her life, and she was being treated like a criminal for simply using a public restroom. As she was shoved into a police car and driven away, Anna felt a sense of despair and desperation.

The police took Anna and the other women to a holding cell, where they were all kept for the night. The cell was small and cramped, with barely enough room for everyone to sit down. But worst of all, there was no bathroom.

Anna and the other women were forced to endure almost 24 hours without access to a restroom. They begged and pleaded with the officers to let them use the bathroom, but their pleas fell on deaf ears.

As the women sat in the holding cell, unable to use the restroom, the need to relieve themselves became more and more urgent. They had to resort to desperate measures to hold their bladders since there was nowhere for them to go.

Some of the women tried to distract themselves from the discomfort by talking to each other or playing games. Others paced back and forth, trying to relieve the pressure on their bladders. But as time went on, their efforts became more and more futile.

The women had to physically hold their bladders, using every muscle in their bodies to prevent themselves from urinating. They crossed their legs, squeezed their thighs together, and tried to ignore the overwhelming urge to relieve themselves.

As the hours passed, the situation became increasingly unbearable. The stench of urine filled the air as the women began to leak, unable to hold on any longer. Some of them were reduced to tears, overwhelmed by the pain and discomfort.

But even in the midst of their suffering, the women refused to give up. They knew that they were fighting for a basic human right, and they were willing to endure whatever it took to make their voices heard.

To pass the time, they decided to tell each other some of the worst times they weren’t able to make it to their homes to pee. As Sarah began to recount her story, the other women listened intently, empathizing with her desperation and humiliation.

Sarah had been on her way to a job interview, feeling nervous and excited. She had dressed up in her best clothes and had taken extra care with her hair and makeup. But as she was walking to the interview, she suddenly felt an urgent need to use the restroom.

Sarah looked around frantically, hoping to find a nearby bathroom. But there was none to be found. She asked a nearby store if she could use their bathroom, but was told it was for customers only. She pleaded with them, explaining that she was on her way to a job interview, but they refused to budge.

Sarah realized that she had no choice but to continue on to the interview. But as she walked, her need to use the restroom became more and more urgent. She tried to hold it in, but it was becoming increasingly painful.

Finally, as she was walking past a construction site, Sarah saw an opening in the fence. Without thinking, she ducked into the construction site, hoping to find a place to relieve herself.

But as she was looking around, she heard a shout from behind her. She turned to see a group of construction workers staring at her.

Sarah felt a sense of panic rising in her chest. She knew that she had been caught in a compromising situation, and there was no way to hide it. She tried to explain her situation to the workers, but they just laughed and jeered.

Sarah left the construction site, her clothes and dignity in disarray, feeling embarrassed and humiliated, she tried to compose herself as best she could. She straightened her clothes and hair, trying to look as presentable as possible. But she couldn't shake the feeling of shame that had settled over her.

Sarah continued on to the job interview, feeling increasingly uncomfortable as her bladder continued to fill. She had to concentrate on holding it in, squeezing her thighs together and crossing her legs.

The pressure in her bladder was becoming unbearable, and she was starting to worry that she wouldn't be able to hold it in much longer. She tried to distract herself by reviewing her notes for the interview, but her mind kept wandering back to her need to use the restroom.

Finally, after what seemed like an eternity, Sarah arrived at the interview. She took a deep breath and tried to focus on the task at hand, but the discomfort in her bladder was too much to ignore.

As she sat through the interview, Sarah felt a sense of desperation rising in her chest. She tried to stay focused on the questions being asked, but all she could think about was the urgent need to use the restroom. As things were wrapping up, she felt a few drops of urine escape into her panties.

When the interview was finally over, Sarah rushed out of the building and headed straight for the nearest subway station. She had been holding her bladder for so long that she felt a sense of urgency to get home and relieve herself.

As she descended the stairs to the subway platform, Sarah felt a sudden sharp pain in her lower abdomen. She doubled over in pain, clutching her stomach.

Her bladder had been under so much pressure for so long that it had started to cramp and spasm. Sarah realized that she might not make it home in time.

She looked around frantically, hoping to find a bathroom, but there was none to be found. The subway platform was crowded with people, but there was no one who could help her.

Sarah tried to hold on, squeezing her thighs together and crossing her legs. But the pain was becoming unbearable, and she knew that she couldn't hold it in much longer.

Finally, as the train pulled into the station, Sarah felt a sudden rush of urine escape her body. She tried to cover it up as best she could, but there was no hiding the stain on her clothes.

Sarah felt a sense of shame and embarrassment wash over her. She had been caught in the act once again, and there was nothing she could do to hide it.

As she boarded the train, feeling humiliated and defeated, Sarah couldn't help but think about how unfair it was that women were forced to go through this ordeal every day. It wasn't just a matter of inconvenience or discomfort - it was a violation of their basic human rights.

Sarah made it home eventually, feeling exhausted and ashamed. She knew that she couldn't keep living like this, constantly worrying about finding a restroom, constantly holding her bladder. She was determined to fight for change, to make sure that no woman ever had to go through what she had gone through.

Despite the humiliation and discomfort she had experienced, Sarah knew that she didn't have much of a choice but to proceed with her life as usual. For the previous 21 years of her life, she had been dealing with the lack of public restrooms for women in the city, and she knew that she would have to continue dealing with it until change was made.

Sarah tried to put the embarrassing incident behind her and focus on other things. She went to work, met with friends, and went about her day-to-day life as usual. But every time she had to use the restroom, the memory of the incident would come flooding back.

As Sarah was finishing her story, one of the women in the group suddenly doubled over in pain, a look of panic on her face. Before anyone could react, a sudden gush of urine splattered on the floor, leaving a large wet stain.

The woman, named Maria, was mortified. She had been holding her bladder for so long that she couldn't hold it in any longer. She apologized profusely, her face burning with shame.

The other women in the group immediately reassured Maria, telling her that it wasn't her fault and that they understood what she was going through. They helped her clean up the mess and made sure that she was okay.

*003*2023-04-14 04:26

{{52 minutes ago, huberp76 said:

Great story!

The imagination that they were forced to hold their pee for 24 hours, is exciting and arousing.

I think that there will be another girl who tell us her worst holding experience!!?

}}

Yep, there's more to come! I tried to come up with ways to have smaller stories within the overall story, and this seemed like a good method. While I came up with the plot device, Sarah's (and another's) story were entirely AI generated. (My prompt was simply "Each one started telling stories about the worst time they had to pee in the city. The next chapter is the first story"). There were a few others where I gave it a prompt to start. I should have those up soon, I just need to find the time to fix the formatting, and I'm on my phone right now.

Interestingly, the AI came up with the 24 hours, I just told it "until the next morning". Admittedly, that could have been almost 24 hours, but in my mind it was already after work when that happened, so closer to 12 hours. I figured that if some women could already wait all day at work, they could wait all night. Also, like in Fullbladder85"s story, most women here have very strong bladders since many of them go all day without being able to relieve themselves, so that seemed within the realm of possibility for some.

*005*2023-04-15 04:01

As Maria composed herself, another woman, named Emily, began to share her own story. The other women listened intently, empathizing with her desperation and humiliation.

Emily had been at a concert in a large arena, enjoying the music and the atmosphere. But as the night wore on, she suddenly realized that she needed to use the restroom. She looked around, but there was no sign of a restroom anywhere. Emily asked a nearby security guard if there was a restroom, but he just shrugged and told her that he didn't know. Emily tried to hold it in, but the pressure in her bladder was becoming too much to bear. Finally, in desperation, Emily decided to try to find a secluded spot where she could relieve herself. She found a dark corner of the arena and crouched down, hoping to find some relief.

At last she finally found a spot, but as she was lowering her pants she suddenly heard a voice behind her. She turned to see a man staring at her, a look of disgust on his face. Emily felt a sense of panic rising in her chest. She knew that she had been caught in a compromising situation, and there was no way to hide it. She tried to explain her situation to the man, but he just sneered and shook his head. Emily was forced to abandon her search for a restroom for now and return to her seat. She sat through the rest of the concert, feeling increasingly uncomfortable and anxious. When the concert was finally over, Emily rushed out of the arena and headed straight for the nearest restroom.

As Emily hurried away, feeling the pressure in her bladder building to an unbearable level, she was dismayed to find that the only available restrooms were a few portable toilets. The line for the toilets was long and snaked around the corner, filled with desperate women who had been holding their bladders for hours. As Emily stood in line, the discomfort in her bladder grew more and more intense. She tried to focus on something else, distracting herself with her phone or the people around her, but the pressure was relentless. Every passing minute felt like an eternity, as Emily's bladder continued to cramp and spasm. She had to squeeze her thighs together and cross her legs, desperate to hold it in for just a little longer.

But the line barely moved, and the men's toilets nearby were overflowing with men who were relieving themselves wherever they could - on fences, in bushes, even in public alleys. Emily felt a sense of frustration and desperation building inside her. She knew that there were no other women's restrooms nearby, and she couldn't bring herself to join the men's line. She tried again to find a quiet corner or a secluded alley where she could relieve herself, but everywhere was crowded and busy. She felt trapped, held captive by her own bladder. The pain and discomfort were almost unbearable, and Emily knew that she couldn't hold it in much longer. She felt like she was about to burst, like her bladder was going to explode.

Then she realized with growing panic that she was only halfway through the line and there was no way she could make it. In a desperate bid to find relief, Emily began to frantically dance in the line, trying to take her mind off the discomfort and the pressure. She looked around, hoping to find some other solution, but everywhere was crowded and busy. As the line continued to move slowly, Emily's desperation grew more and more intense. She felt like she was on the brink of losing control, like her bladder was going to explode any second.

Finally, in a moment of desperation, Emily decided her only chance was to catch a ride home. She fumbled with her phone, trying to find a rideshare app, and finally managed to book an Uber. When the car arrived, Emily jumped into the back seat, feeling like she was about to burst. She tried to relax and breathe deeply, but the pressure was relentless. Less than a minute later, Emily felt a sudden and uncontrollable leak, the warm liquid spreading across her clothes and the seat of the car. She tried to squeeze her muscles together, but it was no use - the floodgates had opened.

Emily screamed at the driver to stop the car, feeling a sense of panic and humiliation washing over her. She could feel the hot urine streaming down her legs, and she knew that there was no way to stop it. The driver pulled over, looking at her in confusion and alarm. Emily leaped out of the car, her pants and dignity in disarray, and ran to the side of the road. She dropped her pants without a second thought, not caring who saw her, and continued to pee. The relief was almost instantaneous, the pressure in her bladder finally subsiding. But as Emily stood there, feeling humiliated and ashamed, she knew that there would be consequences. She would have to pay a hefty cleaning fee for the car, and she would have to deal with the embarrassment of what had happened.

As the other women in the group listened to Emily's story, they felt a sense of outrage and indignation. How could it be that in a modern city like this, women were still being forced to suffer the humiliation and shame of holding their bladders, of being unable to find a restroom?

As Emily finished her story, one of the women in the cell suddenly doubled over in pain, a look of panic on her face. Before anyone could react, a sudden gush of urine splattered on the floor, leaving a large puddle beneath her feet. The woman, named Maria, was mortified. She had been holding her bladder for so long that she couldn't hold it in any longer. She apologized profusely, her face burning with shame. The other women in the group immediately reassured Maria, telling her that it wasn't her fault and that they understood what she was going through.

As the women helped Maria clean up the mess and made sure she was okay, another woman in the cell spoke up. She recounted a harrowing experience that had happened to her at a small regional airport nearby.

The woman, named Jennifer, had an important job interview. She was dressed up in a cream dress that showed off her figure. It took her too long to choose her outfit, then she got stuck in traffic. By now she was running late for her flight, plus she was feeling the pressure in her very full bladder. She had assumed that she could relieve herself once she was inside the gate area, but to her dismay, there wasn't a toilet to be found. It was a small regional airport with only a few gates. Jennifer searched high and low, asking airport staff and other passengers for help, but a few vending machines and a snack bar seemed to be the only facilities in the entire terminal.

When she finally found the toilet, it was being cleaned! With her flight arriving soon, Jennifer knew that she didn't have a choice. She had to board the plane, hoping that she would be able to relieve herself during the flight. However, when the plane pulled up she realized that it was so small it might not even have a toilet. She asked at the gate, and sure enough it didn’t. She was so desperate she thought about waiting until the next flight, but then she would end up missing her interview. It was only a 45 minute flight, so she would just have to hang on.

It was a tiny plane with only 20 people on the flight, including Jennifer, and they were all crammed in like sardines. There were 5 rows of 4 seats and they were tiny and uncomfortable, with barely enough legroom to stretch out. What was worse, she was towards the back so it would take even longer to exit. As the plane took off, Jennifer felt a growing sense of panic and desperation. The pressure in her bladder was almost unbearable, and she knew that she wouldn't be able to hold it in for much longer. She tried to relax and breathe deeply, hoping to take her mind off the discomfort and the pressure. But it was no use - the urge to pee was relentless.

As the flight continued, Jennifer's desperation grew more and more intense. She tried to distract herself by reading a book, listening to music, or chatting with the other passengers, but the pressure in her bladder was all-consuming. Jennifer knew she had to hold between her legs if she wanted to stay dry, but it was so embarrassing. She leaned over to the old man next to her, hoping for some sympathy or understanding, but she was met with a shrug of the shoulders and a dismissive comment. He told her that she would just have to hold it like everyone else, as if the pressure in her bladder was just a minor inconvenience.

Jennifer felt a surge of anger and frustration wash over her. How could this man be so insensitive and dismissive, when she was clearly in a state of distress and discomfort? As the flight continued, Jennifer's desperation grew more and more intense. She tried to hold herself between her legs, hoping to find some relief, but her tight dress made it almost impossible. She tried to breathe deeply and stay calm, but it was no use - the pressure in her bladder was almost unbearable. She could feel herself on the brink of losing control, of letting the hot urine stream down her legs and onto the plane's cramped and crowded floor. Her heart was pounding in her chest, and her palms were slick with sweat.

Jennifer knew that she had two options - she could hike up her dress and hold herself between her legs, or she could give in to the urge and pee in the seat. Both options were humiliating and embarrassing, but she knew that if she peed in the seat, it would leave an obvious yellow stain on her dress and that couldn’t happen. Then again, she was mere inches from these strangers and couldn’t bear the idea of showing off her hot pink panties to them. With each passing moment, Jennifer felt the urge to pee growing stronger and stronger. She was caught in a terrible dilemma, unable to find a solution that wouldn't leave her feeling embarrassed and humiliated.

After weighing her options, Jennifer decided that she would rather be embarrassed in the short-term by hiking up her dress, instead of being embarrassed at her interview with a pee-stained dress. She took a deep breath and carefully slid the hem of her dress up, revealing her panties to the passengers around her. With her dress hiked up, Jennifer was finally able to slide a finger between her legs and apply pressure to her bladder. It wasn't a perfect solution, but it was enough to keep her from totally losing control.

As she held herself between her legs, Jennifer couldn't help but feel embarrassed and humiliated. The old man sitting next to her was clearly disgusted by her actions, and he turned away from her. Meanwhile, the 22 year old guy sitting on her other side couldn't take his eyes off her crotch, causing Jennifer to blush deeply. Despite the discomfort and embarrassment, Jennifer refused to give up. She held on as tightly as she could, determined to make it through the flight without any further incidents.

As the plane finally touched down, Jennifer breathed a deep sigh of relief. She had managed to make it through the entire flight without any embarrassing mishaps, but she knew that she wasn't out of the woods yet. Unfortunately, the runway was bumpy and uneven, and as the plane jolted and shook, Jennifer could feel a small leak starting to form. She panicked and knew that she had to take action quickly. In desperation, Jennifer pulled the crotch of her panties aside and slid a finger between her lips, pressing directly on her urethra to try and stem the flow of urine. She closed her eyes in shame and humiliation as she felt the warm wetness spreading across her fingers.

Finally, after what felt like an eternity, the plane began to approach the terminal. Jennifer felt a wave of relief wash over her - she was almost there. She had an all-day conference to attend, and she didn't have a change of clothes, so she knew that she had to make it no matter how embarrassing it was. But as the plane approached the terminal, Jennifer realized with dismay that it was just as small as the airport they had left. They were going to have to park next to it on the grass and walk the rest of the way.

As Jennifer waited to exit onto the grassy field next to the terminal, she knew that she had to act fast. She was in agony, her bladder feeling like it was about to burst. She had to pee, and she had to do it now. In a panic, Jennifer frantically bounced in her seat, trying to hold back the torrent of urine that threatened to spill out at any moment. She could feel the warmth spreading across her skin, and she knew that she was running out of time. As the other passengers slowly made their way towards the exit, Jennifer struggled to hold on. She was so desperate that she didn't even care about the people around her anymore - all she could think about was finding a way to relieve herself without wetting her clothes. Finally, as she reached the stairs to the ground, Jennifer made a snap decision.

On her way down, she hiked up her dress above her waist, determined to keep it as dry as possible, and took the first step down to the grass. As soon as her feet touched the ground, Jennifer dropped to a squat and started peeing. She didn't care who saw her or what they thought - all she cared about was finally getting some relief. As she emptied her bladder onto the grass, Jennifer could feel a sense of relief washing over her. She was finally able to let go of all the pent-up tension and anxiety that had been building up inside her. The other passengers had to step around her as they made their way towards the terminal, but Jennifer didn't care. She was lost in the moment, her body finally able to release all the pent-up pressure. Finally, after what felt like an eternity, Jennifer finished peeing and slowly climbed to her feet. She was wet, dirty, and embarrassed, but she was also filled with a sense of triumph and relief.

As Jennifer finished her story and climbed to her feet, she could see the relief in the faces of the other women in the cell. But as they listened to Jennifer's tale of desperation and embarrassment, two more women lost control of their bladders, unable to hold on any longer. The sound of pee splattering on the ground echoed through the cell, adding to the already overwhelming sense of humiliation and discomfort.

*007*2023-04-15 16:36

That's all of those shorter stories for now, but I'm sure there will be more eventually. The main story is about to start progressing after this.

Personally, I avoid large outdoor concert festivals like that because I just don't find them enjoyable, but I feel like they are one of the best places to see stuff like that.

The airplane part is inspired my true events. I've flow out of a very small airport on a small prop plane that only seated about 12, and there weren't toilets on it. I didn't see anyone desperate, but the airport was tiny so I could see a situation where the single bathroom was closed / broken.

