Brad and Josh: The Flight Part 1

Author: ClayJayton

*000*2020-12-02 23:25

This is the first half of the first story that a friend and I are writing. He is into omorashi as well but he doesn't have an account and is mostly doing this for fun.

Brad and Josh: The Flight Part 1

‘BEEP BEEP BEEP’ echoed through the college dorm where Brad slept. It was his alarm clock going off earlier than normal as he had set it that way last night. It was Saturday at the start of the week of Spring Break. The sun hadn’t even risen yet as it was still 4:40. He had woken up so early because he had to catch an early flight. Brad and his best friend Josh were heading to Miami for a week-long non-stop Spring Break rager! Brad and Josh both had just turned 21 so it was legal for them to drink, however that wouldn’t have stopped them in the first place. They both were attending college in Michigan – Brad was getting a bachelor’s degree in Business Management, while Josh was currently aiming for a bachelor’s in Computer Science. Brad and Josh’s friendship seemed like an odd one to most, but they worked and melded together tremendously well.

Brad was a standard Jock according to people who didn’t actually know him well. He grew up in an upper-middle class family with a younger sister. Most of his youth, from middle school to high school, he played hockey. He wasn’t the best, but he was decent. When he graduated high school, he decided to stop playing, as he never had a passion for it. However, playing all those years had really shaped his body, and he still maintained his physique, even though he hadn't played for 3 years. His quads, calves, and butt were larger than average and he always had a hard time shopping for jeans.

He towered over most people being 6’2” and had a beefy muscular look to him. His hair was brown and short, even shorter on the sides. He had a slight stubble, not enough to be called a beard, of brownish-red hair that highlighted his jawline and butt chin. His eyes were a dark mossy green, and they didn’t shine, but they were sensitive looking. He was a lady’s man and flirted often, but he never really had a long-term girlfriend, or even a short-term girlfriend for that matter!

Josh was most certainly not a Jock. He grew up in a middle-class family with two brothers and only his mother. While in high school he kept to himself and focused on his grades, coming fifth in his graduating class. He too was tall but still shorter than Brad by 2 inches making him an even 6 feet. He was on the heavier side, mostly because he never developed proper eating habits and college just made it worse! He had short black hair as well, but it was longer and curlier than Brads. He had a rounded face with no facial hair. His eyes were a dark hazel and he wore glasses. He was never much of a party animal until he met Brad. They were roommates in their freshman year and have been friends ever since.

Their flight left Detroit at 10:45 a.m. and the travel time was about 3 hours. Brad had not even packed yet and they lived about an hour and a half from the airport which is why he had to wake up so early. Brad reached and turned off the alarm clock with a resentful grunt, as he was not a morning person. He pulled back his covers revealing his hairy chest, covered with more brownish-red hair with a happy trail that led to his blue Calvin Klein boxer briefs. He got up, putting his feet on the ground, and stood up performing a morning stretch. Josh was still snoring away in the next room.

Brad walked to the bathroom to release his morning bladder that was full to the brim like always. He had a rather large bladder that he was sometimes proud of. His stream was forceful and loud as it hit the water; some piss even splashed out of the toilet. Some morning farts also escaped out because he was so relaxed while releasing his bladder. It was now 4:45 and he only had about an hour to pack and be ready to walk out the door.

He pulled down his boxer briefs and threw them into a pile of dirty laundry. He opened the drawer that contained his pretty extensive underwear collection. Brad liked to look good and feel comfortable, so he had several briefs, boxer briefs, compression boxers, and jockstraps. He thought about what he wanted to wear while on the flight. He hated sitting for long periods of time and wanted to be comfortable, so he decided to go with a white jockstrap. That might seem like an odd choice, but he loved how they felt and supported his junk.

After he got them on, he proceeded to put on a pair of jeans, with a black belt, a white undershirt, and a majority red plaid button-up shirt that his mom had gotten him for Christmas. He pulled out a duffle bag and a backpack from under his bed to use for packing. He randomly shoved in underwear, pants, and shirts into the duffle bag not really caring what he was going to wear all week. He decided to put an extra set of clothes into his backpack because he knew life was unpredictable. He finished packing by putting all the essentials, like deodorant, into his duffle bag.

By the time he was done and ready it was almost 6:00. Josh had woken up and was also ready to go, as he had packed everything a week earlier.

“What’s up bro?” Josh asked his friend. “You packed and ready? I know how bad of a procrastinator you are!”

Brad narrowed his eyes at the slight offense, but he knew it was true. “I actually finished earlier than I had planned for,” he quipped back. This wasn’t true, but he wanted to sound more mature.

“I’ve already called Sandra to meet us up front.” Sandra was one of Josh’s classmates and they were study buddies for Computer Networking.

“Good, I’m ready to hit the road,” Brad replied.

They both grabbed their bags and headed down to the dorm’s entrance to wait for Sandra. They had planned earlier to not eat breakfast as they were gonna grab something quick to eat at the airport. Soon Sandra was pulling up in her 2005 Silver Toyota Corolla, and Brad and Josh put their bags in the trunk. The drive to the airport was about an hour and 45 minutes due to the morning traffic. The drive was mostly silent with the odd chit chat when Sandra asked questions about their trip.

Finally they arrived at the entrance to the airport. Josh and Brad got out of the car and grabbed their bags saying goodbye and thank you to Sandra. Once inside they got their tickets from the automatic ticket machine. Flight 1139 from DTW to MIA, gate 17. Brad checked-in his duffle bag at the luggage drop off, as did Josh. Now began the tedious and annoying airport security line. Nothing interesting happened as they went through the process eventually making it through by 9:12. This was earlier than planned, but left them enough time to get breakfast and one last bathroom break. As they were walking down the terminal toward their gate, Brad saw a coffee shop and they decided to stop there.

“What do you think you’re gonna get?” Brad questioned.

“Uhhhh, I think I’m gonna get a croissant and maybe a green tea.”

“Oooo, look at Mr Fancy over here!”

“Well, what about you, Mr Peasant?” Josh fired back.

“Hmm... I’m gonna get a sausage biscuit, a water, and a large coffee... because I’m hella tired.” Brad always drank a lot of water as it was a habit he got while playing hockey.

“Sounds good!”

They ordered, got their food and drink, and went to wait at their gate. Brad chugged his water almost immediately as he always did. When it came to his coffee he always took his time which seemed strange to Josh as he chugged almost everything else.

It was about 10 minutes before boarding that Josh mentioned about using the bathroom before they board. Brad replied with, “Nah, don’t gotta go, and if I do I’ll just go on the plane.” Josh shrugged and went off to use the restroom one last time. Soon it was time to board. They were some of the last people to board so they knew they weren’t gonna get the best seats. As they entered the plane, most of the seats had already been taken. As they walked further into the packed plane, Josh spotted two seats near the back that were still available. They weren’t the best seats, as it was a middle and window seat.

“I’ll take the window seat,” Brad declared. “I might take a nap as I’m still tired from waking up so early.” Brad put his backpack in the overhead bin and asked the woman sitting in the aisle seat if they could squeeze by. She shifted her knees and legs so Brad and then Josh could sit down.

“We finally made it!” exclaimed Josh. Brad was too busy looking out the window to notice Josh’s excitement.

“What?” Brad asked, not hearing the original statement.

“I said we finally made it.”

“Yeah, just 3 more hours till we’re in Miami!” Brad still not completely understanding what Josh said.

A few minutes after sitting, the plane started moving, and the cabin crew began performing all the safety instructions. Josh paid complete attention, as he wanted to always be informed of things. Brad however wasn’t paying attention. In fact, he was already starting to doze off.

Soon the plane started speeding up, getting ready to take off. The jolt awoke Brad, but only for a second, and within minutes of the plane taking off, he was asleep.

While asleep, Brad was having a dream that he was watching one of his own hockey games, but he was in the stands while an imaginary double played in the game below. I guess he enjoyed hockey more than he was willing to admit! Around half-time in the dream game, Brad realized he had to go to the bathroom. He decided to get up from the bleachers and go in search, as his bladder was beginning to swell. He entered an area that was part of the arena, but it was more like a shopping mall. He walked down the hallway only seeing department stores selling stuff for the Christmas holiday. Still no bathrooms.

He kept walking, almost jogging until all of a sudden he was in a garden store. He was still looking for a toilet hoping to find one in the artificial grass area. Nothing. Think Brad, think. Where was the bathroom? He continued walking through the garden store feeling the pressure from his bladder. Soon he came across the water sprinklers that were showcasing how well they watered the lawn. The “tsk tsk tsk tsk brrrrrrr” from the sprinkler just made Brad need to go even more. Where was the bathroom? Soon the store shook, just a little, like a small earthquake. It shook again. Soon Brad was awake realizing he was on a flight to Miami for Spring Break. The shaking in the dream was due to a little turbulence. Brad looked out the window to see some dark clouds that they were entering.

“Hey, what time is it?” Brad asked groggily.

“Huh? Finally awake I see. You were asleep for over 2 hours.”

“Really? Wow.”

Soon Brad realized that another part of his dream wasn’t a dream. His bladder was full – very full. All that water he had chugged earlier, along with the extra coffee, was finally hitting his bladder. He decided he should use the on-plane bathroom before they got any closer to their destination. “Hey Jo—” but all of a sudden the seat-belt light flashed on.

“Hm? Were you gonna say something?” Josh questioned.

“Never mind.” Brad replied sheepishly. This wasn’t good. Brad’s bladder was almost full, and still filling. He wasn’t worried as he had a large bladder. He could wait till the seat-belt light went off, or even possibly wait till they landed, which was only 30 minutes away. However, it might be close. For now, the only thing bothering him was the slight discomfort.

A loud ding snapped Brad out of his thoughts, and then the captain's voice came over the speaker. “Good afternoon passengers, this is your captain speaking. We have some weather up ahead and might experience some slight turbulence. So please stay seated and we will be arriving shortly.”

“Great,” Brad thought to himself. “Guess I’ll be holding it and using the bathroom in the terminal.” Hopefully there aren’t any more delays for Brad's sake.


