The Divine Duty of Making People Pee Themselves - Page 2

Author: Caraxes

*025*2024-09-12 02:47

Chapter 5: Of Honour, and Divided Allegiances

As the soft light of sunrise filtered through her blinds, Mother Arwen Falomer was in the midst of a comforting dream. She was walking through a cornfield in Southern Hafershan, the farm province where she had grown up. As she moseyed through the heads of corn, she basked in the southern sun. It was hotter in the south, and the summers of her childhood had been long and sticky. The memory of that warmth soaked into her bones, the rustling of the cornrows bringing a peaceful rhythm to her dream.

But then, something shifted. The air grew heavier, more oppressive, as if the sun itself weighed down upon her. The cornfield dissolved into a dimly lit temple, and in the distance, she saw the flickering image of the goddess Paelea, her patron and deity. Paelea’s silver eyes gleamed with mischief, her smile curling like the edges of a storm. A sense of foreboding crept over Arwen, but before she could react, the dream snapped away, and she awoke with a start.

Mother Falomer’s heart pounded as she sat up, still feeling the echoes of the dream. The sensation of warmth remained, but it was different now, more immediate, more embarrassing. She blinked, adjusting to the soft light of the early morning, only to realize the truth: her bed was wet.

The humiliation was instant. For a Holy Mother, such a thing seemed impossible—improper, even. But as she sat there in stunned silence, the embarrassment faded quickly, replaced by a growing thrill. This was no accident. The goddess Paelea, in her playful and vengeful way, had blessed her. A smirk curled on Arwen’s lips. It had been years since she had last received Paelea’s direct favor, and now, the gift was clear.

Her mind raced back to the strange, sharp clarity of the dream. The wetness wasn’t an accident—it was a sign. Paelea’s power coursed through her now, a potent blessing that allowed her to see something no one else could: the state of a person’s bladder, a strange, intimate insight. More than that, she could manipulate it.

Arwen’s excitement bubbled over, her body humming with newfound energy. Her eyes flashed, and she reached out with her mind, focusing inward, testing this mysterious power. She could sense it now, as if it were part of her own body—the ebb and flow of liquid, the filling and stretching.

She swung her legs over the side of the bed, her mind already leaping ahead to the day’s possibilities. Katrina. The favored acolyte, the young woman who always seemed to catch Paelea’s attention. Katrina, so full of promise, so arrogant in her closeness with the goddess.

A wicked glint sparkled in Arwen’s eye. Perhaps it was time for the favored acolyte to learn a lesson. Today, she would test her new gift. And perhaps, just perhaps, she could make Katrina wet herself in front of the other acolytes. It was a day for wet revenge, and Paelea had chosen Arwen to deliver it.

"Thank you, my goddess," she whispered, standing from the damp sheets with renewed purpose. The game was about to begin.

—————-

Katrina moved with a lightness that came from years of grace and discipline, her blonde hair hidden beneath the pristine white headscarf she wore as part of her acolyte robes. The fabric flowed around her slim frame, shimmering faintly in the morning light. She rarely arrived early for anything, preferring to sleep in and take her time with most duties, but today was different. Something in the air felt alive, as if charged with unseen power. The smile that curled on her lips was both playful and confident—a smile that often made her the center of attention among the younger acolytes.

Her steps echoed lightly against the marble floors as she approached the temple. The early morning light slanted through the high windows, casting long shadows and painting the white stone in shades of gold. She entered the grand hall, her cheeky grin still in place, her blue eyes gleaming with mischief. It wasn’t every day she got to impress the others by arriving early. If anyone asked, she’d simply say it was a divine calling that had drawn her from her bed.

Mother Columbia, the elder woman who oversaw the day-to-day activities of the acolytes, stood by the altar, adjusting the golden chalices for the morning service. Her silver hair was tied up in a tight bun, her sharp eyes catching Katrina’s approach.

"Well, well," Mother Columbia said with a raised eyebrow, her voice carrying a note of dry amusement. "A rare sight indeed—Katrina, early for once."

Katrina beamed, giving a light shrug. "Divine inspiration," she said, her voice sweet but laced with a teasing edge. "The goddess has plans for me, I’m sure of it."

Mother Columbia chuckled softly, though her expression quickly grew serious. "Indeed, she does. Mother Falomer has asked for you specifically. She said there is… a special mission for you today."

Katrina’s heart fluttered at the mention. Mother Falomer, the Holy Mother herself, asking for her? This could be important. Maybe this was the moment she’d been waiting for—a true test of her devotion, a chance to prove herself worthy of the goddess’s blessings.

"I’ll go right away," Katrina said, excitement dancing in her voice.

Mother Columbia nodded, gesturing toward the inner sanctum where Mother Falomer’s quarters were located. "Don’t keep her waiting."

Katrina hurried through the hallways, her steps quickening with anticipation. She knew she had Paelea’s favor, felt it in the way things always seemed to go her way. Maybe today was the day she’d rise above the other acolytes. As she neared the door to Mother Falomer’s chambers, she smoothed her robes and took a steadying breath. Then, with a confident knock, she entered.

Inside, Mother Arwen Falomer stood by the tall windows, her silhouette framed by the morning light. Her presence was always imposing, but today, there was a different air about her—something sharper, more focused. Katrina bowed her head respectfully, though she couldn’t quite suppress the smirk tugging at the corners of her lips.

"Mother Falomer, you asked for me?" she said, her voice as sweet and melodic as ever.

Mother Falomer turned, her face unreadable, though her eyes sparkled with something that Katrina couldn’t quite place. "Yes, Katrina. I have a task for you. A delicate matter, requiring your… unique talents."

Katrina raised an eyebrow, intrigued. "Of course, Mother. Anything for the goddess."

Mother Falomer approached her, her movements graceful and deliberate. "There’s a servant girl," she began, her voice soft but laced with a strange intensity. "She works at the Forest Nymph Blacksmith Guild Hall. Recently, she has wronged someone who prayed to Paelea for justice. I need you to handle this discreetly."

Katrina’s smirk widened, her interest piqued. Revenge was Paelea’s domain, after all, and the thought of carrying out the goddess’s will in such a way excited her. "What do you need me to do?"

Mother Falomer’s gaze lingered on Katrina for a moment, as if considering something. "You’ll go to the Guild Hall and deliver a message. But be subtle. The servant girl can’t know you’re coming for her. And…" she paused, her lips curling into a faint smile, "you’ll need to wait there for quite some time. Timing is crucial."

Katrina nodded eagerly, though a part of her wondered why she couldn’t simply deal with the matter swiftly. Still, she didn’t question the Holy Mother. Mother Falomer’s smile deepened, almost conspiratorial now.

"You’ll find no easy relief while you’re there," Mother Falomer continued. "The Guild Hall isn’t exactly… accommodating to outsiders. But this is a test, Katrina. A test of patience, endurance, and devotion to our goddess. You mustn’t return until the task is complete, no matter how long it takes."

Katrina nodded once more, her confidence unwavering. "I understand, Mother. I’ll carry out the goddess’s will, no matter the cost."

Mother Falomer’s eyes gleamed as she rested a hand on Katrina’s shoulder. "Good. I knew I could rely on you."

As Katrina turned to leave, the excitement bubbling within her, she failed to notice the faint glimmer in Mother Falomer’s eyes, or the slight movement of her fingers as they lingered in the air for a moment too long. The Holy Mother watched her acolyte with quiet satisfaction, already sensing the fullness that would soon begin to grow within the girl.

Katrina’s steps were swift and determined as she left the temple and headed toward the Guild Hall, oblivious to the game that had just begun.

Mother Arwen Falomer moved with practiced stealth, her white robes traded for the earthy, nondescript garb of a common traveler. A dark hood concealed her hair, and a plain cloak hung over her shoulders, blending seamlessly into the early morning mist that still clung to the ground. The temple was quiet as she slipped out through the back gate, her footsteps nearly silent on the cobblestone path. It had been years since she’d engaged in such subterfuge, but the thrill of the goddess’s blessing coursing through her veins made her feel decades younger.

Ahead, Katrina moved with purpose, her slim figure cutting an elegant silhouette against the backdrop of the waking city. Even from this distance, Mother Falomer could see the acolyte’s confident stride, the way her headscarf glimmered in the soft morning light. Katrina, so assured, so full of herself, had no idea she was being followed.

Mother Falomer's lips curled into a slow, satisfied smile as her gaze shifted from Katrina’s graceful movements to something far more interesting—an invisible meter hovering around the acolyte’s lower abdomen, just beneath her white robes. It pulsed faintly, displaying a number: 12%.

She could see it clearly now. The fullness of Katrina’s bladder. The gift of the goddess had manifested so naturally that it felt as though she had always possessed this ability, this power. At a mere glance, she could tell exactly how much liquid Katrina’s body held. It was such an intimate, vulnerable thing—Katrina would never know how exposed she truly was.

Arwen’s heart raced with excitement as she flexed her fingers, feeling the tug of power in her hands, the way Paelea’s blessing coiled within her like a living thing. A simple gesture, and she knew she could influence it—force it to fill faster, push Katrina closer and closer to the edge of discomfort, and eventually, to humiliation.

As they moved through the winding streets, Arwen kept a careful distance, her hood shielding her face from prying eyes. Katrina strode with confidence, her robes swaying gently with each step. Mother Falomer watched as the number shifted again: 14%. The thrill of control swelled in her chest. It was such a small, incremental increase, but that was the beauty of it. Katrina would feel nothing yet. Not immediately.

The streets were growing busier now, merchants opening their stalls, early risers going about their daily business. Katrina moved through them with ease, oblivious to the pressure slowly building within her. The way she held her head high, that familiar, cheeky smile playing at her lips—it all made Arwen’s satisfaction deepen.

A twitch of her fingers, so slight that no one could have noticed, sent another pulse of her power toward Katrina. The number ticked upward again, 18%, and Katrina’s pace seemed to slow ever so slightly. Arwen’s eyes gleamed.

She was careful not to push too much at once. The game was about patience, about letting Katrina’s body betray her in gradual, insidious ways. The acolyte would feel it soon enough—perhaps a slight twinge of discomfort, an unexpected fullness that would grow stronger with each step. By the time they reached the Forest Nymph Blacksmith Guild Hall, Katrina would be on the edge, trapped in her own growing desperation.

As they neared the edge of the market district, Katrina’s steps became just a touch less confident. She paused briefly at a crossroads, glancing around as if making sure she was heading the right way. Arwen observed closely, watching the percentage now hovering at 24%. It was happening. The fullness was building steadily, but Katrina hadn’t yet realized what was going on. That carefree smile was still plastered on her face, though her fingers briefly brushed the front of her robes, as if adjusting them.

Mother Falomer bit back a laugh. So soon, acolyte? You’ll have to endure much more before you even begin to suspect the truth.

Another twist of her hand, another subtle manipulation of Paelea’s power. 28%. Arwen could feel it, the growing pressure in Katrina’s bladder as if it were her own, though she knew she was safe from it. She was the orchestrator, the conductor of this silent, private torment.

They turned onto a quieter street now, the guild hall only a few blocks away. Katrina’s steps were still measured, though Arwen could see the first signs of tension in the way she held herself. The shift of her weight, the way she kept glancing down the road, her pace quickening ever so slightly as if she could reach her destination faster and be done with this errand.

35%.

Arwen couldn’t stop the grin that spread across her face. It wouldn’t be long now. Katrina was likely starting to feel the urge, that small but nagging discomfort in her lower abdomen. Soon, it would bloom into something more pressing, something she couldn’t ignore. And yet, she wouldn’t have any idea that it was happening faster than it should, that her body was betraying her thanks to the goddess’s touch.

The guild hall came into view at the end of the road, its dark stone walls standing out against the pale morning sky. Katrina hesitated for a moment, her hand once again brushing her robes as though she were debating whether to stop somewhere before entering.

But there was no time, not for her. Not with Mother Falomer watching, guiding the situation with invisible hands.

45%.

Katrina’s stride faltered slightly as a faint pressure bloomed in her lower abdomen, unexpected and unwelcome. She frowned but quickly dismissed it, her mind snapping back to the mission Mother Falomer had entrusted her with. This was no time for distractions, not when she was on a divine errand for the goddess herself. Still, the feeling gnawed at the edges of her focus, like a persistent whisper in the back of her mind.

She took a deep breath, forcing herself to ignore it. *I can handle this,* she told herself. *It’s nothing.* Just nerves, probably. This was an important task, after all. She had to be at her best.

Ahead of her loomed the Forest Nymph Blacksmith Guild Hall, its dark stone walls standing tall against the morning light. The building was as imposing as she had imagined, its architecture rugged and practical, with thick beams of timber reinforcing the arched doorway. It smelled faintly of burning coals, metal, and wood, the air heavy with the scent of hard work and labor.

Katrina narrowed her eyes, scanning the entrance. She wasn’t sure what she had expected—perhaps a bustling hall filled with blacksmiths, hammering away at weapons and tools—but the entrance was quiet. Her mission, as far as she understood it, was to observe and wait. The servant girl would show herself, and Katrina would deliver her message when the time was right. Mother Falomer had been clear that timing was everything.

Her fingers curled lightly at her sides, suppressing the urge to press against the growing fullness in her bladder. *I can do this.* She was Paelea’s chosen, after all. A bit of discomfort wouldn’t get in her way.

Spotting a nearby bench, Katrina made her way toward it, settling herself down. The stone was cool beneath her, grounding her, and she forced her body to relax. The Guild Hall’s courtyard was small but open, with a few scattered trees casting shadows across the stone. She leaned back slightly, adopting the posture of someone who was merely resting, not a woman on a mission.

Her eyes flickered across the scene, watching the entrance of the hall, looking for any sign of her prey. The servant girl, Mother Falomer had said. A nymph working in the blacksmith’s hall—an odd combination, Katrina mused. Nymphs weren’t typically associated with such rough, physical labor, but perhaps that made this girl stand out. That thought put Katrina more on edge. She had to be careful. She couldn’t afford to underestimate her target.

Just as Katrina began to settle into her reconnaissance, her eyes caught movement at the entrance of the hall. A figure emerged, wiping soot-stained hands on a rough apron. The nymph. Katrina straightened slightly on the bench, her discomfort momentarily forgotten as her eyes locked onto the girl.

The nymph was striking in her own way—certainly not delicate or ethereal like the woodland sprites Katrina had imagined. This one had a raw, physical presence, her body strong and lean, forged by hours at the forge. Her skin was a dusky green, marred here and there by small scars that spoke of burns and accidents in her craft. She wore a blacksmith’s apron, thick and heavy, smeared with soot and grime, over simple clothes—a sleeveless tunic that clung to her muscular arms and loose trousers tucked into sturdy boots.

Her hair was a cascade of silver, pulled back into a messy bun, with strands escaping to frame her sharp, angular face. Her eyes were a deep, molten amber, glinting in the sunlight like smoldering coals, and her full lips were set in a determined line. She had an air of quiet strength about her, moving with the purpose of someone who knew their craft and was comfortable in it.

Katrina watched as the nymph hefted a bucket of water, her muscles rippling beneath her skin as she poured the contents over a large anvil, steam hissing as it rose from the hot metal. There was something hypnotic about the way she moved—graceful, yet grounded.

For a moment, Katrina forgot her discomfort, her eyes fixed on the nymph as she worked. This was her target. This was the girl who had wronged someone, someone important enough to invoke Paelea’s wrath. Katrina’s mission was clear, but now that she had found her prey, she felt a strange curiosity. What had this nymph done? What kind of mistake had led to such divine vengeance?

Her thoughts briefly flickered back to the nagging fullness in her bladder, the slight pressure that had now become harder to ignore. She shifted on the bench, crossing her legs to alleviate the discomfort, but kept her gaze firmly on the nymph. She needed to wait. She couldn’t act yet. Timing was everything, Mother Falomer had said.

But the pressure wasn’t going away. It was growing. Rapidly.

Katrina bit her lip, glancing around to ensure no one was watching her too closely. Her eyes flicked back to the nymph, who was now inspecting a piece of metal she had pulled from the fire, her fingers tracing its edges with a kind of reverence. Katrina shifted again, feeling the uncomfortable tightness in her abdomen intensify.

*I can hold it,* she reminded herself. *I have to.*

Her fingers drummed nervously on her thigh, trying to distract herself from the insistent need creeping into her awareness. The nymph continued her work, oblivious to the acolyte’s growing struggle.

From her concealed vantage point near the edge of the courtyard, Mother Falomer watched with gleaming satisfaction as the invisible meter floating above Katrina continued to rise. It ticked upward ever so slowly, the numbers hovering around 50% now, creeping toward the inevitable. Katrina shifted again on the bench, crossing her legs, her once steady posture growing tense. She had lasted longer than Arwen had expected, but it was clear that her bladder was becoming a more pressing issue by the minute.

Falomer flexed her fingers slightly, sending another gentle pulse of Paelea's blessing toward the young acolyte, pushing the number higher. 55%. Katrina's discomfort was visible now. The way her fingers drummed restlessly on her thigh, the subtle shifting of her hips as she tried to find a more comfortable position. The smug smile that had been so characteristic of Katrina was fading, replaced by a faint frown, her focus split between her task and the growing pressure within her body.

Mother Falomer remained hidden, her hood pulled low over her face as she watched from a distance. She reveled in the slow torment she was weaving, the subtle control she held over the girl. Every increase in the fullness of Katrina’s bladder brought her closer to her breaking point, and yet, the acolyte was trying so hard to push it aside. It was delicious to witness—the struggle between duty and desperation.

60%.

Katrina’s discomfort was no longer something she could ignore. Her eyes, which had been focused on the nymph, now flicked around the courtyard nervously, searching for an escape. Mother Falomer’s lips curled into a smile as she watched Katrina uncross her legs, stand up, and glance toward the entrance of the Guild Hall. She was leaving her post.

*Good,* Falomer thought. *It’s starting.*

Katrina made her way toward the hall with purposeful strides, though her posture betrayed the tension coiling inside her. Falomer could practically feel the acolyte's internal conflict—she didn’t want to abandon her mission, but her body was betraying her. Every step seemed heavier, the growing fullness pressing relentlessly against her.

As Katrina disappeared into the dark entrance of the Guild Hall, Mother Falomer waited, her heart pounding with anticipation. Inside the hall, the girl would find no relief. There was no public latrine, no easy escape from her growing desperation. It was part of the plan, after all. The servant girl—no, the nymph—wasn't the real focus of this mission. Not yet.

Falomer’s eyes darted back to the nymph, who was still engrossed in her work, oblivious to the game being played around her. Now it was time to set the next stage of her plan into motion. She strode purposefully across the courtyard, her movements quick and quiet as she approached the nymph from the side.

The nymph glanced up, startled by Falomer’s sudden appearance, her amber eyes narrowing in suspicion. Her strong, muscular frame stiffened as she set down the iron she had been working on, wiping her hands on her apron.

"Can I help you?" the nymph asked, her voice low and wary.

Falomer smiled, pulling two amber coins from the folds of her cloak. She held them up, the light catching the golden hue of the metal. "I’m willing to pay you for a favor," she said softly, her voice slipping into the smooth tone she reserved for negotiations.

The nymph’s gaze flicked from the coins to Falomer’s face, her suspicion melting slightly at the sight of the offered payment. "What kind of favor?" she asked, taking a cautious step closer.

"I need you to… distract someone for me," Falomer continued, her smile never faltering. "A young woman will return here soon. Blonde, slender, wearing white robes. She’s an acolyte of the temple. I want you to catch her attention. Entice her. Seduce her, if you can."

The nymph’s eyebrows lifted, but she didn’t immediately refuse. The amber coins gleamed in Falomer’s hand, a tempting reward for what seemed like a simple task.

"Why?" the nymph asked, crossing her arms over her chest. "What do you get out of it?"

Mother Falomer’s smile widened, her eyes glinting with amusement. "You need not concern yourself with that. Just know that the goddess Paelea smiles upon those who aid in her divine work. You’ll be well compensated for your time."

The nymph hesitated for only a moment longer before her gaze dropped to the coins again. She reached out and plucked them from Falomer’s hand, her amber eyes glinting with newfound interest. "Alright," she said, slipping the coins into her apron pocket. "I’ll do it."

"Good," Falomer replied, her voice smooth and satisfied. "She’ll be back soon. Just… be patient."

As the nymph returned to her work, preparing herself for the role she was about to play, Falomer stepped back into the shadows, her heart thrumming with excitement. She could already feel Katrina’s bladder growing heavier, the percentage ticking ever higher in her mind's eye. 65%. 67%. 70%. It wouldn’t be long now.

By the time Katrina returned, more desperate than before, the trap would be set. Falomer smiled to herself, feeling the intoxicating power of control thrumming through her veins. Katrina had no idea what was coming, nor how deep her humiliation would go before the day was over.

Katrina could barely hide her trembling as she stepped back from the nymph, desperately trying to compose herself. The throbbing need in her bladder was becoming unbearable, and yet, her body was still reacting to the proximity of the nymph. Her mind was a whirlwind of conflicting urges—relief and desire clashing in the most inconvenient of ways.

The nymph’s teasing smirk lingered in Katrina’s mind as she awkwardly shifted her weight from foot to foot. The sharp pressure in her lower abdomen forced her to act. She could no longer ignore the growing discomfort. Clearing her throat, she managed to croak out the question she’d been dreading asking since she arrived.

“Do you, um… know where the nearest latrine is?” Her voice was small, her face flushed with a mixture of embarrassment and desperation.

The nymph tilted her head slightly, her amber eyes twinkling with amusement. "The nearest latrine?" she echoed, as though the concept were foreign to her. Her smirk returned as she looked Katrina up and down, clearly aware of the acolyte’s predicament. After a long, deliberate pause, she said, “Well, there’s not really one here. But…” She stepped closer, her voice dropping to a softer, more intimate tone. “I could take you back to my apartment. It’s just down the street. Private. Comfortable.”

Katrina's pulse quickened at the suggestion. She knew she should refuse—this was not what she had come here for, and the nymph’s intentions were all too clear. But the ache in her bladder, combined with the lingering heat from their earlier encounter, clouded her judgment. *Maybe… just maybe… I can hold on until we get there.* She couldn’t afford to be picky right now.

From a shadowed corner near the courtyard gate, Mother Falomer watched the interaction unfold, her heart thumping in anticipation. A small, invisible meter hovered over Katrina’s head, its number glowing faintly in the air. 84%. The acolyte was nearing her limit, and the tension in her movements was proof enough that she was struggling. Falomer could feel the power of Paelea’s blessing pulsing through her, ready to push Katrina closer and closer to the brink. She smiled to herself, content to let the nymph’s flirtation further complicate the situation.

Katrina hesitated for a moment longer, her legs pressing tightly together in a vain attempt to ease the pressure. Her lips parted, and the word slipped out before she could stop it.

“Okay,” she said, her voice breathy with nervousness. “Yes.”

The nymph’s grin widened at the response, clearly pleased by the acolyte’s decision. She extended her hand, her fingers warm and slightly rough from her work at the forge. “Great. I’m Iridia, by the way,” she said, her voice full of that same teasing tone, her thumb brushing lightly against Katrina’s palm as they shook hands. “And you are?”

“Katrina,” the acolyte replied, her voice trembling slightly as she introduced herself. The combination of Iridia’s touch and the growing urgency in her bladder was making it difficult to focus.

“Katrina,” Iridia repeated with a slow, deliberate nod, as if tasting the name on her tongue. She let her fingers linger on Katrina’s hand a moment longer before releasing it. “A lovely name for an acolyte of Paelea.” Her amber eyes flicked to Katrina’s white robes again, a playful spark lighting up her gaze. “So, tell me—do the acolytes of Paelea take some kind of vow of chastity?”

Katrina’s cheeks burned with sudden embarrassment, her thoughts scrambling for an answer. She hadn’t been expecting that question, especially not after everything else that had just transpired. “Uh, no,” she said quickly, her voice barely above a whisper. “No vow of chastity. We can’t marry, though.”

Iridia’s grin turned into a full-blown smile, one that made Katrina’s pulse race even faster. “That’s good to hear,” the nymph said, her voice dipping low in a way that made Katrina’s knees feel weak. “Would’ve been a shame if a pretty thing like you were off-limits.” She winked, her amber eyes gleaming with mischief.

Katrina’s heart fluttered in her chest, her face burning even brighter now as she struggled to maintain her composure. She couldn’t help but feel flustered by Iridia’s obvious interest, and the suggestive wink made her stomach twist with both excitement and anxiety. But as much as she was affected by the flirtation, the pressing need in her bladder was becoming all-consuming.

She swallowed hard, her breath shaky as she nodded, forcing a nervous smile onto her face. “Yeah,” she mumbled, trying to laugh it off. “Good thing.”

But even as she spoke, she could feel her legs shifting restlessly beneath her robes, her thighs pressing together more tightly now. The urge to pee was growing worse by the second, and the idea of making it all the way to Iridia’s apartment was starting to feel like an impossible task.

Still, Katrina had no choice but to follow the nymph now. She couldn’t bear the humiliation of asking again—or worse, giving up and returning to the temple in defeat. No, she would press on. She just had to make it a little bit longer.

As they walked side by side, Iridia’s confident stride contrasting with Katrina’s awkward, hurried steps, Mother Falomer continued to watch from afar, her lips curling into a knowing smile. Katrina’s desperation was becoming more and more palpable, and with each passing moment, the acolyte was inching closer to the inevitable.

*84%,* Falomer noted to herself, her fingers tingling with the power of Paelea’s blessing. *It won’t be long now.*

As Katrina and Iridia made their way through the bustling streets, the noise of the city around them only added to the pressure building inside her. Her bladder throbbed with every step, the ache growing sharper by the minute, but she kept her pace brisk, determined to hold on. She glanced around, trying to focus on the surroundings instead of her discomfort.

The route to Iridia’s apartment took them through the heart of the city’s craft district, where stalls and shops brimmed with fantastical wares. Vendors called out to passersby, displaying enchanted gemstones, hand-forged weapons, and elixirs that shimmered with unnatural light. A stall selling potions to enhance strength caught Katrina’s eye, and for a brief moment, she wondered if one of those might help her now. But she quickly shook the thought away—there were more pressing matters at hand.

Still, the distractions of the busy streets did little to ease her suffering. As they walked, Katrina couldn’t help but shift from side to side, her steps becoming shorter, more hesitant. Her thighs pressed together with every stride, her body betraying her as she tried to hide her growing desperation. Her hands, though clenched at her sides, itched to press against her abdomen to help relieve the pressure. But that would be too obvious.

Iridia, of course, seemed completely unbothered by the situation. She sauntered alongside Katrina, her muscular form moving with easy confidence, her apron brushing against her legs as she led the way. Every now and then, she’d glance over at Katrina with that same mischievous smile, clearly enjoying the acolyte’s flustered state. “Not too far now,” she said with a wink, though Katrina wasn’t sure if she meant the apartment or something else entirely.

Mother Falomer, meanwhile, was not far behind them. Disguised in her plain cloak, she followed at a slight distance, her eyes locked on Katrina’s trembling form. The goddess Paelea’s blessing pulsed within her, and from her hidden vantage point, she could see the number hovering above Katrina’s head—90%. The girl was getting closer and closer to her limit, and Falomer could barely contain her glee.

But this was no time to get complacent. With a quick glance at her surroundings, the Holy Mother slipped into a narrow alleyway and took a shortcut through the back streets, her footsteps silent as she moved through the shadows. She knew exactly where Iridia lived and would time her reappearance perfectly.

As Katrina and Iridia neared the nymph’s apartment, a modest building tucked between two tall shops, Katrina’s body gave another desperate jolt. She could feel it—she was on the verge of losing control, and the knowledge sent a wave of panic through her. Just a little longer, she told herself, biting her lip as she tried to focus on the nymph’s words instead of the urgent, painful need inside her.

But just as they reached the door, Mother Falomer appeared from the corner of the street, her face lighting up with an exaggerated expression of surprise and joy. “Katrina! My dear girl!” she exclaimed, rushing over to them with her arms outstretched.

Katrina froze, her heart skipping a beat as she saw the Holy Mother approaching. For a moment, pure panic flared in her chest—Why is she here?—but she quickly recovered, forcing a smile onto her face. She couldn’t let Iridia know who this was; it would blow the mission.

So she did the only thing she could think of. “Oh! Grandmother!” she said, her voice sounding strained as she tried to mask her shock. She stepped forward and embraced Mother Falomer, though the action made her bladder scream in protest. She winced, clenching her thighs tightly as she hugged the older woman.

Mother Falomer’s eyes gleamed with satisfaction as she hugged Katrina back, her fingers lingering a little too long on the acolyte’s waist. She could feel the tension in the girl’s body, the slight trembling that betrayed just how close she was to losing control. 93% now, the number above Katrina’s head whispered, and Falomer had to suppress a chuckle.

“Oh, my darling granddaughter, what a surprise to see you here!” she said, her voice warm and syrupy. She turned to Iridia with a beaming smile. “And who might this lovely young lady be?”

Iridia, seemingly amused by the whole situation, grinned at the older woman. “I’m Iridia. Katrina and I were just… getting to know each other.” She winked at Katrina, her eyes gleaming with playful intent.

Mother Falomer raised an eyebrow, clearly relishing the moment. “Oh? Flirting with my granddaughter, are you?” she teased, her voice just loud enough to make Katrina flush a deep shade of red.

“I—I… No, it’s not like that!” Katrina stammered, her face burning with embarrassment. She shifted her weight again, her legs pressing together even tighter as the urge to pee surged through her once more. 94%.

Iridia laughed softly, clearly enjoying Katrina’s discomfort. “I think your granddaughter’s old enough to handle herself,” she said, shooting Katrina a sly smile. “But maybe you’ll let me buy her a drink before you whisk her away.”

Mother Falomer’s grin widened. “Oh, I don’t know about that, but let’s head inside. It seems like you two have been enjoying each other’s company.”

With an exaggerated gesture, she motioned for Iridia to lead them inside. Katrina bit her lip hard, her steps growing more hurried as they ascended the narrow staircase to Iridia’s quarters. Her entire body was screaming for relief, but she couldn’t afford to show weakness in front of the nymph—or her “grandmother,” for that matter.

By the time they reached the apartment, Katrina’s bladder was at 95%, and she could feel every drop of tension in her muscles, every slight tremor in her legs. The apartment door creaked open, and they stepped inside, the air thick with anticipation.

Katrina could only hope that this ordeal would end soon, but with every passing second, her desperation grew—and so did the strange, gnawing feeling that something wasn’t quite right.

As they stepped inside Iridia’s small but cozy apartment, Katrina’s heart raced—though not for the reasons Iridia might have hoped. She glanced around frantically, trying to locate any sign of a bathroom, but the apartment seemed to be a single room, with a bed tucked into one corner, a kitchenette in another, and no immediate indication of where she might find relief.

Her bladder throbbed violently, and her legs tightened involuntarily, her body doing everything in its power to keep from completely losing control. Just hold on… just a little longer, she thought, but even she wasn’t convinced by her own internal pep talk anymore.

“Oh, please, make yourself comfortable,” Iridia purred, leading Katrina further into the room. She let her hand linger on Katrina’s back, her thumb brushing in small circles that sent a wave of heat through Katrina’s already flustered body. The nymph leaned in closer, her breath warm on Katrina’s neck as she added, “I’ll take good care of you.”

Katrina blushed furiously, trying to smile but also frantically scanning the room for a bathroom door, a bucket—anything. “Uh, thanks,” she managed to squeak out, though her voice was strained. She shifted from foot to foot, her legs crossing tightly beneath her robe. Her entire body was in full-blown crisis mode, and if she didn’t find a solution soon, it was going to end in disaster.

But before she could slip away, Iridia caught her hand and pulled her closer. “Actually, why don’t we get a bit more… comfortable?” she whispered, her lips dangerously close to Katrina’s ear. The nymph’s other hand rested on Katrina’s waist, her fingers tracing the edge of the acolyte’s robes.

Katrina’s heart stuttered in her chest, torn between two equally overwhelming forces—her growing need for a bathroom, and her equally growing attraction to the nymph. She squirmed awkwardly in Iridia’s grasp, her thighs clenching together as her bladder screamed for attention. “Oh, um, actually I—I need to—”

Iridia, completely ignoring Katrina’s half-hearted attempt to escape, leaned in and pressed a soft kiss to her neck. Katrina’s eyes widened, her body stiffening at the unexpected intimacy. For a moment, her mind blanked, overwhelmed by the sensation. But then—

“Iridia, darling, could you get us some tea?” Mother Falomer’s voice rang out from across the room, snapping Katrina back to reality.

Iridia sighed, clearly annoyed by the interruption, but she didn’t release Katrina just yet. “Tea? Really?” she muttered, before kissing Katrina once more—this time on the cheek, dangerously close to her lips.

“Yes, really,” Mother Falomer replied, her voice sweet as honey but with an unmistakable edge of authority. “I’m sure Katrina could use a moment to… collect herself.”

Katrina, for her part, was practically bouncing on her toes, the intensity of her bladder’s protests growing with every second. As Iridia finally let go of her hand and turned to fetch the tea, Katrina darted towards the far end of the room, where she hoped—prayed—a bathroom might be hidden behind a door.

Just as she reached for the handle of the only door that seemed plausible, Mother Falomer’s voice piped up again. “Oh, Katrina dear, before you go running off, we need to discuss the mission.”

Katrina froze, her hand halfway to the door. Her bladder screamed in protest, and her legs twisted together like vines as she desperately tried to keep herself from bursting. “Uh—mission?” she stammered, her voice an octave higher than usual. She glanced nervously over her shoulder at Mother Falomer, who was watching her with an infuriatingly calm expression.

“Yes, the mission,” Mother Falomer continued, her eyes gleaming with amusement as she watched Katrina squirm. “We need to discuss our strategy. I assume you’ve already done some reconnaissance?”

Katrina’s mind was barely functioning at this point. All she could think about was the pressure building inside her, but she had no choice but to play along. “Oh, right, yes. Reconnaissance,” she babbled, her legs crossing and uncrossing as she bounced lightly on the balls of her feet. “I, uh, I’ve been scouting… very thoroughly…”

Mother Falomer raised an eyebrow, clearly enjoying Katrina’s discomfort. “Thoroughly? Good. I assume you’ll have no trouble handling the next phase, then.”

Katrina swallowed hard, her hand inching back towards the door handle. “Yeah, sure. No trouble at all,” she said, though her voice wavered as she fought back another desperate jolt from her bladder. “I just need to, um… I’ll be right back.”

But before she could even get the door open, Iridia suddenly appeared at her side, slipping her arm around Katrina’s waist once more. “Where are you going, sweet thing?” the nymph asked, her tone playful as she nuzzled Katrina’s neck. “You don’t want to leave me all alone, do you?”

Katrina’s entire body tensed, her bladder giving another painful throb as she fought to stay composed. “I—I just need to, um, check something,” she stammered, her legs crossing tightly beneath her robes.

Iridia grinned and pressed a kiss to Katrina’s temple, her hand sliding lower down Katrina’s back. “You sure you’re not just trying to sneak away? I thought we were getting along so well…”

Katrina’s heart pounded in her chest as she felt Iridia’s touch, her body caught in a whirlwind of conflicting desires. She squirmed again, her bladder now screaming for release, but she couldn’t seem to get away from the nymph’s grasp.

Behind them, Mother Falomer cleared her throat loudly. “Katrina, dear, the mission,” she reminded, her voice dripping with fake concern. “You must remain focused.”

Katrina wanted to scream. She shot Mother Falomer a desperate look, but the older woman simply smiled at her, watching as the number above Katrina’s head ticked higher—96%.

“I am focused!” Katrina blurted out, though it was hard to believe her as she hopped from foot to foot, her hands pressed awkwardly at her sides. “I’m just, uh, I—”

Iridia, completely oblivious to Katrina’s internal struggle, leaned in again, her lips brushing Katrina’s ear as she whispered, “You’re so tense. I could help you relax… if you’d let me.”

Katrina’s face turned bright red, and she stammered incoherently as Iridia’s hands roamed lower, her fingers tracing the edges of Katrina’s hips. But just as the nymph was about to pull her closer, Mother Falomer called out again.

“Iridia, my dear, what are you doing?” she asked, turning her back to the two of them with a grin. “You aren’t flirting with my sweet Katrina, are you?”

Katrina practically jumped out of her skin, pulling away from Iridia with a nervous laugh. “N-no! Of course not!” she stammered, though her flushed face said otherwise.

Iridia chuckled softly, clearly enjoying Katrina’s embarrassment. “Just being friendly,” she said with a wink.

Mother Falomer, still turned away, smiled to herself as she watched the percentage tick higher—97%. She couldn’t have planned this better if she tried. Katrina was teetering on the edge, and all it would take was one last push.

Katrina, meanwhile, was doing everything in her power to keep from completely losing control. She fidgeted uncontrollably, her legs crossing and uncrossing as she tried to find some relief. But with Iridia pulling her closer and Mother Falomer throwing question after question at her, she was trapped.

“I-I really just need to—” Katrina started, but before she could finish, Iridia tugged her towards the bed with a mischievous grin.

“Why don’t we sit down, hmm? Get a little more comfortable…”

Katrina sat stiffly at the small, round table in Iridia’s apartment, trying to focus on the conversation—trying to act like she was part of the conversation—while her entire body fought the impending disaster. Her bladder throbbed mercilessly, every inch of her straining to maintain control. She’d crossed her legs so tightly beneath the table that she felt as though her muscles might snap, and yet still it wasn’t enough. She needed relief, and she needed it now.

Iridia placed a cup of tea in front of her with a casual smile, though Katrina could tell that the nymph was growing impatient. She had asked twice now if Mother Falomer would like to take her tea to go, hinting not-so-subtly that it was time for the older woman to leave. But Mother Falomer, as ever, was oblivious to the hints, her eyes glued to Katrina, her every word laced with false concern.

“Drink up, dear,” Mother Falomer said sweetly, pushing Katrina’s teacup a little closer. Her gaze flickered up to the air above Katrina’s head, where the invisible number hovered just for her eyes to see: 98%. The acolyte was teetering on the very edge, and it filled the Holy Mother with no small amount of satisfaction. “You look parched.”

Katrina forced a smile that was more a grimace. The thought of drinking anything right now—anything—was horrifying. She didn’t think she could fit even a single drop more inside her without risking catastrophe. But with both women watching her, she felt trapped. If she didn’t take the cup, it would raise suspicion—particularly from Mother Falomer, who was already watching her with unnerving intensity.

“Thanks,” she muttered, lifting the cup to her lips with trembling hands. Her thighs clenched even tighter beneath the table as she took the smallest sip imaginable. Even that small amount seemed to send her bladder into overdrive. She could feel the pressure building, could feel the dam threatening to burst wide open. Her hand quivered, and she quickly set the cup down, hoping neither woman noticed.

But Iridia was too preoccupied with her own discomfort. With a sigh of frustration, the nymph pulled off her shirt in one fluid motion, revealing her sweat-slicked, green-tinted skin. Katrina’s eyes widened as Iridia’s ample breasts were now fully exposed, the sheen of sweat catching the light as she stood behind Mother Falomer. She wasn’t even wearing anything underneath, just bare skin gleaming with a sultry green hue.

Katrina’s heart skipped a beat. She swallowed hard, her already fragile focus slipping as she tried—tried—not to stare. Mother Falomer, sitting across from her, was completely oblivious, too fixated on her acolyte’s desperate wriggling to notice that the nymph had just stripped down behind her.

“You’re fidgeting an awful lot, Katrina,” Mother Falomer said, her voice dripping with false sympathy. “Are you alright?”

“I-I’m fine,” Katrina squeaked, her voice high and strained. But she wasn’t fine—not at all. Her bladder spasmed violently, and suddenly, she felt it—a spurt. Her eyes widened in horror as the hot liquid soaked into her underclothes, the smallest but unmistakable release. She clamped down hard, pressing her thighs together, but it was no use. Another spurt escaped, and she felt the warmth spread between her legs, dampening her robes.

Mother Falomer’s smile widened just a fraction, though she tried to keep her expression neutral. She glanced at the invisible number above Katrina’s head as it ticked down—96%… 94%… 90%. The girl was leaking, slowly but surely, and the satisfaction that filled the Holy Mother was palpable. Almost there, she thought gleefully.

Meanwhile, behind her, Iridia had begun to move, swaying her hips in a slow, sensual dance that was clearly meant for Katrina’s eyes only. The nymph’s body moved with a fluid grace, her curves catching the light as she twirled, her bare breasts bouncing softly with each step. She grinned at Katrina, licking her lips suggestively, her eyes sparkling with mischief.

Katrina was beyond flustered. Between the unbearable pressure in her bladder, the leaking that she couldn’t stop, and the nymph’s shameless display, she was on the verge of losing it entirely. Her body was betraying her on all fronts—her bladder, her desires, her sanity. She squeezed her legs together tighter, her hands gripping the edge of the table as she fought to maintain control.

But it was no use. Her bladder gave another violent spasm, and this time, she felt a flood of warmth gush into her underclothes. She gasped, panic surging through her as she realized she was losing the battle. Her body was giving in, and there was no stopping it now.

“I—I need the chamber pot!” she suddenly cried, standing up so abruptly that she nearly knocked over the table. Her face was flushed, her voice high and frantic as she bolted towards Iridia’s bedroom door, her robes swishing wildly around her legs. She could feel the wetness spreading beneath her dress, soaking into the fabric as she ran.

“Katrina!” Iridia called after her, but there was a playful lilt to her voice. The nymph was clearly enjoying the spectacle. With a grin, she chased after Katrina, catching up to her just as she reached the bedroom. Without warning, Iridia grabbed Katrina by the waist and pushed her onto the bed, pinning her down with surprising strength.

Katrina struggled, wriggling beneath the nymph’s grip, but it was too late. As soon as she hit the mattress, her body gave up entirely. She felt the floodgates open, a torrent of hot liquid pouring out of her in a humiliating, unstoppable rush. Her bladder emptied itself all at once, the wetness spreading through her robes, soaking the bed beneath her—and, to her horror, Iridia’s legs.

“Oh gods…” Katrina whimpered, tears of humiliation stinging her eyes as she wriggled beneath Iridia, trying to free herself. But the nymph just laughed softly, her green skin glistening as she held Katrina down.

“Shh, relax,” Iridia whispered, though there was a hint of amusement in her voice. “It’s okay…”

But it wasn’t okay. Katrina could feel the hot liquid pooling beneath her, the shame of the situation crashing over her like a wave. She had wet herself—completely—and now she was lying in the mess, pinned to the bed by a woman who clearly found the whole thing amusing.

Suddenly, the door burst open, and Mother Falomer stepped into the room, her eyes lighting up with glee as she took in the sight before her.

“Oh, my poor, poor acolyte,” she cooed, though her voice was practically dripping with satisfaction. She glanced at the invisible number above Katrina’s head—0%. Finally, the girl had broken. “It seems you’ve had a little accident.”

Katrina could only sob in response, her face burning with shame as she lay in the puddle of her own making, completely defeated.

*028*2024-09-12 11:42

{{On 2/6/2024 at 8:11 PM, Caraxes said:

“Holy Mother, I am here to make an offering to your goddess,” the cloaked elf spoke. “One of the acolytes of your order did me wrong. She humiliated me on duty in front of my superiors. I would like to call on Paelea to grant me revenge.”

}}

{{7 hours ago, warham1995 said:

Welcome back, did Paelea betray katrina?

}}

The quote above is taken from the end of chapter 4. It is Lieutenant Elara from chapter 3 praying to Paelea for revenge on Katrina for making her wet herself.

*031*2024-09-14 19:49

{{8 hours ago, nananabatman said:

Great chapter, I'm glad the story is back.

}}

Thanks! I have some things planned but I am definitely open on suggestions of where to take the story!

*033*2024-09-15 18:00

{{20 hours ago, warham1995 said:

Learning more about the everyday goings on at the temple and about what other powers Paelea can give to the faithful.

}}

Great ideas! I think I'll explore the going-ons at the temple in a bit more depth in the next few chapters.

