The Jellyfish Sting

Author: Char242

*000*2018-01-13 07:46

Author's note: This is a story that I wrote and posted on another pee site. I did tone it down a bit from the original version.

It was a warm summer day as a young lesbian couple strolled down a private beach. One of the women was named Daphne and she had fiery red hair and emerald green eyes. She was wearing a black bikini, the bra of which was just barley supporting her ample bosom. Alongside her was a blond woman with sapphire blue eyes. Her name was Serena and she was wearing a pink bikini. While not as endowed as her partner, her breasts were nothing to scoff at. What she lacked in chest size, she more than made up for in being curvy in all the right places. In fact the mere sight of her was known to raise the flagpoles of men. One wouldn't know by looking at them that they both had a pee fetish, although Serena was less open about it than her partner. As they walked down the beach, Daphne turned to Serena and asked, "Do you want to see something cool?"

"Sure," said Serena. Daphne than proceeded to remove her bikini bottom and slung it over her shoulder. She then bent her knees forward, leaned back, and used her hand to spread her labia as much as she could. Suddenly a golden arc sprung forth from her nether regions and slammed into the sand. For the next couple of minutes she would move her hips, pinch off her stream, take steps to the right, and start all over again. By the time she was done, she had pissed both their names in the sand and encased her masterpiece in a heart also drawn from her piss. "Its beautiful," replied Serena.

"I'm glad you like it. It took me four bottles of water to produce that much piss," said Daphne, quite proud of her accomplishment.

Before she could put her bikini bottoms back on, Serena said to her, "You should really clean yourself off before putting your bikini bottoms back on."

"It's no big deal," replied Daphne. Suddenly Serena got down on her knees, grabbed Daphne's legs and began running her tongue along the piss drops on the inside of Daphne's thighs. "Ahhhh," moaned Daphne. After Serena was done, Daphne put her bikini bottoms back on.

"Thanks for the drink," said Serena cheerfully. The two then proceeded to continue their stroll down the beach. A bit further down, Daphne tripped over a rock partially buried in the sand and face-planted in the sand. Suddenly a sharp pain shot through her abdomen causing her to roll to the side screaming in pain. To both girls' horror, Daphne had landed on a dying jellyfish that had been washed ashore during the high tide.

"It hurts!" screamed Daphne. "You need to pee on me now!" Serena merely looked at Daphne with a horrified expression. The truth was that despite having a pee fetish, she had never pissed in front of her partner due to her immense stage fright. Seeing the look of agony on her lover's face, she knew that she would have to overcome her fear.

"Please stay still," said Serena as she removed her bikini bottoms and proceeded to stand over her lover. She then used her hands to spread her labia just as she had seen Daphne do. Minutes passed but nothing happened. "Can you close your eyes?" she asked. "If you keep looking at me I don't think I'll be able to pee." Daphne closed her eyes and ten seconds later a waterfall of piss came cascading down from Serena's pussy onto Daphne's wound. Serena's stream lasted about three minutes and in that time she was able to douse Daphne's abdomen with golden piss. When she was done, Daphne sat up and began to partake of the remnants of the sweet nectar that had spewed forth from her lover's pussy just seconds earlier. "Ahhhh," cried Serena. "Please don't be so rough!"

After the ordeal was over, Serena helped Daphne back to the beach house where she was better able to treat the sting. In the end Serena was able to overcome her stage fright and gained a fetish for giving golden showers, much to the delight of Daphne.

