Bursting in the Boardroom

Author: Cupcakes85

*000*2021-02-22 18:59

Here's a story I actually published! It never got too much traction, but considering how new I am at all this that's okay! I hope you guys like it, I'll be posting a new part every day until we get to the finale!

I'd known the day would be difficult even before realizing I had forgotten my panties at home, though that was more embarrassing than an obstacle to my plans, but I never could have expected any additional trouble to come from a very sudden and inconvenient need for a toilet.

As it was now, I was bordering on desperate but focused on finishing up one last little detail. I tried to keep my face from pinching with discomfort as I stretched my small upper body to reach the imperfectly centered vase, the edge of the wood pushing right into my bladder to compress it and make its fullness very hard to ignore, but I persevered and started fixing the minor flaw. Somehow not having underwear made the displeasure even worse. My plump, bare behind and uncovered pussy lips were squeezed tight by my knee length skirt, the fabric of which felt nothing like soothing cotton panties and instead rubbed against the tender area to create persistent friction every time I bent over. Fortunately the flowers spread beautifully in their now realigned glass vase with only a small tweak, allowing me to draw back and remove the pressure before it became too much. It took everything for me to keep from sighing in relief at my bladder’s soothing return to a less strained position.

"So much work, all to practice for a meeting we could have accomplished in an email..."

My boss Vivienne sounded quite sarcastic despite the genuine validity to her statement. Watching her rearrange chairs that had long since been set up without error, I agreed with her sentiment in full. A week had passed since we’d been tasked with giving an “important presentation” that we both had developed diligently, only to find out this very morning the whole thing was a pre-prepared congratulatory slideshow, and that the real meeting wasn't even happening until tomorrow.

The email informing us of this had also not so politely explained that we were supposed to get the room set up today, and given us very specific guidelines by which to do so, all while we were still dressed up for the directors who wouldn't be arriving. Someone had obviously messed up the chain of communication big time and was just trying to cover themselves for as long as possible... As little fun as I was having now, at least I had the comfort of knowing Vivienne would tear them a new one once she inevitably found them.

"I have to apologize again, Tina. You came in on a weekend, all fixed up, just to help me arrange furniture and read some stupid slides." She continued, making me pivot swiftly to face her when I saw her turn my way. It was impossible to be fully certain no one could tell I was going commando thanks to the tight skirt on my ample backside, and I had many reasons for not wanting Vivienne to so much as suspect my mistake, so I'd had to be quite careful to ensure my lack of panty lines remained undiscovered. I'd managed to stay diligent even though some part of me tingled from something other than a need to pee at the thought of her finding out...

My reassuring response became inarticulate fluff in my head as soon as my eyes met hers, the gratitude in the deep blue so intense I had to hope the heat rising in my cheeks as a reflexive response didn't come with a matching blush. All I was left able to do was reply somewhat tactfully in my shy and quiet voice that always got even softer speaking to her. "It's really no problem. They blindsided you by having the whole practice meeting and setup thing anyway, along with the stupid slideshow they're making you present."

Anxiety hastened my pulse when I feared a line had been crossed by dropping the "stupid" part, but a quick chuckle from her turned the panicked pounding into wispy flutters, and my head grew light again at the sight of her stress dissipating for just a moment of levity. It was a secret to everyone but myself that she reduced me to such a fool. The simple wonder of hearing her speak in my direction clouded out rational thought, but who could blame me for that? Vivienne was older but absolutely beautiful, and had aged so well most would never be able to guess her true age without lowballing it by at least a decade.

There was only a touch of gray in her voluminous black hair, and her sculpted face was blessed by full lips and enchanting eyes with hardly a wrinkle to be seen on any of her flawless olive skin. Then there was her body; tall and curvaceous thanks to thick hips and a rack that most would have had to pay for, and a solid musculature that made her all the more commanding but no less graceful. My petite silhouette fit in just her shadow with room to spare. I'd felt ecstatic to work beside someone so captivating on this project, which had been all her and me when no one else volunteered, and being able to spend hours working in solitude together was excellent compensation for all our hard work even if others didn't appreciate it.

Leaving the chairs where they were and leaning against the table, she wordlessly made it clear it was time for a break, sighing as she took some of the weight off her long legs to relax. I was very tempted to slip out for a trip to the bathroom but decided against it. We'd worked together long enough for me to pick up on when she wanted to start chatting, and I never intended to miss out on hearing her quips and stories. Not to mention leaving might require an explanation my bathroom shy self simply couldn't be brought to say to anyone... Leaning back against a nearby wall to take pressure off my bladder and listen, I assured myself there'd be ample opportunity to sneak out and use the restroom before too long, which would save me the humiliation of having to tell my crush I needed a bathroom break.

"I almost can't wait to show you the slideshow in full. It's not just stupid, it's a total circlejerk for these assholes. We sealed a big merger and now they want a bulleted retelling of how much money they'll be making, and if that isn't obnoxious enough, they had the audacity to say it's "good policy" for us to get dressed up for a practice meeting no one else will be here for. How nice of them to tell us after we came in, huh?" She said, her words both true and wildly unprofessional for someone in her high-level position. Not that I was bothered. In fact, her refusal to play corporate games and her confidence to always speak her mind had played a large part in my falling for her.

"They're smart enough to know we wouldn't have bothered with looking our best if we weren’t required to. Which, I guess, makes them rude and manipulative, but maybe if they had to dress like this too they'd change their minds." I replied in reference to our equally spruced up looks, which looked quite lovely but had not proven ideal for the tasks we were actually doing. Even light cleaning was rough in business formal, after all. I'd also been quite frustrated to hear the effort for my ensemble would not only go to waste, but tomorrow I needed to redo it all for when the actual directors came in for the real deal. Everything about the situation. stunk because I had spent hours preparing myself for any kind of scrutiny, starting with lovingly curled lashes, blended amber eyeshadow, and a light but striking layer of red lipstick, which was far more than just my usual touch up.

A soft fluffing of my blonde hair had also been in order, getting rid my flat locks and transforming them into poofy semi-curls that bounced during every step, a look I thought was professional and cute in perfect measure. All of my work, including the time perfecting and straightening my white silk blouse and form hugging skirt, would need to be entirely redone. Considering I'd been busy enough to forget my panties while getting it all ready this morning, hopefully a serious practice would at least help me to stay calm enough tomorrow to remember them. The cute little pink slip was probably sitting on my bed still, mocking me for my frenzy... How ironic was it, that I'd forgotten to put them on while panicking about forgetting something important? At least Vivienne got to see me looking my best…

"I'd love to see any of them accomplish half as much while dressed up like this." Vivienne said with amusement, stretching out a long leg to emphasize a beautiful red stiletto I would have never been able to walk in. A tingle starting deep down in my body blossomed forth to tickle very vulnerable parts of my anatomy at the sight. I'd been trying not to get distracted by her outfit, but these little gestures radiating sex appeal combined with the fact that she looked amazing made it very hard to avoid losing my focus on her.

In my defense she always dressed like a woman who knew she was attractive and liked to weaponize it, and I was happy to be a victim. High heels so tall they made her tower over some men were always present, while the rest of her immaculate wardrobe was usually a toss up between a pantsuit or a skirt and blouse tailored to perfection. The high price tags on these pieces alone would have turned heads, but the way they were always fitted to her curvaceous body and beautifully color coordinated frequently stopped traffic. Today she was exceptionally outfitted in a tight black skirt and matching suit jacket that brought out the red of her vibrant blouse, which of course coordinated with her scarlet shoes for an eye catching ensemble no one could ignore, especially poor little closeted me.

"But here we are!" I said cheerfully, hoping to take the conversation to less tempting places for my own sake. Any kind of arousal did not mix well with my full bladder, as having more attention on the occupied area made it so much harder to ignore how I really did need to get to a bathroom in the near future. Not to mention that staring at women so far out of my league was a terrible way to hide my feelings for those who probably didn’t have them. Shifting against the wall in a bid for comfort I disguised as a look around the room, it occurred to me we had accomplished almost everything we'd been instructed to do, even getting the refreshments from the caterer packed into the miniature fridge for tomorrow. The only thing that would need to be put away was...

The source of my rapid desperation dawned on me with a healthy dose of self admonishment. In the limited afternoon sun shining through the window, a half full drink dispenser sat by a small stack of Styrofoam cups, its condensation covered glass allowing a clear look at the bright and ice filled lemonade filling it to the halfway point. In a rush like a flash flood I recalled how Vivienne had brought it in to share, and with only the two of us there had been plenty to go around. What I’d thought to be one or two cups I’d had to be polite must have been far greater in number than I could accurately recall... It had just come together in a perfect storm of circumstances; the work had indeed made me thirsty, I didn't want to see any of the drink wasted, and the fact that Vivienne herself had made it kept sending me back for more of the delicious beverage. Now I was paying the price for being so ridiculous.

"We really have done everything else, so I suppose we might as well start the slideshow." Vivienne said, her voice relaxed but still like a hammer to my now hurried thoughts. Fighting down a flinch, I smiled politely as she left the table to go to the projector at the front of the room, beside which was her laptop running the presentation in question.

In the moments it took her to start typing, I put together that it would probably be a minute or two before the projector and computer decided to warm up and sync together, giving me the tiniest potential window to go and relieve myself.

A whimper almost escaped me as I stood up straight once more, the adjustment to my position enough to send the contents of my bladder sloshing inside of me like an overstuffed water balloon, making it quite clear the lemonade I'd had to drink was still gathering into a growing reservoir. Soon I'd be more than just uncomfortable. Tiny beads of sweat broke out on my forehead as the weight of my dilemma pressed down on me in the literal and metaphorical sense, forcing me to squeeze my thighs together as I went through my options rapid fire. I could try to leave undetected and use the bathroom down the hall as quickly as possible, but what were the chances I could leave and come back unnoticed?

Then there was the option to just wait it out and go after we were done, but how long would our presentation really take? My number one goal was to ensure Vivienne never even knew I had to pee; something about others knowing I was using a toilet or merely in need of one simply mortified me to my core, and that fear went double for her. But if I waited too long and it got too bad... No, I couldn't dare think about that! I had to take a chance now while there was a window of opportunity!

Nervous as could be but grateful for the relief I knew would await me, I headed for the door as quietly as my heels allowed on the thin white carpet, hoping I could finish quickly despite how much lemonade I had to be rid of.

The cellphone Vivienne had set on the table beside her pinged and vibrated against the wood loudly enough to startle me right as I reached the door. My hand on the knob, I pressed my legs together hard to prevent the scare from letting anything escape, wishing I had panties on now more than ever with my bare lips so exposed to the open air beneath my skirt. Frozen on the spot, I watched and waited for more information from my boss as she lifted her phone. In part I was eager to help if needed, but mostly I couldn't escape with her potentially about to share something important...

Scanning the phone screen, Vivienne didn't lose her focused but disinterested expression as she returned it to the table after only a glance, leaving me in hopeful limbo before she spoke again. "That's the alarm I originally had set for a final break... Seeing as how the actual slideshow isn't long though, why don't we do our practice now so we'll be done for the day?"

A spasm of anxiety tore through my whole body and made my bladder contract so hard I was forced to squeeze my legs shut again to avoid a leak. Somehow being denied the bathroom was physically painful in my current condition, likely because my body knew I had no idea how long Vivienne thought this was really going to take, nor how much time I had until things got... unbearable. But what could I do? Even asking for a quick bathroom break was just too much, to the point my heart almost lurched in terror at the thought alone, leaving me little to do for now but hold it. It was a struggle not to whimper in trepidation as I took my hand off the doorknob.

"W-what should we do?" I asked with more concern showing than I would have liked, my desire to be helpful a calming force in the face of my unease and growing desperation. In the back of my mind I was assuring myself I absolutely had the strength to hold it for as long as necessary, and that it was beyond absurd for a grown woman to be so worried about needing the bathroom. I'd never had an accident, and I certainly wasn't going to have one now, even if I didn’t know how long I could handle the discomfort growing in every part of my pussy. All I had the power to do was be ready to sneak out as soon as I saw an opening.

"No point in making it a big fuss. You take your spot by the refreshments, or where the lemonade is for now, and come up when I hand off the rest to you, sort of like how we practiced for the presentation we thought we were giving." Vivienne said without a hint of concern, gesturing to the table where we'd lay out the snacks tomorrow.

For now, all there was on the polished wooden tabletop was the drink dispenser and its mockingly bright yellow lemonade. Ice still floated at the top to keep it cool enough for condensation to not only fog the glass but to drip down the sides in tiny rivulets, advertising the cold and refreshing contents that I'd been so grateful Vivienne had brought for us to share. I buckled my knees together at the sight, and suddenly hated my love-struck self for having been so overly polite and drinking so many. All of the lemonade I'd sipped down without a care was still gathering at an agonizing speed in my bladder, swelling it to an unbearable size with a growing amount of pee I had no idea when I'd be free to release. I nearly whimpered in agony as Vivienne gave one final helpful bit of advice.

"Lock the door to make sure we aren't interrupted. Oh, and try to always have a drink in your hand, even for this practice. It makes everything feel more at ease." She turned on the projector as she spoke, her affect calm and oblivious to my predicament as she focused only on getting her slideshow up.

"Of course!" I said as cheerfully as I could, remembering I had to not only hold it but also hide the fact that I was doing so. How humiliating would it be for my boss, the woman I admired and was so deeply attracted to, to know I was absolutely desperate because I couldn't keep my thirst in check or ask for a bathroom like an adult? No amount of hard work could get me back in her good graces if she found out I had let it get this bad. I had to make sure that no one watching could ever predict I was desperately in need of a pee. Gulping down a quick breath and steeling myself, I put on the cheeriest smile I could, then locked the door and headed to the beverage dispenser with my head held high. Every step jostled my bladder to the point I had to fight a reflexive wince off my face.

Either Vivienne was far too focused on her work to notice anything out of the ordinary, or I actually managed a convincing act, because she kept her efforts on getting the slideshow to read clear on the board at the front of the room. "Obviously we'll have to be professional tomorrow, but I don't really care too much about that right now, so I hope you'll forgive me for being a little casual."

I was split between focusing on her and the painstaking task of sitting down without giving anything away. The chair beside the lemonade dispenser looked uncomfortably low to my currently desperate self, and I had to take another breath as my mind wandered to thoughts on how nice it would be to sit on a toilet instead. Trying not to picture anything of the sort, I sat as quickly as I dared, knowing but not admitting what the consequences might be if I moved too fast. Just one poorly planned adjustment and everything could be soaked in the blink of an eye.

Thankfully my behind settled into the chair without a single drop of leakage to be felt, but I made quite a point of squishing my pussy against the hard surface to apply as much pressure as I could when I first sat down. Despite its liquid cargo, my bladder felt like a solid and unyielding ball of pain and discomfort in my lower belly, and one that I could do nothing to soothe as it pressed on my overburdened little hole.

It wasn't until I looked back to the lemonade that I recalled my directions with a sinking feeling of unparalleled gravity. Holding in my pee was hard enough, but having to add more to the load, all while keeping up a happy veneer? There were probably torture techniques less cruel than this, but I didn't have the freedom to complain or even break my composure. Gulping back a whine, I kept my fake smile as steady as I could, reaching for a cup with all the mock enthusiasm as I was able to muster.

Trembling hands bravely took a Styrofoam cup off the pile and held it beneath the little faucet to pour, but I couldn't keep myself from hesitating in my agony, my wide eyes trailing up the rivulets of condensation to the top of the dispenser. The lemonade level was much lower in the glass container than it had been when Vivienne had kindly brought it in that morning, giving me a visual clue as to how much I'd downed in such a short amount of time, and the damning sight alone was enough to make my bladder throb. I'd been so happy she'd brought us something to share, and so delighted to try a beverage she had made, and so refreshed by every delicious sip...

Beneath the fabric of my skirt I jammed my thighs together for security. My other hand pressed down on the release while I pretended to listen to the beginning of the presentation, every moment ticking by like an eternity. Eager to be done with the torture but very compromised, my finger's push on the nozzle was feeble and slipped after only a brief tap to start the flow.

Vivienne didn’t notice the error but it was far from without consequences. A thin dribble of lemonade squirted out the tiny exit to patter audibly into the cup, and between the color and the way the droplets flowed over the Styrofoam it was quite easy for my desperation laden mind to make an obvious and painful comparison. The similarities conjured up unwanted but irresistible fantasies of my own release happening in a similar fashion, and the images that flashed before my eyes were so tempting I almost mewled out loud. It was so easy to imagine slipping a cup between my thighs and letting go under my skirt, all without panties in the way to slow me down or a care in the world for decency, and the pattering of pee hitting the cup would probably sound just like the lemonade-

Heat that was far too wet for comfort appeared between my legs with enough speed to stop me in my tracks. Icy fear filled my body in response, the unmistakable dampness of a leak stopping just shy of dripping beyond my pussy and sparing my skirt from a wet patch. I had to take a few painstaking moments to grasp the gravity of what I'd almost done before it registered. Adrenaline was surging through me, but I had to remain completely still as I tried to grapple the fact that I'd almost peed myself, the few droplets I'd been irresponsible enough to let by still threatening to leak into my skirt without panties to soak them up. On reflex my legs jiggled under the strain of dealing with the near accident while still holding back a flood.

"First slides are all introductions; I say my name and what I do here, even though they should all know me by now..."

Vivienne knocked me out of my near crisis and back to the still ongoing situation in the present once I heard her playful dig. Coming quite close to cracking the cup in my panicked hands, I looked back up at the board to see the slideshow projected beside her, with our company photos laid over our job titles and other bits of information. In my agony I'd completely forgotten we were in the middle of practice. I was obviously failing to stay in control, and would need to do much better if I wanted to keep my secret under wraps.

Gulping in nervous dread, I went back to the agonizing task at hand, moving as fast as I could to minimize the chances of losing my nerve. The fake smile on my face was little more than a tiny lift on the edges of my lips as I braced myself for the continuing torture. Holding the cup beneath the nozzle once again, I pressed the lever to start the flow of lemonade.

Gentle pattering hit my ears with all the force of a waterfall. In my desperation the thin stream that flowed into the cup may as well have been a flood of biblical proportions, and the rising tide of bright yellow lemonade burned an unavoidable comparison into my mind, one that tempted me so much I had to intertwine my legs together like a pretzel just for some comfort. Beneath my skirt my pussy struggled the most. Every beat of my hammering heart came synchronized to a pounding pain against the tiny hole keeping it all inside, as if an ocean was battering my urethra every single second to try and struggle free. It was enough to bring agonized tears to my pretty blue eyes.

Despite it all, I managed to stay dry until I had a full cup in front of me at last, but the exertion had left a considerable dent in my resolve. Sweat was once again perceptible in places both private and in full view. But in my refusal to submit I could only celebrate the small victory, even if I was still hardly out of the woods yet.

"This slide is just the start of the process of the merger. It's all a bunch of self congratulatory garbage so I hope you'll forgive me if I'm less than enthusiastic; I can't be expected to fake sincerity two days in a row." Vivienne said as she kept on going, apparently heedless to my struggle by the grace of some merciful God. Despite everything I actually felt my smile become more genuine at the comment. Even with a need to pee like nothing I'd ever known, this woman always had the ability to make me feel better, especially when she was honest about how dumb corporate nonsense could be. I knew she'd play the part tomorrow and pretend to be as happy as the directors expected her to be, but I got the treat of seeing her genuine and far more hilarious presentation today. Perhaps focusing on that would be the key to holding it without as much struggle?

Ignoring the cup in my hand, I kept my eyes on Vivienne, and found I was far more able to focus on her than anything else that could have distracted me. Such a thing was hardly unusual though. Staring at a beautiful woman didn't require much effort, even when you were still in the closet. If I was especially attentive I could see the small but lovely details in how her chest jiggled with the smallest movement to set it off, her every minute shift creating enough motion to bounce the outcropping breasts in their undoubtedly expensive bra, something her fitted blouse only accentuated with its soft, tight fabric.

Then there was the curvaceous drop downwards to her hips... How incredible it was, to stop and admire how she thickened so much her ass would probably be able to block out a good portion of the projection if she stood sideways. It was a sight that helped me ignore my desperation, but also made the pain still remaining far more bearable. If anything the feelings she gave me mixed very well with a need to pee, and having no panties on and her not thinking anything was amiss was absolutely the icing on the cake of temptation.

"Tina?"

The cup in my hand was jostled when my name in her voice snapped me out of my delightful vacation from reality. Vivienne was looking at me expectantly, and it occurred to me that I hadn’t heard a word she’d said for some time and had no other way to respond but lost confusion. "Huh?"

"Did you hear me? I asked if you thought some of these numbers were less than accurate." She reiterated, looking concerned with my reaction instead of annoyed. Given how I usually paid attention at all times that made sense, but now I had no idea how to save myself from appearing careless, so I quickly replied and threw a plan together as I went.

"Oh, yes!" I said in an enthusiastic lie, scanning the page to find it was a list of exaggerated samples and inflated profits someone must have thrown together. Biting my lip at the strain of holding pee and strategizing at the same time, I babbled out an excuse for my inattentiveness, cringing at the lameness of what came out of me in the process. "S-sorry I'm just... I'm trying to memorize everything... So it goes well tomorrow."

My words were near painful with their pitiful lack of conviction. Keeping my legs crossed, I tried to just focus now on the still considerable need to pee so I could avoid the scolding that had to be inbound, but instead found my ears delighted by a friendly reassurance.

"Oh, you sweet little thing... These jerks don't deserve that from you." Vivienne soothed, striking my delicate heart with her platonic but still thrilling use of "sweet thing" as an actual way to refer to me. It wasn't the first time I'd heard her say it, but to have it directed at me... Something like electric heat tingled the depths of my pussy. Rubbing my thighs together, I felt my heart come close to bursting even while my bladder had a momentary war with my body in an attempt to relieve itself during the chaos. Thankfully nothing came out of me but a grateful babble of thanks and a dumb but genuine smile.

Vivienne returned to the presentation at that, and I went back to focusing on keeping my bladder in check while using her as the perfect distraction, though I made something resembling an effort to listen as well. It was far from easy but at least it was doable. My panic was now something far more like annoyance at how clearly I was to blame for my own discomfort, between drinking without a care and stubbornly refusing to take a bathroom break when I'd had the chance. Had I simply acted like an adult the deed would be done and over, and relaxing with an empty bladder might have actually made this fun, especially since I was blessed by so lovely a sight to enjoy. But not once in my life had my shyness allowed me to ask for a bathroom, and there was not a single instance where I had been able to use one while another person was present... So at least that internal resistance helped me hold it a little better?

Another spasm encouraged me to shift in the chair as a safeguard, my bare pussy rubbing against my skirt to create the friction I'd found so unhelpful but so far from unpleasant before, and I had to curl up to withdraw the soft lips lest they be tempted any further. Forgetting my panties was proving to be a repeated strike against me... One could almost wonder how I'd made it this far as an adult if I was so embarrassed by basic natural functions. Even if today was the first time I'd made such a mistake in my life, it was quite the blunder.

Minutes ticked by far too slowly for my liking, forcing me to keep casting glances to the clock as I tried to hold on to what my boss was saying at the same time. There were lots of numbers, congratulations, and a number of facts that had questionable sources Vivienne called out each time. Most of it became indecipherable gibberish as soon as it hit my ears. On top of that the hands of the clock seemed to tick by louder with every tiny motion, to the point where after a few minutes I could hear them loud as a car alarm from my chair. A horrifying increase in the pressure I was fighting seemed to coincide with the amplifying volume, but I had no way of knowing if it was the result of more lemonade gathering at the exit, my own fading resilience, or just a slow deterioration of my resolve... All three were on the table as it was now. Not daring to look at the cup still cradled in my hands, I wished for the umpteenth time that I had simply done a million things differently...

Bouncing my legs beneath the table and out of sight for some small alleviation of the pain, I let out a quiet and shaky sigh to try and calm myself. In the end all of this discomfort would be for something, right? I'd find a way to get to a bathroom before things got too bad... Wouldn’t I? There was no way I'd allow myself to get to the point where an accident was even a possibility, as I wasn't locked in and there was a bathroom just down the hall. All I had to worry about was staying calm and collected so the desperation was never suspected.

"This is your part, Tina." Vivienne said, interrupting my chain of thought but not surprising me as badly this time. Seeing the information on the projection board, I recalled being assigned a data sheet that matched the basics of what was on screen, which she helpfully explained as she stepped aside to make room for me beside the laptop. "You'll be covering our specific branch and everything we did to contribute, which is all laid out here anyway. Just try to look perky while reading it."

Nodding in painful understanding, it took all I had in me not to wince as I stood, the sudden shift in position squeezing my bulging bladder with enough force that adrenaline surged through me in panic. There was undeniable warmth on my pussy, but in truth it was impossible to tell if it was a few more escaping droplets or actually heat created from the strain of holding so much pee in. I didn't exactly have time to think it over.

Taking my first step sent everything sloshing once more, and the ocean of piss inside of me crashed down, wielding its full weight on my tiny hole as my heel made contact with the floor. In what had to have been just the few minutes since I’d last walked, it had already gotten so much worse. Pain and pressure so intense I almost doubled over had to be forced down so I could keep going. Every step produced the exact same results, but I had no choice but to soldier on, my pride combining with an iron willed refusal to ever let Vivienne know I needed to pee. It was the hardest thing I’d done in my life, but eventually I crossed what had to be the mile separating us and arrived at the front of the room, my still full drink in hand. Hopefully the dim lights and glossy projection beam would keep my sweat hidden...

"Right! So, our department..." I began, tapping a key on the laptop to get the slideshow full screen once more. My throat worked on autopilot to read the text with the hint of a smile I was able to fake, as the rest of me was far too occupied on not peeing myself to help. Every inch of my pussy was straining to hold back the flood that wanted nothing but to escape. Standing had made it a hundred times worse, which could no doubt be attributed to gravity, but it was so powerful it felt like something was working with malicious intent to increase the downward pull just to torment me.

Not even knowing what I was saying, I tried every little trick I could to distract myself. Finishing the presentation meant we were done, and that would provide just the window I’d require for a bathroom break, so I needed only to stay strong a little longer. Intent on finding something to keep me going, I sought out anything capable of distracting the half of my mind that wasn't on autopilot, and caught a soft floral scent when I inhaled during my search...

I knew from experience it was Vivienne's perfume.

The realization was a distraction alright, but far more of a curse than a blessing. Focusing so much on my aching bladder had blinded me to her current proximity. Now it was impossible to ignore that she was right beside me, her much taller form no doubt towering over me as her expensive perfume filled my nose and clouded my mind, which once again sent tingles down my spine. Now though I was in no condition to endure them, and the usually delightful feelings pushed me near to the brink of losing control. God, it was hard enough to handle myself around her when I wasn't holding back a flood of pee... Everything about having her close made me want to imagine her warm body against mine while her hand slipped up my skirt and parted my thighs-

"Tina?" Vivienne said just as I hissed in a breath of pain, the thought of a hand between my legs also taunting me with how relieving it would be to use my own and apply added pressure to the overworked exit. Instead my fists just balled to white knuckled tightness as I turned my head to face my still unassuming boss. Somehow she continued to only look concerned, though I was more than frustrated enough with myself for the both of us. "Do you have stage fright?"

A response didn't attempt to so much as initiate on my tongue. In a way her diagnosis rang true; I was indeed afraid of being the center of attention and struggling now explicitly because I couldn't work up the courage to speak up and ask for a break, but that obviously wasn't what was being asked... Reading my frozen fear as the only response available to her, Vivienne continued, explaining her concerns and stepping closer.

"You look a little pale, and you're curling up like a frightened puppy. Does the idea of talking in front of a crowd scare you?" She said, her perfume now rich in my nostrils and making me dizzy enough to be dangerously close to fainting. Wetness that wasn't just pee was perceptible between my legs when I shifted back from her.

"S-sometimes..." I mumbled in a not dishonest reply. Fear of crowds had nothing to do with this hesitation though; everything tormenting me came down to a horrifying mixture of desperation and an inexplicable surge of arousal at her presence, which I usually had a better handle on. At this current moment though it felt like the two were mixing together, as if the need to pee and my lust for her fed off the mutual forbidden pleasure they created, and each was making the other stronger. It was truly like I was enjoying being desperate around her, and said enjoyment was turning me on to make appreciating her so much more sensual… but such a lecherous thing couldn't be true! I wasn't some kind of pervert! I was just a woman with a secret crush and not enough backbone to ask for a bathroom break...

Vivienne smiled, her plump red lips drawing me in like they never had before. How many times had I fantasized about kissing them only to stop in shame? She wasn't married or dating as far as I knew, but she also probably had no attraction to women, and even if she did enjoy female company a young nobody like me certainly wouldn't make the cut. "Want to know a little trick of mine? I used to be terrified too, but if you stand with a touch more confidence, it can go a long way. Is it okay if I adjust you?"

I had no doubt she meant putting her hands on me, something that was such a terrible idea I should have known to reject it with a lie in my current condition, but the temptation was far too great for my diminished willpower to have any hope of resisting.

"Yes."

If my one word reply was too enthusiastic she made no sign of being bothered, and instead got right down to work. Moving behind me, she came close enough for me to feel the warmth of her body, and the proximity triggered a new surge of tingling delight along the length of my back. A portion of that sensation settled down at the fork of my legs, creating a war between the resulting pleasure in my pussy and the agony in my already strained bladder as holding it became that much harder. Sweat was quickly appearing again as she laid her hands on my shoulders. "Keep your back up straight, like this."

Delicate fingers pushed me into a more upright position, which tightened the loop of my skirt over my bladder and forced the pee downwards to ram against the exit. It was enough to make me want to scream. There was so much pain and pressure but it only mingled with and enhanced the pleasure of her contact, leaving me battling a kind of agony that had me leaking more of the other wetness between my lips.

Despite it all I was obedient, my raging arousal and pain going molten and turning my body into something like a volcano overdue for a glorious eruption, a comparison bordering on literal in my case. My need for a bathroom was slowly becoming all encompassing, and the problem only worsened as she moved her hands lower to shift my posture even more upright, making it impossible not to discern the flood of piss trying to free itself. God it was so bad I could feel my bladder pressing outwards now; the rounded and bursting organ creating a none too invisible swell on my lower belly with nowhere for it to go but outwards. I was so full, so turned on, and so helpless between the two needs that I was little more than a frozen statue beside the laptop.

"Oh, and make sure you pause for a sip."

Let me know what you think in the comments please! I always love to hear feedback!

*002*2021-02-23 01:54

{{1 hour ago, Oel14 said:

I love it! Frankly, It's the best I've read since a while. I'm very thankful for your work

Can't wait for the next part!

}}

Thank you so much! I put so much time into this, I almost can't wait to post the next update!!
