The Country Girl, a short story of exploration

Author: Charlie Kirby

*000*2016-02-12 15:56

Daisy wandered into the barn. It was hot outside, but to say the cool dry air that lingered in the store was all she really wanted would be a lie. Daisy had discovered early that growing up as a single child on a farm means little to do. But every cloud has a silver lining, because the long holidays with and expanse of land to discover lens itself to a privacy that Daisy loved to exploit.

She stood, surrounded by heaped hay in the store that had been long forgotten. It was the furthest one from the house, hidden in overgrown wasteland and with and old plough blocking the door. She'd had to climb over the rusty metal to get in, and now her tattered clothes were dirty with mud and grease. She felt naughty. Very naughty.

Daisy watched the dust float in the shafts of light that fell through the slats in the roof. Looking up into the gloom she could see a pair of denim shorts resting atom a beam. She'd put them there a few weeks ago, after having an accident and wanting nobody to find out. It was now, though, that she'd realised the joy her little leak had bought her. Today she was back for more.

She climbed up to the top of the hayloft and reached out to pull the now dry shorts from their perch. She was new to feeling horny, and absolutely loved the feeling of the tight denim embracing her pert little bottom.

Ready for the thrill, Daisy began to forcefully squirt her pee into the shorts. It was quite different from accidentally wetting herself. The warmth spread quickly and soon streams of hot pee were running down her legs. She listened as it pattered on the damp wooden floor of the hayloft, and softly fell through cracks to the hay covered ground. Her pussy tingled as the warm wet patch spread in her crotch. She felt turned on. She knew it was wrong, but as Daisy's exploring fingers tentatively slipped into her soaked shorts, she knew it was so right.

*003*2016-02-15 15:27

Thank you! :) x

$

