Julianna's Accident (Dystopian Wetting)

Author: Calb

*000*2025-01-10 14:26

- No! There must be a mistake! Come on!

Julianna screamed at her phone and almost threw it into a snowbank. Wind howled empathetically. The young woman was hopping from one foot to the other, staring at her ID in the App. A pretty 26-year-old woman with long brown hair and smiling grey eyes was looking at her from the photo where Julie’s face was calm and collected, unlike now.

Every field in the app was green, apart from the most important one. The red timer was counting down two hours showing the dreadful message:

“Error 383. Certificate not found”

Nervously, she tapped on the pop-up message started to walk again while listening to the ice-cold voice of the AI:

“Request 1: I'm sorry, but your request for application review was denied. Please update your certificate".

She recoiled and swore under her breath.

“Request 2: conducting search for “closest public bathroom”… Address: Heroes' square. Distance – 2.8 miles. Calculating route…”

Julianna shut down the app angrily. No way she was gonna hold it for that long. She couldn’t believe her bad luck.

The young woman never dreamed of a perfect life when she moved to this large unforgiving bee-hive of a city, but she never imagined it would be so cruel as to make her ask for permission to use the bathroom, as if she was a kid about to wet her pants! What kind of heartless machine this place has turned into?! It’s not enough that the App keeps tabs on you and knows every step you take, now it’s in charge of your bathroom schedule! If only she could pop into a café or a fast-food joint somewhere, but without the stupid certificate they were not allowed to serve her and would definitely deny her access to bathroom for fear of a fine or worse… The App was glitchy as hell, nothing unusual about that, but she could never imagine that it could just ban her from almost all restrooms in the city.

Julianna was livid and afraid in equal measure. She winced from the pain in her bladder again. She couldn’t just pee outside – not in broad daylight, not without cover, besides she wasn’t seeing any. There were, of course, free bathrooms offered by the stupid bot, but there was no way she could walk for that long, there was enough liquid in her bladder for her to pee herself at least two times before she reaches the damned toilet.

Fuck… Fuck… Oh God…

She muttered quietly. Her need to pee got super serious. She’s been holding it for a hours and holding it further wasn’t a challenge, it was torture. Normally she would take a bus or call a cab, but the damned App made it impossible, too. Julie swore under her breath and continued walking, there was no other choice. It wasn’t cold enough to make her pay attention to the wind, but wintery enough for the snow to slow her down. Her bladder was throbbing aggressively, as she picked up pace, twinging from another spasm. She has to somehow make it home; she couldn’t think of any other place where she could relieve herself without having an accident. Her bladder wanted her to have an accident, though, and was launching an assault against her tired muscles; and it wasn’t its fault – it was beyond full now. She squeezed her crotch and moaned softly.

Please, God, please, I can’t wet myself, please…

All of a sudden, she stopped. How could she forget?! Her friend lived in a flat five minutes from where she was standing – finally a solution!! She walked under the empty bus stop and took out the phone, twisting herself in knots from pressure inside. After a few tones, Rebecca picked up the phone.

- Hello!

- Hey, Becca, how are you?

- Hey, I’m great, Jules! Actually just saw your Instagram, you look good. Even left you a comment.

Her voice was joyful and pleasant. Please be at home.

- Yeah, screw you, your ass is much fatter than mine and you know it. Listen, Becks, I need your help… I have a problem with the App... I need to use the bathroom like now, it’s… God, it’s an emergency! Are you home?

- Jeez, Jules… No, I’m still at work. I just finished my shift… Tom is not home either, but… Hey, how about I call you a cab to my office? Where are you?

Becca’s voice was filled with empathy, Julie felt that for a pleasant second.

- Um… St. Martin and Durran?

- Oh my god, it’s so far away, it’s like 20 minutes from there… Will you manage to hold it, should I call a taxi for you?

Julie winced from a sharp jolt of pain in her abdomen and sighed loudly. Half an hour, god, I’ll wet myself!!

- N-no, I mean, yeah, I’ll m-manage thanks. Don’t call the cab, I’ll just… go home…

Her voice was becoming shakier with each word, the situation was unbelievably bad.

- Oh my gosh, Jules, just hold on, okay? It’s gonna be alright, I’m sure! You know what, I will-

Her voice was cut off along with Julie’s hope. The message on her phone read:

“Error. No available funds”.

She wiped a tear off her cheek. Fuck you, there should be "funds". I topped it up yesterday, stupid machine!

The pressure inside was inhumane. She didn’t know what to do. She could call her boyfriend, and he would have helped, but not today – he was on a job trip and wasn’t coming back any time soon. Her bad luck couldn’t be worse.

Fuck, I’ll piss myself. Need to go right now, oh my god…

She thought and looked for a secluded place somewhere. There was none, and she was already sweating lightly despite the cold weather. She surpassed more and more people, trying to walk faster. The snow wasn’t making it easy. Why did she drink so much coffee? Because she couldn’t know a fucking robot would suddenly lose her certificate and make her suffer through this ordeal… She was absolutely positive she never had to pee that bad. She was a big girl, but the pressure inside didn't care and wanted her to have an accident.

Once upon a time, long time ago she leaked in her shorts after a long volleyball match. She was a student at the uni back then. Her team won, although it was really hard to hold it towards the end. She remembered how stupid her face looked in the mirror when she ran into the bathroom and danced in front of three closed stalls. She remembered Becca, her then teammate, giggling when she saw a wet patch growing Julie’s shorts. That was it, though. One of the stalls finally opened and she let it the rest of it out into the toilet. That time she got away with a stain on her shorts and slightly wet panties. When she came back to the dressing room her teammates just teased her and quickly forgot about it. She’d played well. They’d won. Nobody cared that she wet herself a little.

No way she was getting away that easily this time. Not that anybody would care, but everybody would be watching unless all the passers-by just evaporated. A young woman pissing herself in the street is not what you see every day, and Julie was trying her damnedest not to do it. She stopped biting her lip, she’s been almost biting through it in sheer agony. Julianna prayed that she was going to make it, as she passed the empty fast-food joint.

It closed several months ago, and its windows were barred with plywood. It was in the news – the fast food chain was violating the synthetic food regulations. If it were still open, Julie would go inside and beg to make an exception for her. No pimply young guy manning the cash register would say “no” to a pretty young woman on the verge of wetting herself. A heartless robot would, though.

- Aaaah… - she moaned as she stopped at the crossing.

Several people looked at Julianna as she blushed. She couldn’t stop it. A timid trickle ran past her clenched muscles, and she felt her pee seep into her panties. She managed to stop the flow, but her bladder was pulsating wildly. Two strangers stopped looking at her out of politeness, seeing how badly she obviously needed to pee. And the poor girl was peeing. A sharp jolt made her lose control once more, and she wet her panties more severely. She tensed every muscle in her body and managed to cut off the stream in three seconds, almost fainting from the pressure. Gritting her teeth, she forced her body to obey, then crossed the road when she saw the green light.

Her panties felt cold and were clinging to her private parts. Fuck, fuck, no, I’m peeing, fuck… The pressure inside seemed insurmountable. She grimaced at the pain. She must endure. Her apartment block was so close, yet it hurt so much. She crossed another road forcing herself to hold it despite the tremor inside. Another tear ran down her cheek, when a strong jet of pee shot into her underwear again.

It felt warm, and she saw a stain on her jeans. Julianna was terrified and didn’t know what to do – her bladder became heavy; and she was carrying it like a kettlebell she couldn’t drop. Her gait must've been fucking cartoonish, but it was so unimportant Julie didn't even begin to care. The only important thing was saving her dignity. It was dreadfully hard. She tried to hold off her tears. Her muscles felt almost completely numb. She couldn’t stop another spurt that wet her panties and jeans full-heartedly and stopped in four or five seconds. The dark stain on her thigh was plainly visible now.

Oh God, it’s over, shit…

Miraculously, Julie clamped the leak and kept wading through the snow. Do they ever clean the snow in this part of town?! Desperate and angry, she refused to give up. For a moment she said that after leaking several times her bladder calmed down. It felt as if the coffee and water she’d drunk were still filling her poor bladder and it could not store any more of it. It was rebelling against her relentlessly.

- No, no, no… - she mumbled and stopped at the crossing, waiting for the green light.

She moaned and let out another jet into her jeans, it was strong and seeped through the fabric, Julie could feel the warmth with the hand she was keeping in her crotch, too desperate to care about how she looked. The stain on her pants was not huge, but the thermal underwear and panties felt really wet, too wet to contain her pee at this point. The time was slowing down as it does in a dream sometimes. She could only wish this nightmare was just a dream, but it wasn’t.

The light changed, and she walked again, gritting her teeth, tensing every working muscle she had. She leaked again, the stain covered even more of her thigh, her winter sports jacket was too short to cover her wet crotch. Her panicky bladder was winning. For a second, she was ready to give up and allow the urine flood her pants and melt the snow with a yellow fountain. Her underwear is soaked, her jeans are wet. People will notice anyhow, if they haven’t already. What did she have to lose? She’s already losing it, she can’t order her muscles to hold on, all she can do now is gradually wet herself, jet by jet... This was almost is for her exhausted body.

Goddamn this App… Goddamn these fuckers! Fuck!

As she burst into tears, readying herself for the most embarrassing moment of her life, she went past a tiny building and saw a young woman at the entrance, her orange robes made her stand out from the greyish cityscape. The Middle Eastern-looking woman was smiling at Julie with the warmest and gentlest of smiles. Julianna stopped and wiped the tears off her eyes. She never noticed this building before, but the shrine must have been here all the time. The female monk’s gaze was positively hypnotizing, Julie couldn’t look away. Despite the stain on her pants being impossible to not notice and her whole body saying she was about to finish what she’d started; Julie didn’t feel ashamed in front of the monk. It was as if the lady in orange could sense her pain – the monk’s eyes were joyful yet deeply sympathetic. The monk approached the young woman and took her by the arm without saying a word. Without a shadow of doubt, Julie allowed herself to be led inside the shrine.

The interior was barely lit by the candles, and the building looked much larger now that they came in. Julie was shivering, as the woman was leading her across the old wooden floorboards. Julianna stopped. She couldn’t anymore. Muttering apologies, she watched the stain on her crotch grow decisively. There probably was a bathroom in the shrine, but her swollen bladder couldn’t wait one more second. Her hot river of piss was flowing slowly but confidently through her soaked panties and thin thermal underwear and soon reached her shoes.

- I’m so-so-sorry… I’m sorry… I can’t… - she said quietly.

The monk’s hand was still holding Julie’s arm. Even through her jacket her touch felt warm and comforting.

- It’s okay. Don’t worry, sister.

Her soothing voice worked like a charm. Julie allowed her tears to flow and just stood there drenching her jeans. Hissing and tapping sounds broke the silent harmony of the shrine. Julie looked down at the puddle growing in her feet. After so many hours of struggle she was happy she could finally relieve herself. She had zero control now and was peeing herself freely, soaking her panties, thermal underwear and her favorite blue jeans. She gasped at how ruined they now looked and how helplessly they were absorbing the hot stream. She just wanted it to be over to end this torture. Her jeans were soon all wet, as the puddle in her feet grew. She was sobbing in relief. Somehow, despite the monk lady standing right in front of her witnessing everything, Julianna’s stress was almost gone, and with each drop of urine that left her body, there was less of it.

For a while there was silence. In a minute or so, Julianna finally emptied her poor bladder and was standing in a large puddle. Its smell mixed with the incense was almost unnoticeable, but impossible to ignore. Still crying from relief she said:

- I’m so sorry, fuck… I’m so embarrassed… Please forgive me… I…

- No need to apologize. Come with me, you need to change.

Soon Julie took off her soaked clothes and put on an orange robe. Its fabric was rough against the skin, but felt strangely comfortable. She was glad nobody was watching her in the tiny backroom for a change. In a couple of minutes, she gathered her thoughts and walked out hoping to ask for a bag to carry her ruined clothes, but the woman wasn’t there. A droid that looked like a hoover from an old movie was slowly mopping the floor, cleaning the scene of Julie’s accident. She heard the monk’s voice again:

- Is this your friend?

Before Julianna could answer, Becca was hugging her tightly.

- Oh my gosh, Jules, you look so pale! Are you okay?

- Uhh… Y-yeah… I…

- Damn, I’m so sorry it happened to you… I was on my way, as soon as I knew…

- I can’t believe I did this, fuck…

- It’s alright, it’s okay, nobody saw you, I mean, you know what I mean... I'm sure you won't be telling anybody, right?

The monk nodded.

- Don’t worry, I have my sweatpants, I'll bring them now, wait here. They will be tight around your butt, but still better than… you know…

Julie chuckled through the tears and breathed out.

- My car is parked outside. I'll drive us to your place, alright?

- Um... Okay, I'll get my stuff. Thanks...

In an hour, after having a long hot shower, Julie was sipping tea in the kitchen. Becca's tea was cold. She could never shut up when she was nervous. Julie's cup was half full. The tea was comforting enough to wipe her memory clean of the awful soggy sensation that seemed stuck with her for a while. Becca was trying her hardest to distract her with her stream of consciousness that Julie was not really listening to.

- Screw this app, they're probably not even trying to fix it. Bugs out on me all the time. I mean, what the fuck?! God, you’re so lucky you didn’t pee yourself in front of a camera. That shrine must be the only place in the city without cameras… You’re so lucky!

Julie remembered the monk’s smile and the light of the candles dancing in the dark. She knew she was lucky. She wanted to go there and light a candle to thank the deity that helped her that day. She also wanted to take that candle and set the whole fucking city on fire and watch it burn along with the stupid App and its creators. She smiled.

- You know what? – she interrupted.

- What?

- You know Jason, my boyfriend? He’s a lawyer, a good one, too. I can't just... let it slide. We should- We will sue them, they must pay!

The saddened girl disappeared and the furious woman came back. Becca smiled. Julie was herself again.

