Spring Break Agony

Author: comicman320

*000*2017-12-06 09:53

Spring Break Agony

Hi there Omorashi this is cyclops320 and I am back with what I hope will be another good story. Since my last story about girls pissing in swimsuits was so well received I figured I’d capitalize on that and create something similar just with a lot more women involved. Before we start I just wanted to give a shout out to all the people that left reviews for my first story. I appreciate all the feedback and I hope you guys enjoy this story as much as the first one. So without further ado lets get into it.

The spring of 2017 in California brought a heat wave that would normally have people enjoying the comforts of their homes. However for the college students that had just been released for spring break, this was a chance to take their minds off their studies and enjoy the beach and the alcohol that came along with it. However, for a certain group of girls this would be a trip full of humiliation and bursting bladders. On the beach of Santa Monica the spring break party was already in full swing. Beer was flowing everywhere and girls in skimpy swimsuits where dancing to the music blasting from the speakers set up along the beach with a DJ to keep the party going all day long. In a nearby parking lot a 2015 red corvette had just pulled in. After finding a spot in the already overflowing lot the occupants began to leave the car more than ready to join the party.

The first of these occupants was 22-year-old Monica Sanchez. Standing at an impressive five foot nine, Monica was a vision of beauty that would turn any mans head. She was an African American woman with double d cup breasts and curves that any women would kill for. The pink G-string bikini she is wearing only emphasized this do to the fact it barley covered her ass and pussy. Turning to the right she saw her friends just getting out of the car and began to grow impatient.

Tapping her foot she glared at her friends and said in an annoyed tone, “Come on guys we have to hurry or will miss all the fun.” Rolling their eyes her three friends got out of the car and displayed their bikini clad bodies for the worlds viewing pleasure. The first of this trio was 23-year old Chelsea Smith. Chelsea was a blond young woman clad in a red string bikini that did little to contain her impressive d cup breasts, and next to her where the 25-year-old twins Jessie and Britney. Both girls were dressed in sexy purple thong bikinis that preserved their modesty but at the same time made their asses eye candy for every man on the beach.

Putting her hands on her hips, Chelsea sent a mild glare at her best friend and said, “Would you relax Monica its only noon so we have plenty of time to enjoy the beach”. Shaking her head Monica replied, “I know that chelse but look its already insanely busy and I just want us to be able to have a good time without any problems.” Seeing a growing argument Britney chose to intervene at that point by saying, “Speaking of problems don’t you guys think it would be a good idea to visit the lady’s room before we party it was a long drive after all.”

Turning to her friend Monica raised an eyebrow and said, “all of us peed before we came hear so having to use the toilet shouldn’t be an issue and if it is you better be prepared to hold it or piss in the ocean because the bathrooms are going to be insane.” Turning to the right she smiled and said, “ enough with the questions were here so let’s party!!” Before they could stop her Monica was already racing towards the beach to get in on the fun. Shaking their heads the three girls decide to fallow her and try to have a good time.

For the next three hours the 4 girls spent their time dancing, flirting with boys, and drinking to their hearts content. However because of the intense heat the girls had consumed just as much water as they did alcohol and now that liquid was starting to make its presence known. The first to feel the call of nature was Monica who after spending the last two hours drinking and dancing was finally relaxing in a lounge chair near the water. At first the need to pee was only a dull ache that was easy to ignore but after consuming three beers and two water bottles in the past hour alone, her bladder was starting to demand that she go to the bathroom. Grabbing her bikini clad pussy; Monica bit her lip and tried to keep her mind off the piss that was trying to force its way out of her pee hole.

For the next five minutes she did her best to ignore her bladder but that effort went out the window when she saw her friends making their way over to her with hands buried in their pussies and agonized looks on their faces. Wincing, Monica stood up and said to her friends, “Let me guess you guys drank to much and now you have to pee really badly.” Nodding, Chelsea looked at her friend and said, “ I’m sorry Monica but that beer went right through us and we can’t find the bathrooms.” Sighing, Monica rolled her eyes and said, “Well its luck for you guys that I have to pee really badly as well so lets find the toilet and get it over with okay?” Nodding the four friends set off to find the bathroom and relieve their aching bladders.

After taking several agonizing steps across the beach one of which caused Britney to lose a spurt in her bikini, the four friends had finally located the restroom. However to their horror a huge line of bikini clad women had built up waiting to use the toilet. Practically all the women in line where the same age as the girls and all of them where furiously pee dancing demanding to be let in to use the toilet. Groaning at having to wait the four friends stood in line behind a women clad in a white bikini who looked like she was going to piss herself at any moment. For the next 10 minutes the girls stood in line hoping it would move quickly so they could pee.

Twenty minutes later, the line had not moved an inch and all four girls where rubbing their pussies in agony, practically shouting at the women ahead of them to hurry up. Eyes wide with panic, Monica was doing her best to keep the flood at bay but it only became harder when a spurt escaped her aching pussy and soiled her bikini bottoms. Realizing that she didn’t have long before she would piss herself she began looking around for any place to pee. Turning to her right she saw that the men’s bathroom was almost completely empty.

At first she was disgusted with herself for thinking such a thing but her pee hole was ready to release all its contents right then and their and she would be dammed before she peed herself in front of all these people. Making up her mind Monica raced for the men’s room while doing her best to keep all her pee in her pussy. Throwing the door open she realized their wasn’t time to make it to a stall so she shed her bikini bottoms and raced for the urinal. With pee leaking out of her she pointed her ass at the urinal and let everything go.

With nothing to hold her back a huge stream of urine made its way out her aching pussy and into the urinal behind her. Despite the fact her womanhood was on display for the world to see, Monica let out an unrestrained sigh of relief and took comfort in the fact that her ordeal was finally over. As she continued to pee she noticed that her friends had followed her and after shedding their own bikini bottoms, were now pissing to their hearts content in the urinals right next to her.

For the next few minutes the only noise in the room was the sound of the girls dwindling pee streams until Monica finally said, “So it’s agreed that none of us will ever speak of this again right?” Getting nods from the other three girls she smiled and said “Well now that we’ve avoided utter humiliation why don’t we get cleaned up and go back to having a good time huh?” Smiling all four girls proceeded to clean themselves up and get back to enjoying their spring break on the beach. While the girls kept their word and never spoke of that incident again the memory of almost peeing themselves that faithful spring break was something they kept with them for a long time to come.

THE END

