What Can I Say? It's Complicated

Author: Char242

*003*2018-05-30 06:41

Chapter 2: Let it Go, Just Not in Your Pants!!!

It was the first day of the new school year as Miia made her way to school. As she walked, she found herself struggling to stay awake. Saya had kept her up most of the night asking all sorts of things about what Miia’s school was like and about her school life. While Miia had kept her school life private from Saya since the first year of middle school, the incident with Mai roughly two weeks earlier was more than enough to convince her to be more open with Saya. The moment that the front gates of the school became visible on the horizon, she heard a loud grumbling. “Damn it,” she muttered as her cheeks became flushed, “I hope nobody heard that.”

“I heard it alright,” said a voice from behind her. As Miia spun around, she saw that it was disciplinary committee member and fellow third year Yui Tanaka. The two girls had been in the same class for the first two years of high school. “Did you forget to eat breakfast or something?”

“I didn’t forget to eat breakfast,” replied Miia as her stomach roared again. “I had trouble falling asleep last night and ended up sleeping through my alarm. Because of that, I had to skip breakfast just so I could get here on time.”

“It’s not good to skip meals,” lectured Yui as she reached into her school bag, pulled out an energy bar, and handed it to Miia.

“Thanks,” said Miia as she opened the wrapper and took a bite. They walked alone in silence for a minute or so, but Miia could tell that there was something on Yui’s mind. “Tanaka-san, is there something wrong? You look like you want to ask me something.”

“Actually, there is something that I want to ask you but I’m not sure how to ask it.”

“Jush say it,” said Miia with a mouthful of energy bar.

“Well, it’s just that I heard a rumor that a couple weeks ago you beat up Kenjiro Endo to the point that he was literally crying for mercy. Is that true?” questioned Yui. Her question caught Miia off guard because a second later, Miia was choking on a piece of the energy bar. Yui quickly got behind her and slammed her palm into Miia’s back with enough force to cause Miia to cough up what was lodged in her throat. “Oh my god, are you okay?”

“Just fine,” panted Miia as she wiped a bit of drool from her mouth. “Where did you hear a rumor like that?”

“It’s all over the school newspaper’s blog. The number of views and replies it’s received are staggering. Honestly, I’m surprised you haven’t heard anything about it.”

“Of course I haven’t heard anything about it. I do not have time to waste on such nonsense.”

“So the rumors are false?” asked Yui. “You didn’t beat up Kenjiro Endo?”

Miia turned her head, “I did fight him, but I only did so to defend myself and another girl. I did not beat him so badly that he cried for mercy. I did knock him out though.” As Miia turned back towards Yui, she could see a look of excitement in her eyes.

“That’s amazing,” exclaimed Yui. “Rumor has it that no one has even taken on that delinquent and won. The fact that you did it must mean you’re pretty strong.”

“I wouldn’t say that I’m strong,” blushed Miia. “If my instincts hadn’t kicked in, I probably wouldn’t have been able to take him down. Honestly it was just dumb luck.”

“You’re way too modest,” chuckled Yui. Suddenly her face became serious. “I will say this though, please try to be careful. Kenjiro Endo does not seem like the kind of guy who would like rumors going around that he got beat up by a girl. If anything, he might try to come after you for a rematch.”

“I’m not too worried about that,” replied Miia. “I’m pretty sure he learned his lesson the last time, but if it makes you feel better, I will stay away from him.” Before the two girls knew it, they had entered the school grounds and were now standing in front of the board that said what class they would be assigned to. “It looks like we’re going to be in the same class this year.”

“That’s great,” agreed Yui as she began looking at the other names on the board. “Aww, it looks like Megumi is in another class this year.”

“Megumi?”

“Megumi Nakamura, you know, the girl who was the ace of the girl’s track team until her injury late last year.”

“Oh yeah, poor thing. It must be hard to have something you love stripped from you in a split second. I always see her now and again hanging out with an underclassman, I believe his name is Matsuda something.”

“You mean Kai?”

“So, you’re on a first name basis with him? Could it be that you two are going out? I mean you go watch his track practice from time to time,” teased Miia.

“Kai and I are just really good friends,” blushed Yui.

“But you want to be more than that right?”

“Shut up!” screamed a red-faced Yui.

“Relax, I was just messing with you,” laughed Miia.

“That’s not funny,” muttered Yui as she looked down at her watch. “Crap, I’m going to be late for the disciplinary committee meeting. I’ll see you later.” As she took off running, she yelled, “Please try to stay out of trouble.”

“I will,” Miia called back. As Miia looked at her own watch, she saw that it was still a bit early. “I guess I’ll go wait in the classroom,” she whispered to herself as she entered the building and made her way to the third floor. All the while she was unaware of just how chaotic things were about to get.

###

It was a few minutes to eight when Miia’s classroom began filling up with students. Miia’s classmate and girlfriend Akira Tendo was fast asleep at one of the desks as she was not much of a morning person. The room was filled with students chatting about what they did over the short break and other things as well. Miia was surprised that Akira could sleep through this much noise. As she pondered waking her up, she heard the door slide open. The room went deafly silent. Miia slowly turned her head towards the door and saw the reason for the silence. It was Kenjiro Endo and he looked pissed. “Please don’t notice me,” she whispered to herself as she watched him scan the room. But luck was not on her side today.

“Hey Nonaka, I need to have a word with you,” he shouted. He had a look of rage in his eyes although this was nothing new. His eyes always looked like that. Even still it was enough to make Miia tremble a bit.

Remaining in her seat, she calmly stated, “Whatever you need to say to me, you can say it right here.” Of course, what Miia really meant was that she was not going anywhere with him without witnesses.

“Have it your way,” grumbled Kenjiro as he walked towards her, each step seeming to shake the ground beneath them. In a matter of seconds, he was towering above her. Miia flinched and closed her eyes as Kenjiro suddenly reached into the bag slung over his shoulder and began to pull something out. She only opened her eyes when she heard a small clack on the table. It was a white box with a sweet aroma coming from it. Miia looked up at Kenjiro, not quite sure what to make of it. “These are for you. It’s a box of pastries from that one place over by the train station. I didn’t know what you liked so I got the most popular ones.”

“Why?” asked Miia as she peeked inside the box. As she looked at the pastries inside the box, the silence of the room broke out into gasps and whispers. Turning her attention back towards Kenjiro, she saw that he was no longer standing there. Miia looked around the room but could not see him anywhere. However, she did spy Yui who was pointing her finger down towards the ground. Miia turned her head towards where Kenjiro had been standing just seconds earlier and looked down. Kenjiro was on his knees bowing down to the point that his head was just inches from the floor. “What the hell are you doing?” shrieked an extremely embarrassed Miia, her voice waking up Akira in the process.

Kenjiro raised his head. “I want to apologize for the way I acted towards you and that Saya girl. I deserved the beating you inflicted upon me. What bothers me is the fact that you two still showed me such kindness afterwards. Because of that, I have decided to devote myself to being your servant and bodyguard so that I can learn to amend my selfish ways.” The room erupted into loud whispers of disbelief.

Miia shot up out of her chair. “Please get up now before you create any more misunderstandings.”

“But…” before Kenjiro could finishe his sentence, the door opened once more and a woman came in. It was the teacher. She was 5’10” with long flowing brown hair. From the look of her, she had to be in her twenties. Miia thought that the woman could be a model. Out of the corner of Miia’s eye, she noticed that Akira had already taken out a textbook and was now hiding behind it, a look of terror etching its way across her face. Suddenly Kenjiro jumped to his feet and yelled out, “What the hell are you doing here you old hag?”

“WHO ARE YOU CALLING AN OLD HAG?” screamed the woman as she picked up a chalkboard eraser and threw it at Kenjiro’s head with enough force to send him sprawling back. As he hit the ground, the woman began walking towards him, an aura of rage surrounding her as she cracked her knuckles.

“You can’t scare me,” said Kenjiro, his body trembling in fear. He began scooting backwards as the woman got closer and closer. “You’re a teacher. If you beat up a student, you’ll lose your job.”

“Actually, I was given specific instructions by the principal to use whatever means necessary to keep you in line. Do you know how embarrassing it is to find out that my little brother is the school’s biggest troublemaker? Honestly, I think you need to be taught a lesson in good behavior. I think it’s time for one of our little heart to hearts”

“I’m sorry sis. I promise I’ll behave,” begged Kenjiro.

“It’s too late for that,” said the woman as she raised her leg for a powerful kick. “Now repent!” And with that, the woman brought her leg down. Kenjiro closed his eyes and waited for the blow, but it didn’t come. As he opened his eyes, he saw that Miia was kneeling in front of him. Much to everybody’s shock, she had managed to catch the teacher’s foot with her hands just seconds before it could make impact with Kenjiro’s head. Miia released the teacher’s foot and watched as the woman jumped back. “Who the hell are you?”

“My name is Miia Nonaka. I’m sorry for grabbing your leg in such a way but it’s not right to beat your students, even if one of your students is your little brother.” Miia watched as the look of rage on the teacher’s face changed into tears. “What’s wrong sensei?”

Everyone watched as the woman removed a handkerchief from her skirt pocket and began wiping her eyes. “It’s just that I’m so happy that someone cares about my brother enough to defend him.” The teacher walked closer to Miia and firmly squeezed her shoulder. “I know that my brother is an idiot, but please watch over him.”

“Okay?” replied an extremely confused Miia.

“That’s great!” exclaimed the teacher. “I knew I could leave him in your care.” The teacher then walked to the front of the room and began greeting the class. “Welcome everyone. My name is Hana Endo, and I will be your homeroom teacher for this year. The first thing I am going to do today is to assign people seats. I have already taken the liberty of creating a seating chart. When I call your name, please move to the desk that I assign you.” Several minutes went by as Endo-sensei assigned students to their seats. Finally, she got down to the last four names on the list.

“Yui Tanaka, you will sit at the window seat in the third row from the back. Miia Nonaka, you will be sitting in the second to last row in the seat closest to the window. Kenjiro Endo, you take the seat right next to hers. And last but not least, Akira Tendo, you will be taking the seat behind that idiot brother of mine.” Akira tensed up when she heard her name called. “Akira Tendo,” repeated Endo-sensei. “Why does that name sound so familiar? Any who, please take your seats.” The four did as they were told.

As Akira sat down, she raised her hand and said, “Endo-sensei, can I switch seats? I can’t see the board from behind Jiro’s back.” The moment she said it, she knew she messed up. Akira watched in horror as Endo-sensei walked down the aisle towards her. “Please don’t recognize me,” she whispered to herself as the teacher drew closer.

“Ah Aki-chan,” exclaimed Endo-sensei as she stood over Akira’s desk. “Long time no see. I don’t think I’ve seen you since you graduated elementary school. It’s nice to see that you’re finally wearing skirts now, although you still have that boyish haircut. When you were little you dressed and acted just like a boy. I was seriously worried that you would still be that way.” As the teacher said this, the class erupted into snickers of laughter. Akira bowed her head in embarrassment. “Also I wanted to thank you for being Kenjiro’s friend.”

“She’s not my friend,” retorted Kenjiro. His declaration silenced the entire room. “With friends like her, who needs enemies.” Suddenly Endo-sensei slapped Kenjiro hard across the face.

“You should not talk about your friends like that, especially since you don’t have that many because of your temper and those angry looking eyes of yours.”

“SHUT UP!!!” shouted Kenjiro as he jumped to his feet. “Don’t you think I already know that?” Just one look into her brother’s eyes, and Endo-sensei knew she had gone too far.

“I’m sorry Kenjiro…”

“Forget it,” he grumbled as he ran out the door. Without really thinking, Miia stood up and prepared to follow him, only to be grabbed by the teacher.

“Just let him be,” said Endo-sensei as she turned around and walked towards the front of the classroom. Miia sat back down. “Now that the seating arrangements have been made, I have one more announcement to make. A new student will be joining us today.” Everyone watched as Endo-sensei opened the sliding door at the front of the room and a blond-haired girl with blue eyes strolled right through.

“SAYA!” screamed Miia as she shot up from the chair.

“Miss Nonaka, please refrain from such outbursts in class,” lectured Endo-sensei.

“Sorry,” uttered Miia as she sat back down.

Endo-sensei returned her attention to the transfer student. “Please introduce yourself to the class.”

The blond girl stepped forward and began to speak. “Hello, my name is Saya Watanabe. Up until now I have been homeschooled so this is my first time attending regular school. It is a pleasure to meet all of you and I hope that we can become friends.” The room erupted in loud whispers over how cute and refined the new girl was.

“That’s enough,” shouted Endo-sensei as she tried to get her classroom back under control. “I left a seat in the back row for you next to the window. Please go take a seat.” But Saya did not move. “Is there something wrong?”

“Well, it’s just that I was hoping to sit beside Miia since we live together and she is the only person that I know here.” Again, the room erupted with chatter. Miia’s face went bright red. If she still had any chance of having a normal school year, it had just disappeared.

“BE QUIET!” yelled Endo-sensei. She then turned her attention towards Saya. “Normally I would say no, but considering the circumstances, I will make an exception. You can take the empty seat next to Miss Nonaka and I will have Kenjiro sit in the seat that I would have assigned you. Now go take your seat, I have a couple things I need to discuss with the class before the opening ceremony starts.” Saya walked over to the desk and took her seat.

“Don’t worry, I’ll explain everything,” whispered Saya before turning her attention towards the teacher. From that moment on, Miia’s school life was about to get a whole lot stranger.

###

Endo-sensei released the class early so that they would have plenty of time to make it to the opening ceremony. Miia and Saya had stayed behind in the classroom so that Saya could explain the situation. Shortly after the incident with Mai, the Kana personality had met with Saya’s parents and proposed a deal. The deal was that Saya would get to attend a regular school so long as she was closely monitored by Miia. However, if Saya’s secret was made public, both she and Miia would be forced to be homeschooled for the year. “As we speak, Uncle Boris is in the chairman’s office right now finishing up the paperwork for my enrollment,” declared Saya.

“Why didn’t you tell me about this sooner?” asked an extremely shocked Miia.

“Because I didn’t find out about it until yesterday,” answered Saya. “Also I didn’t want to say anything about it just in case my parents decided to change their minds at the last minute. Are you mad?”

“No,” replied Miia as she rubbed her temple with her fingers. “My school life just became a bit more complicated is all. Well, at least this way I can make sure you stay out of trouble.”

“Do you really think that you can keep me out of trouble?” asked an evil voice. Miia slowly looked into Saya’s eyes and saw that her right eye had turned red. The Mai personality was now in control. “School is so boring. I don’t even see the point of being here.”

“Return control back to Saya right now, or else I’ll…,”

“You’ll what?” taunted Mai. “We both know that you don’t have any power over me. I can create as much mischief as I want and you are completely powerless to stop me. Just thinking of all the stuff I could do to that Akira bitch is getting me all excited.” She paused for a moment and looked Miia over with a mischievous grin. “Of course, I could be persuaded to be a good girl if you make it worth my while.”

“Fine,” grumbled Miia. “I’ll do what you want. Just don’t hurt Akira or cause any problems for Saya.”

“That’s a good girl,” smirked Mai as she gently caressed Miia’s cheek. “For my first order, I want you to unbutton your shirt.”

“But…”

“Are you refusing an order?” asked Mai as she grabbed Miia’s chin and forced her to stare into her eyes. “You know what happens to bad girls who don’t listen, or do you need a reminder? Now are you going to be a good girl or a bad girl?”

“I’ll be a good girl,” answered Miia. Mai immediately let go of her face. Miia then began unbuttoning her shirt, revealing a frilly white bra. Her face was beet-red. “Happy now?”

“Not yet,” smiled Mai as she reached into Saya’s bag and pulled out a pair of handcuffs. “Turn around and place your hands behind your back.” Miia did as she was told. She shivered as the cold steel of the handcuffs tightened around her wrists. Miia turned towards Mai and watched as she placed the key on one of the desks. Without warning, Mai tackled her to the floor and sat on top of her.

“What’s the meaning of this?” asked Miia, not really wanting to know the answer.

“It’s time to have a little fun,” responded Mai. Suddenly she grabbed hold of Miia’s breasts and began groping them. “I’m seriously impressed with your breasts. I mean they seem to get bigger almost every time I see them. You have to tell me what your secret is.”

“Please stop,” moaned Miia.

“Why should I?” taunted Mai. Mai then grabbed hold of Miia’s bra and yanked it up, exposing Miia’s breasts. Miia’s body shuddered as Mai began moving her fingers along her bare breasts. Mai had done a lot of awful things to her in the past, but never had Miia felt so scared as she did now. Miia could feel Mai’s fingers rest along the area near her nipple. “What does this button do?” smirked Mai as she pressed one of her fingers onto Miia’s right nipple. Miia moaned in a mixture of pain and ecstasy.

“No more,” she begged as Mai removed her finger from her nipple.

“Your moans are so sexy. I want to hear more,” laughed Mai as she began rubbing the nipple between her fingers. Miia did her best to suppress her moans, but it only made Mai more persistent. “If you continue to resist, then I guess I have no choice but to try harder.” Mai then released Miia’s nipple, leaned down, and wrapped her mouth around it. The feeling of Mai’s tongue running along her nipple was too much for Miia to bare. A loud moan escaped her mouth, followed by another, and then another.

“That should be more than enough,” panted Miia as Mai continued to play with her breasts. “If you don’t stop, I’ll scream.”

“Go ahead,” chuckled Mai as she removed her mouth from Miia’s breast. She opened her mouth to scream, but before she could, Mai pressed her mouth against Miia’s. Miia could feel Mai’s tongue in her mouth. She began to struggle, but soon found that the more she struggled, the more playful Mai’s tongue got. A few seconds later, Mai came up for air. “Ready for round two?”

Miia merely turned her head to the side, “Do whatever you want, I don’t care anymore.” Fighting back was futile as it only made things worse for her. She felt Mai’s fingers under her chin as her head was slowly turned back towards Mai.

“Don’t be like that. It’s not as fun if you don’t resist a little,” said Mai. Miia remained silent. Mai then placed one of her fingers on Miia’s lower lip and pulled down. “Remain silent all you want, but by the time I’m done I’ll have you begging me to do more.” Mai then leaned down and kissed Miia again, although this time it was much gentler. Mai was so enthralled in what she was doing that she didn’t hear one of the classroom doors slide open and shut.

“HEY BITCH!” screamed a voice behind her. “Leave my girlfriend alone.” Mai turned around and saw that it was Akira.

“Calm down,” responded Mai as she got off of Miia. “She and I were just having a bit of fun is all.”

“That’s not how it looks to me,” said Akira as she got closer to the two girls. “Tell me Saya, why did you force yourself on her?”

Mai walked towards Akira. “I didn’t force myself on her. She let me do it of her own freewill, but if you want me to stop, then I will. Miia and I can finish up what we started when we’re at home later tonight.” Suddenly Akira’s fist smashed into the side of Mai’s face with enough force to send her crashing into the desks. Mai got to her knees and wiped her mouth. As she did, she noticed that there was blood on her hand.

Before anything more could be said, one of the doors to the classroom swung open. It was Kenjiro. He had been walking past the classroom when he heard the sound of desks falling and had come to investigate. He was shocked by what he saw. Miia was handcuffed on the floor with her shirt open and her breasts exposed. Turning his head, he saw that Saya was next to some overturned desks and chairs. The right side of her mouth was bleeding. Standing a few feet away from her was Akira. One of her fists was clenched and slightly bloody. “What in the world is going on here?”

Seeing her chance, Mai quickly covered her face with her hands and began sobbing. “Oh, Kenjiro it’s terrible just terrible. I walked in on Akira-san assaulting Miia and when I tried to stop her, she viciously attacked me too. Please help me. I’m so scared.”

“She’s lying,” spat Akira as she backed away from Mai. “I may have hit her but it was only because she was attacking Miia.”

“EVERYONE JUST SHUT UP!” yelled Kenjiro as he walked towards them. The girls remained silent as Kenjiro took off his uniform jacket and draped it over Miia, all the while doing his best to avoid looking at her exposed chest. Then out of the corner of his eye, he saw the handcuff key on one of the desks. He quickly grabbed it and unlocked Miia’s handcuffs. “Are you all right?” Miia nodded, although it was obvious that she was still shaken up. Kenjiro then turned his attention to Saya. Within seconds he was standing over her. “I don’t know what your deal is but it needs to stop.”

“What are you talking about?” sobbed Mai, her hands never once leaving her face.

“I’ve known Akira since we were kids. She can be foul tempered and at times violent, but she would never hurt somebody out of malice. I think you’re the one who’s not telling the truth.”

“Tsk,” grumbled Mai as she removed her hands from her face, revealing her red eye. “I guess you’re smarter than you look.”

“Who the hell are you?” asked Kenjiro as he backed out of her reach. “The Saya I met the other day wouldn’t do something like this. She was a kind soul who didn’t seem like she could hurt a fly. You on the other hand look like some sort of demon. I command you to leave Saya’s body at once.”

“You dare give me orders,” shouted Mai. Suddenly she clasped a hand to her eye and began screaming in pain. “Not now, there is still more that I have to do.” Then the room went quiet as the girl’s head fell forward. “Kenjiro,” called a weak voice. “I’m scared. Please help me.”

“Saya is that you?” asked Kenjiro as he walked over to her and bent down. He was too preoccupied with trying to get a look at her face that he didn’t notice that she was reaching for something beneath her skirt.

“GET AWAY FROM HER!” screamed Miia, but it was too late. Miia watched in horror as Mai pulled out a metal object and pressed a button. Mai then jammed it into Kenjiro’s gut. His body spasmed a bit before falling to the side. “What did you do to him?”

“I just gave him a little shock is all,” answered Mai as she stood up and unfurled the object. It was a steel baton with a ball tip that could deliver a taser-like shock. Both Miia and Saya had been required to carry one with them at all times whenever they left the house as being connected to the Watanabe family made them targets for potential abduction. No one had anticipated just how big a mistake that would be. Mai next turned her attention towards Akira. “Now then, I think’s it time I pay you back for hitting me in the face.” She rushed forward and took a swing at Akira, but Akira dodged it with ease.

“Is that the best you can do?” taunted Akira as she dodged a second strike. She then side-stepped a third strike only to trip backwards on a chair. As she got to her knees, she saw Mai standing right above her, the baton raised high up in the air. Akira closed her eyes and waited for the inevitable.

“Brace yourself, this is going to hurt a lot,” smiled Mai as she brought the baton down. A horrible crunching sound filled the room as steel collided with bone. Strangely enough, Akira didn’t feel any pain. As she opened her eyes, she realized the reason why. In the time that she had closed her eyes, Miia had jumped in front of her and blocked the blow with her hand and wrist. Both Akira and Mai watched as blood began running down Miia’s hand. “Why did you get in the way?” shrieked Mai as she backed away. A look of fear was spread across her face.

“If I hadn’t done it, you would have probably killed her,” replied Miia as she stood up, her right wrist having gone limp. She walked over and threw her arms around Mai.

“Get off of me!” screamed Mai as she struggled to break free.

“Saya, it’s time to come back now,” whispered Miia. Several seconds passed before Mai stopped struggling. Miia took a couple steps back and looked into the blond girl’s eyes. They were both blue again. “Thank god you’re back.”

“What happened?” questioned Saya as she looked around. Several of the desks and chairs had been turned over and Kenjiro was lying unconscious on the ground. As she turned her gaze towards Miia, she saw that Miia’s right hand was bruised and bloody. “Oh my god! Who did that to you?” Nobody answered. It took Saya a few more seconds to realize that she was holding something in her hand. Looking down, she saw that it was a baton. She knew in an instant that whatever had happened had been her fault.

Almost as if Miia could read Saya’s mind, she uttered the words, “It’s not your fault.” Both Saya and Akira watched in shock as Miia collapsed from the pain. Saya fell to her knees and began screaming hysterically, tears running down her face.

Minutes later, Endo-sensei burst through the door. When the group had not shown up at the opening ceremony, she had gone looking for them. As she looked at the scene, she grabbed her cell phone and called a number from her speed dial. “Hey Boris, it’s Hana. We have a code red. Miia was injured. Please get to classroom 3B immediately. I’ll take care of the clean-up.”

###

Moments later, Boris arrived in the classroom. By that time Akira and Endo-sensei had cleaned up the classroom so that no one could tell a fight had taken place. While that had been going on, the Kana personality had taken over and had escorted Miia to the nurse’s office. The only thing left to take care of was the unconscious Kenjiro who was too big for the two girls to move. Boris walked over and picked up Kenjiro as though the boy were a damsel in distress. The group then made their way to the nurse’s office where Miia’s wrist was being examined by the school nurse. “How is Miia?” asked Borris as he set Kenjiro down in one of the empty beds.

“From the looks of it, I think she may have a fractured wrist but she would need to be x-rayed for us to know for sure. I suggest taking her to a hospital immediately,” answered the nurse.

“Will do,” said Endo-sensei. “Now would you mind leaving the room for a bit, there is an important matter that must be discussed.”

“But what about the boy?” asked the nurse.

“He’ll be fine. He’s taken a lot worse than that. Now go.” Endo-sensei watched as the nurse left. As soon as she was gone, Endo-sensei walked over to the sink, filled up a cup of water, and splashed Kenjiro’s face.

Kenjiro bolted straight up. “Where am I?”

“You’re in the nurse’s office,” replied Akira. She then turned her attention to their teacher. “Now can someone please explain what’s going on?”

“I believe that would be my job,” said Kana. And so, the girl explained about who Saya was and the different personalities that appeared when her eye changed color.

“So the girl who attacked Miia was the Mai personality?” asked Akira.

“Yes. And it is important to note that Saya has no control over what Mai does nor does she remember Mai’s actions after the fact,” stated Kana

“That’s freaky,” declared Kenjiro. “But now everything makes sense.”

“Not everything,” replied Miia. “For instance, I want to know how Boris and Endo-sensei know each other.”

“I guess the cat’s out of the bag,” said Endo-sensei. “The truth is that I was hired by the Watanabe family to serve as their eyes and ears while Saya attended school. I was given specific instruction to report any incidents to Boris.”

“So does that mean that Saya and I will be removed from the school?”

“No. As you did not have adequate warning, Boris and I have decided that we will keep this incident under wraps so that you two can continue attending this school. However, if something like this happens again, both of you will be removed from the school. Do you understand?”

“Yes,” answered Miia.

“That’s good,” said Boris. “Now let’s go to hospital.”

###

Later that night, Miia was in her room getting ready for bed. Her right wrist was fractured and the three fingers between her thumb and pinky were broken. As Miia was trying to unhook her bra, she found it extremely difficult to do with only one hand. Suddenly she heard the door behind her open. “Can I come in?” asked Saya as she peeked her head through the door.

“As long as you’re you and not Mai, then sure.”

Saya entered the room. It didn’t take her long to notice Miia struggling with the bra. “Here, let me help,” said Saya as she got behind Miia and unhooked the bra.

“Thanks,” said Miia as she sat down on the bed. “This sucks,” she said as she looked down at her hand. “I guess I’ll have to have Akira take notes for me until my hand heals.”

“Or I could do it,” volunteered Saya. “I could also help you with anything you need. Just ask and I’ll do it.”

“Look, you don’t have to go out of your way for me.”

“Yes, I do,” cried Saya as she knelt down and gently ran her fingers along Miia’s bandaged hand. “This is my fault. If I were better able to control the other two personalities this never would have happened.” Tears were running down her cheeks. “It’s all my fault. Please punish me.”

“Fine,” muttered Miia. Saya closed her eyes and waited for her punishment. A split second later, she felt something flick her forehead. As she opened her eyes, she saw Miia pulling her good hand away. “There, that is your punishment.”

“That’s not good enough!” sobbed Saya. “The things I must have done to you while under Mai’s control are unforgivable. You need to punish….”

“IDIOT!” interrupted Miia. Saya flinched as Miia placed her good hand on her face and wiped away some of the tears. “I already told you it wasn’t your fault. But if you really want a punishment, then I order you to help me with whatever I can’t do because of my broken hand.”

“You have a deal,” smiled Saya as she wiped away her remaining tears. As Saya left the room, she thought about all the apologies she would have to make the next day.

###

It was just before first period on the second day of school, and Akira was waiting on the roof of the school for Saya. Akira had received a text earlier that morning to meet her here before the first bell rang. She was just getting ready to leave when the door to the roof opened. Akira got the shock of her life when she realized that the girl standing before her was not Saya, but Mai. “What do you want?” snapped Akira as she got into a fighting stance.

“Calm down,” said Mai. “If I were here to fight you, you would already be on the ground.”

“Then why are you here?”

“I’m here to make peace,” answered Mai. The look on Akira’s face told Mai that she didn’t believe her. “Look, what I did was wrong. I shouldn’t have done that stuff to Miia and I shouldn’t have attacked you or Kenjiro. It’s just that I got angry at the thought that my darling Miia was being taken away from me and I lost control. It will not happen again.” Mai then reached into her school bag and pulled out a thermos. “Please take this as a peace offering.”

“Why should I take anything you say at face value?” asked Akira. “The Kana personality told me all about what kind of person you are and the things you do. How do I know that you’re not trying to poison me or something?”

“Fine,” grunted Mai as she unscrewed the cap and took a big drink from the thermos. “Happy now?”

Akira looked at her, not quite sure what to make of this girl. She finally decided that there was no way that Mai would be crazy enough to poison herself just so that she could her to ingest poison as well. Akira grabbed the thermos from Mai and took a big swig. It tasted kind of funny. “What is this?”

“It’s my own special blend,” smiled Mai. “Make sure you drink it all.”

“Okay?” replied a confused Akira as she took the thermos and began making her way back to class.

The moment she was gone, Mai burst out into laughter. “She really is a tricky one. No matter, everything is still going according to plan.” Suddenly Mai felt a shooting pain in her right eye. Reaching into her skirt pocket, she opened up a pocket mirror and looked into it. Her right eye was now a mixture of green and red.

“Just what are you up to now?” asked the face in the mirror.

“It’s none of your business Kana so just butt out.”

“I’m going to take a wild guess that you spiked that girl’s tea with something didn’t you.”

“Ding ding we have a winner,” laughed Mai. “I spiked it with a toned-down version of the diuretic that I gave Miia a couple weeks back.”

“Why would you do such a thing? You know that your actions will only anger Miia.”

“So what if it does? That Akira girl needs to learn to stay away. Miia belongs to Saya. In time Miia will come to accept this.”

“What you’re doing is wrong? I get that you’re trying to help Saya but there must be another way.”

“You don’t seem to get it. There is no other way. If we leave that Akira girl unchecked, she will eventually take Miia away and Saya will be all alone again. Tell me I’m wrong for thinking this.”

“I can’t,” replied Kana. “Akira is indeed a dangerous element, but we cannot do her harm without risking losing Miia in the process. Instead we must push Saya and Miia closer together so that she forgets about Akira.”

“So that was your plan in getting her enrolled in this school,” said Mai. “I knew something was fishy from the very beginning but I couldn’t put my finger on what it was. Honestly Kana, I’m starting to think that you’re more dangerous than me.”

“How so?”

“With me, what you see is what you get. I don’t try to hide what I am. You on the other hand prefer to hide in the background while controlling the strings of your unsuspecting puppets. In some ways, what you end up doing to people is far worse than what I do.” As Mai looked into the mirror, she saw that the red portion of the eye was receding. “Well it looks like my time is up. I hope we get to chat again real soon.” And with that she disappeared, leaving Kana in control of Saya’s body.

“You’re right,” said Kana as she closed the pocket mirror. “I don’t care about what I have to do or who I have to hurt in order to accomplish my goal. So long as Miia and Saya can live happily together, then nothing else matters.” Kana’s train of thought was interrupted by the ringing of the first bell. “Let’s just hope that my plan works out without any more interruptions.”

###

First period ended without incident. During the short break, Miia used the time to escort Saya to the restroom as Saya had not learned where everything was yet. As Saya entered one of the stalls, she found it empty except for a small porcelain object attached to the floor. Saya peeked her head out of the stall and motioned for Miia to come in. Miia did as Saya asked. “I thought you said that this was the bathroom but I don’t see a toilet, just this weird looking thing on the floor.”

“That is a squat toilet,” replied Miia, “what you were thinking of was a western style toilet.” Miia couldn’t help but laugh. Saya had spent almost her entire life in her mansion and always had the best things that luxury had to offer, so it wasn’t surprising that she didn’t know what a squat toilet was.

“Well are there any western style toilets?” asked Saya as she looked down at the squat toilet.

“Afraid not,” answered Miia. “This building is over fifty years old and the toilets have not yet been updated to western style facilites. If you have a problem with it, you can always take it up with the chairman of the school.”

“I think I’ll do that right now,” responded Saya as she prepared to exit the stall.

“Hold up,” said Miia as she grabbed Saya’s arm. “I was only kidding.”

“That’s not funny,” fumed Saya as she puffed her cheeks up. She then returned her attention to the squat toilet. “So how do you use one of these things anyways?” Before Miia could answer, there was a knock on the door.

“Miia, Saya, it that you?” It was Akira’s voice. As they opened the door, they saw that she was hopping from one foot to the other. “Are you almost done in there? I really need to go.”

“Why don’t you use one of the other open ones?” asked Saya.

“Because they look like they haven’t been cleaned yet. There really disgusting. Do you mind if I use this one?”

“Sure thing,” replied Miia. “While you’re at it you can also demonstrate for Saya how to use one of these.

“She doesn’t know how to use one of these?”

“No, she’s lived a really sheltered life. Now will you help her or not?”

“Why not,” said Akira as she switched places with Miia before closing the door. Akira stood over the squat toilet. “The first thing you’re going to want to do is hike up your skirt a bit and pull down your underwear. Then you’re going to squat down like so.” Saya watched as Akira hiked up her skirt, pulled down her panties, and squatted down. “Before you start going, make sure you’re holding your skirt and underwear away from your stream. Once you do that, just let it flow.” Saya stared as a golden stream came out from between Akira’s legs and landed in the water below her. Akira’s stream only lasted about a minute or so. When she was done, she wiped off the last few drops, stood up, and readjusted her clothes. “Any questions?”

“I’m good.”

“Then it’s all yours,” smiled Akira as she exited the stall and shut the door behind her. “You two better hurry up though, class is going to start in a few minutes.” Akira then left the bathroom.

“Hey Saya, I’ll wait for you outside the bathroom.”

“Okay,” shouted Saya as she hiked up her skirt and pulled down her panties. She then tried to squat down like Akira had done, only she lost her footing and almost fell into the squat toilet. As she regained a squatting posture, she grabbed her panties and pulled them out of the way. Saya squatted above the toilet for a couple minutes but nothing happened. She found such a method of relieving herself as inefficient compared to simply sitting down and doing it. After a third minute passed without anything happening, she decided to give up. She stood up, readjusted her clothes, and exited the bathroom.

“Did you go?” asked Miia as Saya exited the bathroom.

“Sure did,” lied Saya. She figured that she could at least hold it in until after school. What she didn’t know was that the diuretic from the tea that Mai had made was already starting to take effect.

###

Saya made it through periods two and three just fine, but period four was where the true hell began. For fourth period, class 3B had P.E. By the time P.E. started, Saya was already beginning to squirm. What was worse was that the girls were ordered to run three laps around the track field. As Saya ran, she could feel the contents of her bladder sloshing up and down and from side to side. She winced as each step she ran brought a renewed sense of pain. After running laps, the girls were forced to do sit ups. The constant pressure of her upper body pressing down against her bladder accompanied by the short relief of her body leaning back again, was absolute hell. By the time P.E. was over, Saya was almost in tears.

The next period was lunch. As Saya stumbled for the bathroom, she soon found every stall in each of the girl’s bathrooms in the school were being occupied. After several minutes waiting for a stall to open up, she decided to head back to her classroom to eat lunch with Miia. The lunch hour dragged on and the pain grew worse and worse until Saya couldn’t take it anymore. Just as lunch was about to end, Saya ran out of the classroom like a bat out of hell and towards the nearest girl’s restroom. Miia followed close behind.

As Miia entered the bathroom, she found Saya sitting on the floor just inches away from an open stall. “What’s wrong?” asked Miia as she knelt down beside her friend. Saya remained silent as she held her hands tightly to her crotch. Realizing what was going on, Miia grabbed Saya’s shirt and lifted it up a little bit. Sure enough, Saya’s bladder was bulging. “I’m going to take a wild guess and assume that you didn’t go before second period started. Saya nodded her head. “Saya, it’s not good for your health to hold it in. Come on and stand up. We need to get you to the toilet right now.”

“I can’t,” whispered Saya.

“What do you mean you can’t?”

“If I get up I think I might wet myself,” cried Saya. It was taking all her will power to hold back the roaring flood just behind her bladder. She knew that she had minutes at most before she would spring a leak.

“Well you can’t sit here until it happens,” said Miia as she used her good hand to help hoist Saya to her feet. “Now let’s take it one step at a time.” Miia slowly helped Saya reach the stall.

Saya was standing directly over the squat toilet when she felt the first drops leak through. Before she knew it, a downpour of urine came down into her panties. Her panties filled up in a matter of seconds and with it came a waterfall. Miia watched as some of it landed in the toilet while most of it just ran down Saya’s legs and into her shoes. Saya pressed down on her crotch as hard as she could and after a short time managed to hold back the floodwaters.

Hot tears were streaming down her face as she looked down at her soiled skirt and the sides of the toilet and floor below her which were now covered with piss. As Miia looked at Saya, she was reminded of all the times Saya had accidentally wet herself when they were little. There had been very little that Miia could do about it back then, but there was something she could do about it now. Without hesitation, Miia grabbed Saya’s wet skirt with her good hand and yanked both it and Saya’s drenched panties down Saya’s legs. “What are you doing?” screamed Saya as she took a couple steps back from the toilet.

“I’m trying to help. You can’t stay in those wet clothes and right now there just getting in the way. Take them off now.” Saya did as she was told. Her bottom half was now bare. “Now come over here and squat down over the toilet.”

“I can’t,” whined Saya. “I’m afraid I’ll fall in.”

“Don’t worry, I’ll be right here to catch you before that happens,” replied Miia as she squatted down in front of the toilet and extended her good hand to help Saya.

“Okay,” agreed Saya as she slowly squatted down. And just as she predicted, Saya lost her balance and began to fall backwards. However, Miia quickly grabbed her with both hands and pulled her in tight. Miia winced as a jolt of pain ran up through her broken fingers into her fractured wrist, but she did not let go.

“Feel free to hold on to my shoulders if you need to.”

“Alright,” replied Saya as she threw her arms on Miia’s shoulders. “What now?”

“Just go.”

“But you might get wet.”

“That’s not a big deal, what’s more important is that your bladder doesn’t explode. I can’t hold this position forever, so please just go.”

“Okay,” whispered Saya. She closed her eyes and seconds later, the remaining floodwaters burst through the floodgates and crashed down into the toilet below. It was coming out at such a high rate of speed that it was spraying droplets forwards. Miia shuddered a bit as she felt a couple of droplets hit the front of her legs, but she still held on to Saya. Saya’s stream would last about four minutes and by the time she was done, she had almost filled up the squat toilet. As the two girls slowly stood up, Saya asked, “What do we do now? I can’t go back to class with my clothes soaked in pee.”

“Don’t worry,” said Miia as she pulled out her phone from her skirt. “I have a plan.”

###

Fifth period had just started. It was Japanese literature and Endo-sensei was in charge of teaching it. Just as class was about to being, Endo-sensei asked, “Has anybody seen Watanabe and Nonaka?”

“I think that Saya went to see the nurse and Miia went with her,” lied Akira. In truth she had no idea where those two had run off to, but at least this way the two had a cover story for when they got back.

“Well I hope she’s okay,” responded Endo-sensei. She then began teaching the first lesson.

“Nice one,” whispered Kenjiro who was now sitting near the in the window seat next to Akira. Suddenly a low rumbling noise came from his stomach.

“What the hell was that?” Akira whispered back.

“My stomach’s been upset since lunch. I think it might have been those cookies that Saya’s Mai personality gave to me as an apology for yesterday.” As Kenjiro looked at Akira, he noticed she was squirming a bit. “Is everything okay? You look like you need to go to the bathroom again even though you just went less than thirty minutes ago.”

“I’m beginning to think that Mai might have spiked the gifts she gave us. If I had to guess, the cookies were probably spiked with some sort of laxative while the tea she gave me was spiked with some sort of diuretic.”

“That bitch,” said Kenjiro, except this time he forgot to keep his voice down so the whole class heard it.

Endo-sensei turned around and looked at Kenjiro. “While I don’t agree with your use of language, you are right in calling this character a bitch. I am assuming that you were talking about the passage we’re reading, weren’t you?”

“Of course,” lied Kenjiro. “What else would I possibly be talking about.”

“Well please try to keep your interruptions to a minimum.”

“Yes ma’am.”

“Nice one,” whispered Akira. Before Kenjiro could comment, Akira’s phone buzzed. She quickly took it out of her pocket and flipped it open. There was an email from Miia.

“What does it say?” asked a curious Kenjiro

“It just says that she and Saya need help and to call her as quickly as possible. Of course to do that, we’ll need to get out of class.”

“I’ll take care of that,” said Kenjiro. He then stood up from his seat and held a hand to his stomach. “Hey sis, my stomach’s hurting really bad. Can I go to the nurse’s office?”

Endo-sensei spun around and yelled, “How stupid do you think I am? Knowing you, you’ll probably play hooky or something. Now sit down, shut up, and pay attention.”

Kenjiro sat back down and whispered, “Sorry.”

“Hey Jiro, do you think you could stand up again,” asked Akira in a low whisper.

“I guess so,” he replied as he got to his feet.

“Sorry about this,” whispered Akira. Before he could ask what she meant by that, Akira slammed the back of her elbow into Kenjiro’s groin. He moaned in pain as he fell to his knees. The moment Endo-sensei spun around to see what was going on, Akira quickly got out of her seat, knelt down next to him and loudly asked, “Jiro are you okay?”

“Do I look okay?” he harshly whispered.

“I didn’t have a choice. Just play along.”

“Oh God, it hurts,” whined Kenjiro, the actual pain in his crotch almost bringing tears to his eyes.

“Stop faking,” snapped Endo-sensei as she walked closer to them.

“I don’t think he’s faking, I think he’s really sick. Please let me escort him to the nurse’s office,” pleaded Akira.

“Fine,” relented Endo-sensei. “But if he’s faking, then you’ll both be in trouble.”

“Thank you,” said Akira as she helped Kenjiro to his feet. “Now let’s get you to the nurse’s office.”

###

The moment they were in the hallway and far enough from the classroom, Akira removed her phone and dialed Miia’s number. “What’s the problem?” asked Akira as soon as Miia’s voice came through on the other line. Akira was silent for a few moments as she listened to Miia’s explanation. “Got it. Jiro is with me right now so he’ll help me get the items we need. Just give us a few minutes to get what we need. I’ll be meet you in the bathroom soon. Bye.”

Kenjiro waited for her to close her phone. “What’s going on?”

“It’s a private matter between girls.”

“Did one of them wet themselves or something?”

“Yes,” relented Akira. “But I won’t tell you which one and you can’t say anything about knowing about it.”

“That’s fair,” agreed Kenjiro. “What do we need?”

“According to Miia, we need gym clothes, some paper towels, a couple trash bags, and a pair of school slippers. I’ll get the clothes from the locker room and see if the school store has any extra slippers. You’ll need to get the trash bag and paper towels.”

“And where am I supposed to get those?”

Akira paused for a moment. “There is an empty clubroom in the far corner of the third floor over by the roof steps. I was asked to clean out that space over this next week so that it would be available for a new club. There should be cleaning supplies including trash bags and cleaning rags. Go get them and then meet me over by the bathroom on this floor. And try not to be seen by a teacher.” Akira then took off for the 3rd year girl’s locker room.

“This is going to suck,” thought Kenjiro as he began making his way towards the clubroom, all the while his stomach was rumbling like mad.

###

The two met up ten minutes later. Kenjiro was nearing his limit. He quickly threw a box of trash bags and some rags into Akira’s arms. “The rest is up to you,” he uttered before running into the boy’s restroom. Akira turned and ran into the girl’s restroom.

“Miia, are you in here?” she called.

“Were in the middle stall. The door is unlocked,” answered Miia. “Did you bring what I asked for?”

“Yes, I just need to soak one of the rags in the sink so Saya has something to wash off with.” Roughly thirty seconds later, Akira entered the stall. She quickly shoved the materials into Miia’s arms and then ran into the next stall over. The diuretic that Mai had given her earlier was at the height of its effect. It had been a miracle that Akira had been able to run up and down the school acquiring the items like she did without wetting herself. Akira was standing above the toilet with her skirt raised up when she sprung a leak.

Realizing that she would not have enough time to pull down her panties and squat down before the dam burst, she settled for squatting down. Right as she squatted down, a torrent of piss jetted out from the crotch and bottom of her panties into the toilet below. She could feel the spray running down the insides of her legs. Akira moaned in relief as both her panties and the toilet water turned a bright shade of yellow. The sound of her piss hitting the water was almost deafening.

Back in Saya’s stall, Saya was wiping off her legs and crotch with one of the wet cloths before using another cloth to dry herself off. She then grabbed her gym pants and threw them on. It was uncomfortable going commando but there was no helping it. While she was cleaning herself up, Miia was busy stuffing Saya’s wet clothes in the trash bag. The feeling of Saya’s wet clothes mixed with the sound of Akira’s pissing gave Miia the urge to use the bathroom as well. As soon as Saya was dressed, Miia asked, “Would you mind stepping outside the stall? I really need to use the bathroom.”

“Are you sure?” questioned Saya.

“Yes.”

“Alright,” replied Saya as she began making her way to the stall door. Once Saya’s back was turned, Miia lifted her skirt a bit and tried to pull down her panties but found it extremely difficult to do so with her broken fingers.

“Damn it,” cursed Miia as she fumbled with trying to get her panties down. Saya turned around and saw the trouble.

“Do you want me to help?”

“I guess that’s alright,” blushed Miia. “Just don’t turn into Mai while you’re doing it.”

“Don’t worry, I won’t let Mai come out,” promised Saya. She then walked over to Miia and gently pulled down Miia’s panties for her. As she did, Saya saw a small patch of black hair just above Miia’s crotch. It surprised her a bit, but then Saya remembered that she hadn’t seen Miia’s naked bottom half since they bathed together as children. She stared at it for a couple seconds more before looking back up at Miia’s face. Miia was looking the other way, her face a shade of red that Saya had never seen before. It was enough to make Saya’s face turn red as well. “I’ll wait for you outside the stall,” said Saya as she turned around and prepared to leave. She stopped when she felt something tug on the back of her shirt. As she turned her head, she saw Miia was holding on to her shirt with her good hand. Miia did not look her in the eye.

“You should just stay. I’m going to need help getting them back up anyway.”

“How did you put them on this morning?” asked Saya.

“Kana helped me. She likes to take control of your body in the morning when your still half asleep,” answered Miia. “So, will you stay?”

“Sure.” Saya quickly noticed that Miia was making no effort to squat down. “Is something wrong?”

“It’s just that it’s kind of embarrassing to do it while someone is watching me. Would you mind turning around?”

“Alright,” agreed Saya, although in truth there was a part of her that didn’t want to turn around. She heard rustling behind her the moment she turned her back. A couple seconds later, she heard Miia curse again. Without thinking twice, Saya turned her head towards Miia and saw that Miia was struggling with keeping her skirt and panties out of the line of fire. “Do you need help with that too?”

“Yes,” admitted Miia. Saya walked over to her and squatted down. While Miia used her good hand to keep her skirt out of the way, Saya grabbed Miia’s panties and pulled them up and away from any potential stream. From where she was squatting, Saya could see everything. “Hey Saya, please don’t look. This is embarrassing enough as it is.”

“You’re not being fair,” muttered Saya. “You saw me go and that was incredibly embarrassing for me, so it’s only fair that I see you go too.”

“I can’t do it with you watching me,” stated Miia. “Please look the other way.”

“I get it,” replied Saya, a look of sadness etching across her face. As she turned her head away, she mumbled, “You’d let me do it if I were Akira.”

“What does that have to do with anything?” screamed Miia. She watched as Saya turned her head towards her, half expecting to see Mai, but it was still Saya. The look in her eyes was one of jealousy and sadness. “What did you even mean by that?”

“Akira is your girlfriend so it would make sense that you would rather have her help than me.”

“I never said that.”

“You didn’t have to. I can tell that my being here at school inconveniences you greatly. When I get home, I’ll ask Boris to fill out the paperwork for my transfer. You won’t have to see me at school anymore. This way you and Akira can spend as much quality time together as you want.”

“I don’t want that,” mumbled Miia so quietly that Saya couldn’t make out what she was saying.

“What was that?”

“I said that I don’t want you to leave. The reason that I don’t want you looking has nothing to do with Akira. The truth is that I am extremely pee shy and can’t go when I know others are watching. It would be the same situation regardless of whether it was you or Akira helping me.”

“And why should I believe that? How do I know you’re not lying to make me feel better?”

“Because the only person I would ask to help me is you,” blurted Miia. Saya stared at her in silence. “You are like a sister to me. If anyone had to help me in this situation I would want it to be you.”

“I see,” stuttered Saya as she looked away. Seconds later she heard the sound of water slapping water. Saya wanted to look so badly, but she fought the temptation.

“Saya, if you really want to look you can do so.”

“Are you sure?”

“I would only allow you to see it,” answered Miia. As Saya turned her head, she saw the golden stream coming from between Miia’s legs. It was’t very strong and it almost reminded Saya of a running faucet that had not been turned on all the way. Saya found that she couldn’t stare at it for long and so she looked away, her face now equally as red as Miia’s. Miia’s stream only lasted about a minute or so before it petered out. Saya backed away so that Miia could clean herself and then helped her pull her panties back up. Several seconds after that, the deafening sound from the next stall over ceased as well.

“Hey, do you two still have some trash bags and unused rags? I sort of ran into a little situation,” called Akira.

“I’ll be right over,” replied Saya as she grabbed one of the wet rags, a dry rag, and bag, before walking into the next stall over.

###

All three girls exited the bathroom minutes later. Miia was carrying a bag of soiled rags, Saya carried her soiled clothes in another, and in Akira’s bag were her drenched panties. Luckily for her, her skirt hadn’t gotten wet. However, she was going to have to be weary of the fact that she wasn’t wearing panties. As the girls exited the bathroom, they noticed that Kenjiro was standing outside the boy’s bathroom waiting for them. He had an aura of enlightenment surrounding him. “I’m guessing that you feel better now?” asked Akira.

“Much,” said Kenjiro. He turned and looked at the other two. “Don’t worry, I won’t say a thing about this to anyone.”

“Thanks,” replied both Saya and Miia in unison.

Saya then turned to Akira and asked, “What are we supposed to do with these bags of soiled clothes?”

“We can store them in the empty clubroom until after school,” answered Akira. And that was just what they did. They returned to class not long after that. At that time nobody in the group could have guessed that their lives were about to get a lot more interesting.

To Be Continued….
