Countess Counting the Minutes (Eiyuden Chronicle: Hundred Heroes)

Author: Captain L

*000*2024-08-09 23:55

Bordering the arid sands of the Great Sandy Sea, whilst also bordering the ocean, the expanse of Euchrisse was not only hot, it was humid. And the Hishahn Old Town was even muggier, on its way to being considered "swampy". The town had sunk into the water years ago, necessitating the capital be moved further down the coast, leaving the remnants of the old oasis abandoned and half-submerged. It was empty, it was sticky, nobody in their right mind would come here anymore.

Though, with events as they were, it wasn't the worst place one could be. As of late, the forces of the Galdean Empire, led by Dux Aldric, had been making moves of conquest against the League of Nations, with a show so mighty that many were beginning to buckle to his authority before he had even come knocking at their doors. One of whom was, possibly, Harlan, advisor to Euchrissian King Euma Siarith. Who had a manor on the outskirts of the Old Town.

That was why a group of six walked down the road that led to the former city. They were led by Nowa, young temporary head of the Alliance opposing the Empire, though a former humble member of the Eltisweiss Watch. Joining him were the other members of the Watch: wolf beastyn Garr, East Reach swordswoman Mio, and spunky martial artist Lian. There was also Carrie, a boastful magician they had just met in Hishahn that specialized in teleportation, though her proficiency was... suspect.

And then there was the last one, Countess Perrielle Grum, the teenaged head of Grum County of the League of Nations. To say that she was vocally outspoken against the Dux's ambitions would be putting it mildly, but when her hometown of Eltisweiss was raided by the Imperial Army, she was forced to retreat to Euchrisse to request aid from their army, while Nowa raised the Alliance in her stead. So seeing a sympathizer and traitor like Harlan get exposed and wipe that smug smirk off his face, she wouldn't miss that. Hence her forcing herself into the raiding party to search his estate.

However, unlike the rest of her party, Perrielle wasn't much of a fighter, so as the team stepped across the few above-water routes, she kept in the back. All she could do was step carefully, keeping the purple hem of her long yellow dress lifted above her ankles to keep it clean, watching from a safe distance as monsters were felled at the blades, blasts, and blows of her comrades.

But that didn't mean she wasn't contributing. "Come on, do your country proud! Show those beasts what the warriors of the League of Nations can do!" As a countess, a young one who had inherited the position after the previous head, her father, passed away, Perrielle had become adept at using her "intense personality" to force others to take her words seriously. If she demanded something be done, it would be done, because she'd make sure they'd regret it otherwise.

Whether it be due to her encouragement, or the innate skills of the combatants, the battle concluded shortly thereafter. "That doesn't even count as exercise," Garr gloated, over the sounds of several sheathing blades.

"A'yup," Lian energetically nodded, jumping and placing her hands on her hips. "The members of the Watch are the best around! Really, it's thanks to my excellent leadership, wouldn't you agree, kiddo?"

"Yes, boss," Nowa reluctantly conceded. "Those two extra days have done a lot for you."

"I would advise we save the celebrations," Mio warned, keeping perfectly still in a way that only a honed and disciplined swordsman could. "Until we are on more stable ground." As if to accentuate her point, the debris they currently used as their footing swayed with the motion of the tides.

"Yes, that would be wise." With arms outstretched by her sides, Perrielle took a step in the direction of one of the collapsed buildings. Sure, it was mostly submerged, but compared to the floating planks of wood they currently stood upon, it was far safer. And clearly, everybody else agreed, as they all similarly traipsed in the same direction.

Of course, as lightly as they tread, it was still six people walking in an erratic rhythm, their shifting weight caused the platform to sway and water to lap up over its surface. In fact, it seemed to be doing that a lot, to the point that Perrielle's whole feet were being repeatedly swallowed by the cold, murky liquid. Almost as if the water itself were moving...

"Perry, look out!" No sooner had the merest thought even occurred to her that she found herself being tackled to the ground by Nowa, jumping from his perch atop a fallen rooftop directly on top of the countess. It was a suggestive position for a young man and woman to be found in.

Still, Nowa's actions were none too soon, as Perrielle's back had hardly hit the ground before a large sea creature breached the surface and flew above them, drops from its scaly body showering them as it passed above and completed its arc by diving back below. It wasn't big enough to swallow a human whole, but caught unawares, it could easily snatch one away and drag them into the dark depths, with no hope of rescue. Perrielle blushed as she realized, not just how close Nowa was, but how much peril he had thrown himself into for her sake. A hair slower, and he would have been the one falling to that grisly fate.

That gratefulness began to dissipate as a harsh cracking noise rang out from where their feet mingled. There were several identical sounds resonating at once, seemingly tracing a line from one side of the road to the other. "That's not good," Nowa noted, though it was a pretty obvious observation. And he had only just finished saying it before the reason for the series of sounds manifested, as the planks upon which they rested began to move and drift away from the path it was once connected to. The remaining waves from the monster's jump only quickened the process.

Nowa hurriedly scrambled to his feet, drew one of his hook swords, and thrust it out; Garr caught on to the intent and leaned out as far as he realistically could, stretching his paw to catch a claw on Nowa's extended weapon, but it was for naught, as they were too late and the two just barely missed each other. No amount of extra reaching, or standing on one foot to lean more into their extended arms, made a difference.

Still, Lian wasn't giving up, shouting advice. "Quickly, kiddo! Swim back!"

Nowa couldn't even make a move to act on the suggestion before Mio covered Lian's mouth, muffling her voice as she spoke out herself. "No, not with monsters in the water."

Lian jumped up, catching the side of Mio's hand with her chin on the descent, knocking it away and granting her the freedom to make a second attempt. "T-then, use your swords like oars and row back to us!"

This time, it was Garr who silenced her, with a big paw over her entire face. "If one of them got dragged away, or fell, he'd be up... Well, you get it."

Again, Lian broke free, ducking down and weaving beneath Garr's arm to come out in front of it. "Then what are we supposed to do, just let them float away?!"

Watching the whole thing unfold, Carrie finally spoke up. "Very well, if you really are so hopeless, then I shall assist. You should be grateful, having a paragon mage of teleportation at your side. I shall enable you to reach your friends in one perfect jump."

"Stay put, and don't rock the thing," Garr called out. "If you wash up somewhere, get to higher ground! Otherwise, we'll find you!" Even as his growling voice stayed high in volume, he got harder to hear, as the raft sailed further out into the expanse of nothing but murky water.

Perrielle, seeing the writing on the wall already, had gone ahead and made herself comfortable, sitting down on one end with her shins and feet beneath her torso. Only once his friends had vanished into the distance did Nowa do the same, taking the opposite end as his, sitting with one knee raised to his chest while the other leg laid flat against the board, folded back to bring both his feet adjacent to one another.

At least the two could face each other, which made conversing easy. Fortunate, as it was the only thing they could do. "I didn't hurt you when I pushed you down, did I?"

"Don't waste your breath apologizing for a good act," Perrielle responded, in a lecturing fashion. "You know you did what was right, so take pride in that. If I said I were injured, would you have regretted saving me?"

"No, of course not! I just... I'm glad to know you're alright, after everything we've been through."

A moment of silence passed, only broken by the question that had been on Perrielle's mind for some time. "So... 'Perry'?"

Nowa blushed, bringing his pale face closer in hue to his red clothes. "W-well, it's just... It sounds nice, doesn't it? Should I not?"

She mulled it over, and eventually came to a conclusion. "I did request you build an army in my stead, so I suppose rights to a nickname is fair recompense. Just... be careful about using it in front of anybody else. The man I've chosen to lead the Alliance in my stead, having a pet name for me? It would just start a bevy of rumors that there's something more to our relationship, and it would diminish your ability in the eyes of the masses, that you've only gotten your position due to favoritism."

"Right..." It was good to have that cleared up, but it didn't take much to explain. Now they had nothing left to discuss, nothing to do but sit on the shoddy raft and float through the town remains, nothing to hear but the gentle trickling and splashing of water. Water that sounded like a soft running brook, or a drink being poured into a glass, or a...

"Mmph..." Perrielle quietly grunted as she shifted a bit in her seated position, stretching her shin forward to tilt her foot and press that heel against her... "sensitive regions". It wasn't exactly a comfortable act, and it didn't offer her much, but it brought her some measure of relief, and, more importantly, it was subtle, all but unnoticeable. That was paramount. Even with only one person, a trusted ally, there to witness, the young countess of Grum County could not publicly admit that she needed to pee.

In truth, the need hadn't snuck up on her out of nowhere. Actually, it had been on her mind for so long, she knew it would be wise to answer the call while back in Hishahn. But the opportunity to personally put Harlan in his place was presented to her, and... Perrielle was not the kind of lady that could pass up the chance to knock a smug wrongdoer down a peg and rub their noses in their crimes. So she left the proper bathrooms behind and joined the expedition to be in the front row to his disgrace.

Curse my eagerness! If I had just taken a moment before departure, I wouldn't be in this predicament! No, even worse, I hurried them along! If I had displayed even a modicum of patience and restraint, I'd be quite comfortable! It was foolish of me to willingly abandon the latrines, any chance to do what I must...

It wasn't unusual that she thought this way, given that she was a noble. In her world, no toilet, no relief, and visits to other states within the League of Nations for diplomatic appearances could be quite taxing for just this reason. However, though she didn't like reminiscing on the topic, that worldview had been challenged and shattered, quite recently, thanks to a certain mercenary bodyguard.

###

It seemed that the expanses of the Euchrissian desert would never end, and Perrielle's soles were getting sore trudging along. After Eltisweiss had fallen to the Dux's forces, the countess had fled her home to seek aid from King Euma. Unfortunately, she needed to stay low-profile, so modes of transport were limited, and the journey was taken on-foot.

At least a lady like her didn't need to protect herself on the voyage. Accompanying her was the mercenary, Sabine, acting as her escort. Sabine wasn't really a member of the Watch, but she hung around a lot, lending her aid when they were short-handed (which was always). That was how she came to be in the employ of the Grum estate. Perrielle had never regretted hiring Sabine, she was capable, strong, and experienced. Her safety was not one of Perrielle's concerns as they journeyed.

It was another matter entirely that kept little Miss Grum on edge, pained her more than her aching legs. Although, truthfully, she really should have anticipated this turn of events far sooner. No, maybe she was just pushing it out of her mind, pretending it wasn't a concern, until they reached Hishahn. Because it was quite impressive she had lasted this long whilst under this ailment. But there was no denying it any longer. Perrielle needed to pee. Really, really badly.

How could she not? Ever since fleeing her home, they had wasted no time in making for their destination. Of course, she hadn't been holding her bladder since the attack, it had been far too long since then for that to be even in the realm of possibility. No, they had stayed at scattered inns in small towns, and set up camp in secluded areas, but it wasn't as if she had free access to a restroom. Just at their lodgings, and while Sabine was courteous enough to set up a tent for her employer's "usage", she was more often adverse to actually making use of it.

Regardless, even those infrequent oases of her relief had been absent in this desert. Ever since they had departed at dawn, she had no opportunities to empty her bladder, quite a significant handicap as the orange hues of sunset overtook the land. It will be okay, she continued to assure herself, you will have access to only the finest commodes when you arrive in Hishahn. It was that knowledge that salvation was near at hand that kept her strong, despite her pains.

"How are you holding up, kid?" Sabine slowed down and turned back to look at Perrielle.

"I've just about worn through these shoes from all the walking," she grumbled. "I very much liked this pair, as well. Oh, the Dux is going to pay for replacements, mark my words! And they're going to be the most expensive heels sold in the land!"

Sabine chuckled. "Well, let's both hope they hold out until we arrive in Hishahn, 'cause I don't want to spend two hours carrying you."

"Excuse you! I am quite light and would be easy to carry, and I would never resort to needing to be... Two hours?"

"Yeah, I'd say we're about two hours away. It'll be dark before we cross the city gates. That gonna be a problem for you?"

Perrielle had to think on that one. Two hours... All things considered, our long trek is nearing its end, but is it soon enough? If it were one hour... Even that would be close. And soaking myself in full view of the inn's proprietor, asking to use the facilities posthaste, that would be the worst blow to my reputation! A half-hour is the maximum before I would be forced to shame myself, so a full two hours... The conclusion was obvious, but she stopped short of putting it into words.

That task fell to Sabine. "We got time for a short break. You sure as hell need one."

Perrielle was not the sort of woman who rolled over and surrendered so quickly; she had done everything in her power to publicly resist the Dux, stopping just short of outright insulting him to his face, and had sown the seeds of an army to oppose his annexing of the League of Nations. She had simply learned to be resolute and stubborn from a young age, just to get by. But in this case, she knew this was a lost cause, and resisting would only end in tragedy. It wasn't as if she could continue to hide what troubled her, in any case. "Yes, but..."

"You've never taken a leak outside, have ya?"

She really has me completely figured out. "Was that part of your 'research' on me?"

"Nah, just an informed guess. Not too common to find women doing it outside this line of work."

"Y-yes, I've been expected to instead learn to withhold myself from the washcloset when in the presence of company, ever since I was a child. It would be the height of indecency were I to be seen baring everything in the open!"

"Well, lucky for you, there isn't anybody to see you here, other than me. So, you gonna do it?"

"W-will I..." Perrielle sighed, mulling the issue over. She's right, there's no way I can hold out until we enter Hishahn. If she's bringing it up, surely she plans to... I have little choice in the matter, I suppose. "You agree to keep this strictly confidential, between us?"

"I'm not about to betray the trust of the person putting food in my stomach."

"And I take it, by your suggesting this, that you are offering to..."

"If you want me to. And I'd bet you wouldn't know the first thing about it."

Perrielle's gaze fell downwards, looking at the front of her dress. In doing so, she could clearly see her two hands, clasped together, resting above the groin on the yellow fabric, pressing against her private area with a slight bit of pressure. In addition, though it was difficult to notice beneath the ankle-length skirt, her legs were shifting their weight, her ankle twisting in its place and her thighs scissoring together.

All this pointed to one conclusion. A proper restroom is out of the question, and so long as I have any way to avoid it, I cannot allow myself to be disgraced with an accident. So, relieving myself in the wilderness is my only option. Something which I've had no reason to do before. Which means... Come on, don't let pride get in your way now, Perrielle! This is how you've always thought, it doesn't matter if it's "undignified", do what must be done! "Very well, my options are limited. Please, teach me how to relieve myself outdoors."

"Even a 'please'? You don't need to be so formal about it, this is a skill every woman should know. You're gonna be sorry you asked in a second, anyway. Better get to lifting your dress, while you still can."

Right, I guess there's no way around that part. Perrielle gripped the skirt of her dress in the clenched palms of both hands, and began raising until her ankles were fully exposed. And that was the point where she hesitated. Deep breaths, Perrielle. There's no way to do this without exposing yourself, so you will do it. She sharply inhaled and held her breath, closed her eyes, and thrust her arms up to her head to get it out of the way enough. It was a good thing she had only initially grabbed her skirt halfway down her thighs, thereby leaving a healthy amount of dangling material as a curtain, or such a violent lift would result in her showing off way more than just her legs.

Not that what she did bare was any less nerve-wracking. It was always going to be a shock that this mercenary was the first person, outside of a select few number of attendants, to know for certain the type of underpants she wore. If anything, the part that came next would be easier, as no matter what sorts of people the two were, the parts beneath her panties would be the same as Sabine's.

She just needed to get to that part, which was easier said than done. Her dress was so long, hoisting it up and out of the way was really a two-handed job, leaving her no additional appendages to remove the final garment. And it would completely defeat the purpose if she were to simply pee through her panties now. Well, too late to back down now. "Could I ask for your assistance with this?"

"Yeah, there's a reason dresses don't make their way onto the battlefield. I've got you." Sabine took a few large steps closer to Perrielle, and reached her hands down to take the task of holding up the dress from her. At least, that's what Perrielle expected. So she was caught a bit off-guard when Sabine took the other role by getting down on one knee, reaching out, hooking her thumbs around the countess's panties, and thrusting them halfway down her legs in one smooth motion. "There, that should be enough."

"W-w-what do you think you're doing?!"

"Were you planning on pissing through them? Now come on, hurry up and squat down. And don't let your underwear fall to your ankles, you'll spray all over them then."

...this is what you wanted, this is what you needed, she's just helping you. We can talk boundaries later. Right now, I am about to wet myself. "How should I squat?"

"Plant your feet real hard in a stance more than shoulder-width, and bend your knees real far, down until your rear end is brushing against the grass. Lean back, make sure the fountain's pointing forward, and cut loose. Real simple."

She says that, however... She probably doesn't even remember a time before she knew this trick. Of course it's easy for her! Still, it isn't as if I won't go through with it, so... With all the grace and poise she could muster, she raised her dress just a bit more, in a curtsey-like display, finally bundling the mess of sheets into a ball she could hold against her stomach with one forearm. I could have saved myself some embarrassment if I had done this earlier. Not surprisingly, she wobbled and hastily corrected her balance many times, being unable to extend her arms for stability, and needing to keep her legs spread at least a certain distance, so her smallclothes would remain taut and still.

All of this while really, really needing to urinate, a fact that made what should have been a reasonably simple process several times more challenging. It was a delicate tightrope of giving herself enough pliability to pop a squat, whilst simultaneously retaining the control necessary to prevent anything liquid from slipping out. She wasn't a hundred percent successful at that task, but nobody would blame her for that, given the circumstances.

Really, there were only a few scattered dribbles in the soil by the time she felt the tickling of the shifting sand against her butt cheeks, so it wasn't that bad. "Okay, is this... suitable?" Perrielle's voice wavered, practically begging for one particular answer.

Sabine looked her over, with almost too much attention. "Probably should spread your lips for your first time, helps avoid a mess, but that's up to you."

"S-s-spread my..." For a second, Perrielle completely forgot what she was doing, the suggestion was just that startling. It's one thing to undress, but to pull aside the last curtain of privacy I have?! "I'll l-leave it as it is!"

"Your decision. Yeah, your posture's pretty good, so let it fly!"

She wasn't completely convinced this would work, but upon getting permission, Perrielle's bladder was all too happy to comply. "Ah!" It started with a hiss, a little spritz, of a yellow liquid firing from its small hole on her girlhood. Naturally, she was looking down as it happened, to ensure safe passage, and while she couldn't see its origin point beneath the wadded-up skirt, she certainly saw its path after exiting, flying quite some distance. Her squatting posture kept her feet very near to the rest of her body, directly below her hips, so the bodily fluid had no trouble clearing them and coming to a splash half a foot ahead of her toes, the soil glistening with a tiny, newborn puddle.

It didn't stay that small for long. With that final confirmation that all was well, not that it would have mattered if she just peed on her shoes, she exhaled, and simply stopped trying to hold it. The muffled tinkle elevated into a healthy, consistent stream that spattered into the earth, until it was quickly overtaken by the rising sound of splashing water, as even the desert was overpowered by Perrielle's rain. A very localized rain, as while a few showers sprinkled the line below the firing range, a majority came crashing down together in one small radius, distinct from its neighboring ground by its dark color and building bubbles.

All the while, Perrielle watched, uttering nothing but quiet, involuntary grunts and groans. It wasn't the sensation of releasing a bloated bladder that overwhelmed her, she had experienced this exact release many times in the past. It did send a shudder up her spine and a chill through her veins as the tingling of her nether regions resonated throughout her person, but that was common, she really needed to go. It was the knowledge, the acceptance, that she was doing this most private of acts outdoors, in the open, with somebody there to see, that filled her mind with a fog that made it impossible to think rationally. Yet, somehow, she knew that was for the best, as it enabled her to live this moment in blissful ignorance, and remain completely lost in the relief. It was quite refreshing to finally get a chance to pee, she knew from experience.

And apparently, it inspired a bit of envy, as not long after Perrielle's eyes fluttered closed and her head lolled to face towards the sky, a second noise began to ring out from nearby. In one respect, it would have been easy to miss, being such a similar sound to one present already, but it was just distinct enough that it couldn't be concealed. That can't be... She wanted to ignore it, just focus on her own bathroom break, but curiosity got the best of her, and she carefully opened one eye and peeked from the corner of her vision.

It was for the best that she didn't look too carefully, because it was exactly what she suspected, meaning it was the thing she didn't want to see. The sight was that of her protector, Sabine, which was to be expected. The problem was the hand positioned at Sabine's groin, currently being used to pull aside the crotch of the white leotard that made up the primary component of her attire, fully baring her genitals without a hint of the shame Perrielle carried. This was necessary, because if she didn't, she'd just be peeing through the gusset. That would be quite the mess, because she was going a lot, a thick stream gushing straight down between her legs. Some trickled down her inner thighs, but very little, it was mostly an exemplary standing performance from the mercenary.

Though that didn't impress Perrielle. If anything, it incensed her. "Excuse me, what are you doing?!"

"I should think that's pretty obvious. Just because I'm quicker to take a whizz in the woods doesn't mean I wasn't waiting too. You taking such a massive leak got me feeling rough."

"Aren't you supposed to be protecting me?! What if we're ambushed?!"

"Doing this job long enough gives a gal a great sense for danger. Good thing, too, because I promise, I'd never be able to stop this bad boy until the tank's drained. Ahhh..." Sabine's jaw hung agape, and let her dark golden piss continue.

Recognizing that this conversation had been cut short, Perrielle was left with nothing but her own bathroom visit. The problem was, despite accepting that this was the only way, she still didn't want to dwell on her indecency. And, without anything else of interest in the horizon, aside from the hazy silhouette of Hishahn far enough in the distance that she knew she'd never have made it, her attention was naturally drawn towards Sabine alone.

Well, Sabine, and her forceful pee. Oh, wow... That really is quite the volume. She was holding all that without even the slightest hint it was bothering her. Certainly, I would have noticed if she had. I suppose that's a necessary skill for a mercenary such as herself. There's little time for much in terms of "personal care" on the battlefield, which... I'll have to get used to in the near future, it would seem. But I must maintain some level of cleanliness! I don't want to end up as... "unkempt" as she has.

Though Sabine's public display was impressive, Perrielle was no slouch either, she was urinating with power too. However, her bladder wasn't as impressive, so she began running dry far sooner. Small gaps began appearing in her stream, slowly increasing their interruptions, as the spattering urine drew closer to the space between her shoes, and then diminished further until it was nothing more than dribbles directly beneath her rump. Finally, she was finished. "Hah..." The chance to pull her panties up could not have come too soon, as she sprung into a stand, yanked her undergarments snug into place, and dropped her dress.

This was when she quickly realized a critical mistake. "Yah!" She knew there would inevitably be some dampness down below, she had nothing to wipe with, but she was not mentally prepared for what she felt.

"Lemme guess: it missed a bit on the way out?" How Sabine could so casually hold a dialogue whilst bottomless and releasing an ocean of urine, Perrielle never wanted to understand.

"Yes, something along those lines..." My underwear must have slipped during the process and... fell into danger. But I suppose it's still preferable to the alternative of not even trying. Now that her dress had dropped and she was presentable again, she looked herself down to assess the damage. And was surprised to see nothing amiss. As long as I kept my dress clean and free of any bodily fluids, I'll manage. I'll be bathing and washing everything as soon as we arrive anyway, nobody will see until then. She closed her eyes and groaned. It's still wildly uncomfortable, however.

As Perrielle came to grips with her status, Sabine's spigot was likewise drying up, though she didn't slowly diminish. Actually, she seemingly deliberately cut it off, because as soon as she was losing power, she was done peeing. "Phew, that's nice. So, we all set to get back to walking?"

"Yes, I'm ready for a long soak in the tub, and I need it immediately." Though slow and lethargic, Perrielle began trudging towards Hishahn, prompting Sabine to hurry ahead of her to take point. Still, despite the far better comfort both were in, they walked in silence. Sabine was simply not forcing her employer into a conversation if she didn't want to talk, and Perrielle felt way too awkward about what had just transpired to be in much of the mood for it.

However, she did have just one thing nagging her, and eventually, curiosity overpowered her. She had to ask. "You taught me to squat if I were to do this business outdoors. However, you remained standing throughout the entire process. So why did I have to squat?"

Sabine chuckled. "A standing woman is an expert, so don't go reaching way too far above your level. You're free to try it next time, but you're gonna be walking back to the baths in soaked clothes."

Perrielle sighed, disheartened. I'd rather never need to use this lesson, but it will be unavoidable in the future, I'm sure. Men relieve themselves standing, right? Then I'd rather retain just a bit of my feminine charm, when... next this occurs...

###

Figures, when it rains, it pours. As soon as she left the safe, populated walls of Hishahn, she immediately found herself in the throes of another bathroom emergency. And this time, she wasn't with another woman, and their space was confined to a claustrophobic level. She had fled her hometown being sieged in a violent assault, on the run from the forces of the Empire, yet it was a potty need that proved to be inescapable for Perrielle Grum.

"Hey, don't worry, they'll come for us soon. You don't need to fret like that."

"Ah!" She had never truly forgotten Nowa was here; she wouldn't be so concerned about her problems if he wasn't, but she wasn't expecting him to say anything. And what did he say? "Fret like that"? So he noticed I'm in a pinch, and it's only going to get worse from here. No point in acting like I'm hiding it, then. "Don't assume I don't have faith, but... Time isn't on my side, you understand. Needing to pee this badly and such..."

Perrielle's gaze had drifted down to her feet as she made her problem no longer unspoken, but after a moment, she looked up to the opposite end of the raft. And only found Nowa looking back at her, surprised and flustered. "Oh, y-you need to..."

It didn't take long for Perrielle to recognize what that reaction meant. "You didn't recognize that?"

"Well, I noticed you were worried about something, but... I wouldn't have guessed that." Nowa started blushing something fierce.

She clicked her tongue in frustration. Darn it, I could have said nothing. Well, too late for that now. Still, to not notice... "Should I be flattered or insulted that you hadn't taken the opportunity to gaze at my legs," Perrielle asked, with a wry grin. "You would have noticed immediately what I was concerned over from the way they're shaking."

If Nowa had been drinking anything, he would have spit it out in shock right then. "What?! Nonono, I saw that, but I didn't want to assume anything so private! N-not that I was looking at them specifically!"

Perrielle giggled. "Relax, Nowa, it was just a little teasing. Really, I don't mind if you know, it was going to become a lot more obvious soon enough anyway."

"Hey, I'm sure everybody will rescue us before long, don't give up hope." Nowa made a move to stand up and walk towards her, but as soon as he shifted his weight around, the floating platform that was their only salvation from the monsters below began to rock, and he quickly abandoned that plan and sat back down where he started.

"Come on, Nowa, you should know me well enough to know that I never give up." Still, while she absolutely was not the kind of lady to surrender until the bitter end, the rocking of the boat caused a heavy sloshing in her bladder, making her all too aware of how quickly that "bitter end" was approaching. Oh, I am just bursting here... Ruminating on this won't help. I need a distraction. "You're getting so shaken at the mere mention of my bodily functions. I would have figured you'd be used to this talk from your comrades in the Watch." Darn it.

"Uh... W-well, Mio never says anything, no matter how obvious it gets, a lot more than you. Honestly, I'd worry about her if Lian wasn't around to do it instead."

"Yes, I see you as the type to step in for a woman in her time of need, no matter the need. Shame there's little you can do for me at this junction."

"I can't help it, it's in my blood. Still, in that circumstance, even I'd have second thoughts. I doubt she'd accept my help there anyway. Lian, though? She couldn't be more open. Always took charge by loudly declaring her own need and dragging Mio along with her. But when Mio wasn't with us, there was nothing that could stop her. She seemed to think that seniority gave her free reign to do whatever she wanted, down to dropping her pants and going off the side of a cliff, right in front of Garr and me, laughing at our protests as she just kept... Wait, I probably shouldn't be talking about this to you right now."

"N-no, it's no trouble." I wish I could have that girl's cavalier attitude right now. "Bet you enjoyed it, Nowa." What is with me today? Why do I keep making such off-color comments?!

If Nowa found it a strange remark, he didn't let it show. "No, it reminded me a lot of my sister more than anything."

"Your sister? Yes, you've mentioned her before. But how does she factor into this discussion?"

"Leene really enjoys exploring ruins and finding antiques, and she's asked me to come along with her several times. She really doesn't need me to protect her, but as her big brother and only family she has, I have to do what I can for her. And every time, once we were on our way home, she had been away from the toilet for too long and it was getting to her. She had a saying she always uses, 'antiquity calls', that would suddenly have a different meaning to 'antiquity'. Leene's always been incredibly lucky, so she never failed to find a traveling caravan that lent her their bathroom, or a thicket of plants to cover her, but she wasn't even the slightest bit shy before then."

"Mmph..." Perrielle twisted in her seat, pressing her palms further into her lap. "I should also wish to have that kind of fortune."

Nowa jolted with a start. "I'm sorry, I really shouldn't be telling these kinds of stories."

"D-don't apologize, it makes you appear weak-willed. Whatever turmoil befalls me, it is solely my responsibility for asking. Though, with that said, it would be prudent of me to bring an end to this conversation. If any luck is on my side, our sailing will be smooth and quiet, and we'll be rescued before long. I don't like relying on luck, but there's not much else for me to grasp onto."

There was a reason Perrielle placed little stock in uncontrollable factors: she had faith in her own scheming. In situations where she had control, she had the skill and finesse to lead pieces where she wanted. When everything was beyond her, she was much more likely to be caught short, looking the fool. Such was the case when, as soon as she made her wish known, the waters beneath them suddenly turned choppy, and shadows grew from the deeps.

Naturally, not being distracted, Nowa noticed first. "Perry!" He jumped up, not caring how much it swayed their ground, and drew his twin hook swords. He acted quickly, yet only just in time, as those same sea monsters that assaulted them earlier, the ones that caused this whole debacle, leapt from the water, tired of waiting for the meal they had gone to all this trouble for already. Unfortunately for them, Nowa was ready. As the monsters breached the water and leapt for the two, Nowa performed a quick, precise slash on each, vanquishing the beasts before they had a chance to strike, leaving them nothing but bodies before they could even complete their arcing leap, flopping back into the water. This continued for four more monsters, with each one swaying their raft, until the waters were still once more. "That's what you get," Nowa boasted, sheathing his blades.

All throughout the brief encounter, Perrielle had only two things on her mind. It seemed light, given the circumstances, but she had no doubts that Nowa could handle the threat, so the battle playing out before her didn't faze her. Naturally, the first thought she had was the rippling and lapping water swishing around, which acted as an incredible temptation that required immediate distraction to resist. Which led her to her second thought. He defaults to "Perry" in dire moments. Interesting. "We can't rest for a moment, can we? They can strike from any direction."

"And having such a small space doesn't help," Nowa remarked, taking his place back on the other end. "We'll need to watch out for each other, so that they can't sneak up on us."

"Very well," Perrielle sighed, "but do let me know immediately if you take note of a landing spot, or our allies. I do not wish to be trapped on this raft any longer than necessary." She pulled her legs close to her chest and wrapped her arms around her shins, resting her chin against her knees. And all the while squeezing her upper thighs closely together into her crotch. Boy, do I need to pee...

###

A long time passed. How long? Perrielle could only say "too long". Every splash of the water that surrounded her in every direction sent a shock through her being, and those had added up over time to a towering volume. It was a good thing she had already made Nowa aware of her need, because there was no hiding it anymore. What had once been a subtle squirming in her seat, as was expected of someone of her stature, had devolved into a pitiful display of balling in on herself, clutching her crotch tight enough to hurt, and her teeth clenched to near-shattering. And all of that still paled in comparison to the agony her bloated, stretched bladder was putting her through.

The one thing she could claim was her strength; despite the torturous pressure, she had held firm and avoided even the tiniest leak. Sure, much of her private areas were wet due to the flood spilling over, but that was all cold and there had been nary a hint of anything warm. It was an impressive display of endurance, but there was a limit. Despite her name and the expectations it carried, the reputation she herself had built, Perrielle Grum was only human. "Khk!" That was the first shock, the sudden spurt of warmth spread across her girlhood. No, far more than that, it was white hot, boiling as a result of the long confinement within her body. And she was determined to keep it there, wasting no time in slamming her crossed legs together in a vice-like grip, shuddering from the exertion of stemming the tide. Still, to her credit, she succeeded, for the time.

Once she was sure she had overcome the wave of stabbing desperation, she could emerge from the self-contained world of concentration she had retreated into, and carefully opened her eyes, only just relaxing her muscles in some feeble attempt at tranquility. With that, she was able to see Nowa, watching over her with a concerned expression. Every once in a while, he would make a start, jolting towards her, before thinking better of it and falling back. At least, she was pretty sure that's what was happening, she was kind of dizzy and her eyes were clouded by tears of stress.

Eventually, Perrielle got tired of it, rolling her eyes and sighing. "Yes, it's really bad, incredibly so. That's what you wanted to ask, right?"

Nowa reeled back in shock. "Ah! Uh, um... Yes, it was."

"Well, I appreciate that you care, but don't start tiptoeing around hard subjects. A leader has to tackle tough matters without being forced into it, so you can't be a wimp about it. If I find out you've been taking the lofty position I've given you so lightly, you can be sure I'll be rescinding that KYAH!" It didn't take a scholar to guess what so suddenly startled her, and if there were any doubts, her curling inwards whilst tensing her every muscle, sweat-drenched face glowing red, was a pretty obvious clue.

Still, ever the self-described meddler, Nowa stepped in. "Are you alright?"

Perrielle did not respond, for she did not know how to answer. I'm clearly not "alright", but how poorly am I truly faring? It's... Perhaps it's not... Nope! It is that bad! Ah, t-there's more l-leaking out... More! Oh, I'm starting to wet myself! "A-again, we find the enemies pounding at my gates!"

"G-got it!" Nowa was appropriately panicked, outwardly even more so than Perrielle, but he recognized that there was little he could do to resolve the situation. And the one idea he did have was weak, which is why it took him so long to say it. "I-if... You know, if you were to just let go, I promise to never breathe a word of it."

Purposefully have an accident?! W-well, I suppose... Sitting on this raft for so long, one that routinely dipped below the surface, much of Perrielle's rump was already drenched. Truly, were she simply to let go in her clothes in this position, it would not affect her dress in any distinct way, and this whole ordeal would be over. But could she accept that? Me, Countess Grum, soiling herself like a child? In full view and knowledge of another? A man?! No, regardless of if my appearance is unsullied, my reputation and pride would be irrevocably shattered! How is a woman who urinates on herself supposed to oppose the Dux? "No, I would never! And you will not suggest I debase myself like that again!"

"Y-y-yes, ma'am! But then... what will you do?"

It was another prudent question from Nowa. What other choice do I have at this junction? Unless I... No, even if I "could", I have no desire to continue holding it! It will come out, soon! And it will not be in my undergarments! Okay, okay, you're an intelligent woman, Perrielle, so think this through. If I will not, under any circumstance, be wetting my smallclothes, then they have to be removed first. Okay, fine, that's how it has to be.

Were I alone, that would be an easy conclusion. However, Nowa is right there. Well, he's an accommodating man, he would surely comply if I asked he cover his eyes and ears. At that moment, a shadow chose to swim underneath. Right, this is a dangerous predicament we're in, I need him able to keep watch for monsters. I can just face the other direction. No, relieving myself directly into the water might attract them, it has to be on the platform. Then, he can just face the other direction and not listen. But then no one's surveying for any beasts that may reach out for me, because I will be too... lost to act on my own. Yes, those are my primary concerns. So, logically, the one solution would be...

To Perrielle's credit, she saw the reality and knew what had to be done. "You promise not to be weird about this, right?"

"Weird about wha-" Nowa couldn't even finish asking for clarification before Perrielle got to work. Meaning he had the full view of the countess standing up, swaying as her footing tilted, but resolute and not slowing down. He was only starting to realize what she was doing while she lifted her dress up to baring her navel, by proxy displaying her purple-trimmed yellow panties in their full, wet-from-something glory. And then he truly realized the scope of what he was witnessing by the time she took her hands off her skirt and slipped her thumbs under the lace waistband of her underwear. "Ah! S-sorry for looking!" He hurriedly raised an arm over his eyes.

"No, don't look away!"

"B-but you're..."

"Undressing, yes, as I must. And you must continue your duty of defending me on this small island, a task that requires your eyes and a clear line of sight around me. You're the leader of the Resistance Army, are you not? I trust, then, that you will not abuse this opportunity with perverted intentions. Now, do not insult my decision and do your job!"

Knowing Perrielle, Nowa was mostly afraid that this was all some secret test of character. He'd lower his eyes, she'd have already dropped her dress back into place, and she'd launch into a tirade about his unacceptable conduct. Yet, at the same time, he also feared the consequences of not doing exactly as she had ordered. So, against much of his better judgment, he did as he was told, and looked at her again.

He learned very quickly that this was no trick, because Perrielle had gone even farther. By this point, she had gone all the way: bent forward, sticking her butt out behind her, knees partially angled. In her hands, halfway down her thighs, were her lowered panties, leaving the pink girlhood slit between her legs visible to all who might see it. That exclusively meant Nowa, who was in a tough spot with it, a mixture of not wanting to look due to embarrassment and wanting to keep his promise, tugging at him from both directions, making him unable to keep his eyes on her for even seconds at a time. Something Perrielle was getting tired of. "Yes yes, it's the same as any woman's. Now, will you do as you're asked?"

"Y-y-yes!" Nowa went a little hard on overcorrecting the mistake, watching a bit too intently, but he was watching.

"Good, because I... really can't hold it any longer!" Perrielle continued her squatting procedure, dropping so fast her knees nearly gave out and she nearly fell on her bottom. Yet, somehow, she maintained her balance, pointing her private parts forward with her arms around her shins. The balled-up front of her dress rested between her thighs and her stomach, and the limp back dangled in the water like bait on a fishing line, but none of that mattered, because it was time to let it rip.

The first thing she felt was that tingling sensation at the tip of her peehole, but that only lasted a microsecond before it was washed away by the second flood the Hishahn Old Town would experience. A golden gush hissed out with incredible force; without even trying, she sent it flying several feet. It wasn't just her own shoes she had to think about getting dribbled on, she was halfway to peeing on Nowa's shoes.

Coupled with its impressive power, the stream distinguished itself by its thickness. Not so much in its consistency, though it was on the darker, cloudier side for her, but through its width. The rushing liquid seemingly filled every empty space of the canal it rode to freedom, coming out as full as it could, tickling her sensitive nerves far more intensely than any previous trip to the latrine. Not to mention, whether it was due to one final barrier of shame she couldn't break down, or perhaps it just simply didn't occur to her, Perrielle had done nothing to expose this orifice, leaving her lips mostly sealed, resulting in a compressed, more vertical fan-like spray.

All that produced a most unusual set of sounds as she answered nature's pounding call. It wasn't the hollow noise of urinating into the deep water, nor was it the hard splattering of hosing a hard surface like wood. It was a strange mix of the two, but one thing could not be denied: it was loud. She could hold it, and she could release it. And in the vast, empty expanse, it bounced and echoed off every surface, including the water itself. There was no escaping the reminder of her deed, assaulting her from every direction.

To a normal person, that would be positively mortifying, but that assumption relied on two things: that Perrielle was not unbelievably obstinate, and that Perrielle was not bursting at the seams before now. The relief, undiluted and pure, simultaneously sent all her senses into overdrive, whilst simultaneously dulling them all. As soon as the dam burst, she went into a fog, able to feel but not think, at least not critically. But when it felt this good, it wasn't a big deal. "Haaaahhhh... Ohhh... Ohhhhhhh..." It was a very sensual moan for such a proper lady, that was the level of ecstasy she was feeling.

However, the haze had to lift eventually, and it did. While she was still peeing, not even close to being finished. Wow, this is... a lot... Even in her loose dress, she could feel the bulge on her belly flattening, returning her stomach to its natural trim appearance. She worked hard to stay so thin, and good thing, too, because her bladder would have been doomed long ago with a corset on. Yet, even so, there was still the lump on her abdomen telling her she still had more urine in her, flooding out by the second, than nearly any time she could remember. This will take some time.

It gave her a chance to reassess her standing, since it wasn't like there was a whole lot else to do. No attacks, I can be grateful for that. Nowa as well, he seems to be behaving himself. She thought that, but it was just a matter of faith, she had been far too distracted to truly confirm as such. No time like the present, she thought, and proceeded to glance in his direction. And, honestly, she didn't know what she wanted to see. Did she want him flagrantly disobeying her demand, or would she rather he be following her instruction to the letter, staring intently?

What she found was an odd middle ground. He was facing her, his eyes did pass against her genitalia, but didn't linger. Instead, he scanned from side to side, not focusing on any one spot for any long period. In fact, he hadn't even noticed that Perrielle had begun to look up, and was now taking note. Well, that's... presumably the best I could have hoped for, but... he could show a little more interest in me!

Well, she got what she wanted, because he chose that moment to pass his gaze across the countess's exposed femininity. And, finally, he registered the mutual attention. "Ah! U-uh..." In an instant, Nowa turned far away, refusing to so much as glance back in her direction.

Again, Perrielle grunted in frustration. He's too polite, too soft. Sure, he's strong, but he's not beating me in an argument. He thinks he's helping me by not listening! "I'm only doing what had to be done, Nowa. Or did you assume I didn't think this through?"

"O-of course not! But, considering the circumstances, you could have..." Nowa continued staring off into the distance, away from the woman he was supposed to be guarding.

"I'm telling you, this was the only way! Just accept it already! You think I'm embarrassed by this?!" Darn it, now I have to commit to that! Again, Perrielle spoke without thinking. Truthfully, she was embarrassed, very much so, but now her pride wouldn't let her back down from her statement. He needs to know his place! "This is a one-time thing, you understand! Don't think you're going to get this kind of chance again! I expect you to do your job, but you may as well enjoy the sight while you can..."

Was that a foolish thing to offer? Certainly. But this time, Perrielle didn't chide herself for speaking out of turn. I am quite the beautiful lady, any young man would be blessed to have such an unmatched view of me. Being so generous as well, a gift of this magnitude is not impossible. And there are worse men for me to grant that to. She could only be so articulate in her mind, because on the outside, she could only release moans and sighs. And with each involuntary utterance, dripping with a naughty bliss, she could watch Nowa flinch from nervousness. That reaction couldn't help but make her smile. He really is just like him. At least he was back to looking around and watching out for the peeing Perrielle.

It wasn't an extended job, for finally, Perrielle's poor bladder was at long last drained of its boiling contents. One final squeeze in her abdomen, one final spurt of urine, and soon all she could muster was a series of dribbles from her privates. She was content to just sit there, squat there, and let the river run dry in due course, regardless of how exposed it left her.

Eventually, however, she truly had nary a drop left in her system, and whatever stuck to her bottom folds was soon expelled by a quick thrust of her hips. Whatever she had said before, her true feelings were betrayed by how quickly she hurried to yank her panties back up, appear as if the last minute of straight pissing didn't happen. Nothing could hide the yellow cloud hanging in the water, large enough to spread the width of the raft, a testament to the volume she had been suffering with. At least, until it began dissipating into the greater pool of dirty water, leaving behind no trace that it ever existed.

Which was more than could be said for her dress, and the underwear beneath it. She had winced as the fabric hugged her butt, sticking tight to everything down below thanks to how thoroughly soaked the underwear had become. And it was all cold, which only added to the grossness. But if it's this cold, surely none of it is of my own making, right? Yeah, she could believe that, and it immediately made the sensation far more comfortable and bearable. Not enough to be willing to sit back down in her mess, no matter how thinned, so she kept standing up. It created an awkward dynamic, with her looking down on Nowa, when she really did not have the right to be doing something like that now.

Not that Nowa saw it that way. "Glad that's over. Not as much as you, I'm sure, but..."

"That hardly seems fair. We both had something to enjoy during the process, but you were in the far more appealing position, I'd say."

Nowa stumbled back, nearly falling backwards off the boat. "I-I-I didn't look hard, I swear."

"Yes, I trust you, Nowa. It's really no problem. In fact, since you didn't take the opportunity already, is there anything you'd like to take the time to ask of me?" Pinching her dress, Perrielle raised the hem, enough to bare her ankles. It was nothing compared to what she had just shown off, but it was meant to be alluring regardless.

Somehow, it still had an effect on Nowa, because he got really nervous. "N-n-n-no, I wouldn't!"

There was a brief stare between the two, before a somewhat frustrated Perrielle dropped her skirt without any flair or grace. "Good, because you won't get this chance again. And don't even think for a moment that you will, because you didn't even get it today! As far as either of us will be concerned, nothing of note occurred as we floated along, do you understand?"

"It's nothing to be ashamed of, Perry," Nowa consoled, clearly tapping into his big brother experience. "Nobody is going to judge you harshly for it. I'd bet Lian would have done the same thing, even earlier than you did!"

Perrielle was not having that. "Okay, then if you insist on sullying my image, then I'll just spread the word that you really enjoyed me at my most vulnerable. Would you like to take the chance when your reputation is at stake? A story is a powerful thing, regardless of its veracity." Countess Grum was infamous for her shrewd tactics, cutting far deeper than most would be willing to tread.

Nowa was no exception. "U-understood, ma'am!" With a heavy gulp, he shut his mouth and settled for sitting in silence.

Perrielle soon joined him, making peace with the idea of planting her rear end down in the diluted remnants of her release. However, while Nowa obviously didn't want to make too much eye contact with her, she was content to stare at him. But perhaps, in the future, you could convince me to bare myself to you once more.

###

About fifteen minutes passed before their raft washed up on a pile of refuse, which really conflicted Perrielle. It wouldn't have been a long wait to get here, where she'd have been able to urinate in private, but... No, I couldn't possibly have held it so long. I did as best as I could.

What ended up being the more tedious wait came now. Being out of the water meant there was no longer any danger, not even the swaying of their platform, so they had nothing to keep them on their guard. That left the only thing to entertain them being each other. Problem was, Perrielle was the type to not waste time and get straight to the point. So she was woefully bad at small talk.

It was an agonizing silence, a more draining wait than her desperate struggle, and gave her far more time to bask in the discomfort of her wet clothes. In a long dress such as this, I could get away with removing my undergarments. It would be indecent, but I doubt anyone would notice, and it would be far more comfortable. Just as long as nobody stumbles across the discarded item. With Nowa occupied looking out into the distance, Perrielle reached down to lift her dress in anticipation of the stripping.

The timing was either the most fortunate or the most unfortunate, as a bright light suddenly materialized in the center of the landmass, marking the arrival of the rest of the party, at long last. Fortunate, because their rescue had finally come, and before Perrielle could debase herself by removing a sensitive article of clothing. Unfortunate, because she really would have preferred not being subjected to the damp stickiness.

Despite appearing in the center of the group, as soon as the troop fully transported, Lian jumped out and rushed to hug Nowa. "Kiddo, you're safe! Oh, I was so worried!"

Garr crossed his big, furry arms over his chest. "We would have been here sooner, if this girl didn't drag us through every corner of the world first," he growled, thrusting his glare in the direction of the teleportation mage, Carrie.

And she wasn't going to stand for that slander. "You're wrong, we came straight for them. We just jumped forward in time. I don't make mistakes, you know."

Perrielle began staring at Carrie, in disbelief. Do you have any idea the humiliation I suffered because of your tardiness, and you refuse to take responsibility?! However, that frustration turned to surprise as she got a better look at the mage. The glow of the setting sun hit her at just the right angle, presenting her with an unusual image: Carrie's red skirt and white-green striped stockings, all marked by a glistening dark patch on the skirt, snaking down the insides of her legs. Maybe it was just the dusk light, but against the white rows of the socks, the coloration even appeared golden. Could it be?

Carrie clearly noticed where Perrielle's attention rested, because she preemptively deflected. "No, I didn't wet myself. A perfect mage such as myself would never fail to make it to the bathroom. You're just seeing things."

