The Princess Made Me Pee Myself!

Author: Caraxes

*000*2023-10-21 21:37

In the heart of the kingdom of Argent, the capital's skyline was dominated by the imposing Castle Moraine, a symbol of power and authority. Within its stone walls, the royal court buzzed with preparations for the dual birthday celebrations of Princess Jasmine Fontaine and her confidante, Magdalene of House Ellesmere. As the evening shadows stretched, an air of excitement hung in the air.

For weeks before their joint birthday, Princess Jasmine had been restless. Every time she looked out of the vast castle windows, her eyes drifted to the vibrant city below, alive with the everyday lives of its citizens. The castle had always been her gilded cage, and with her age of majority approaching, the burden of royal duties and expectations grew heavier.

The upcoming grand royal birthday celebration was the epitome of Jasmine's dilemma. Hundreds would attend, nobles from distant lands would come bearing gifts, and there would be hours of speeches, dances, and formalities. But what bothered Jasmine the most was the fact that it would not be about her or Magdalene. It would be a political event, a showcase of the kingdom's opulence and power.

Jasmine yearned for something more genuine. She wanted laughter that wasn't orchestrated, conversations that weren't rehearsed, and a celebration that was truly about her and her dear friend. She wished for just one day of normalcy, where she wasn't Princess Jasmine Fontaine but simply Jasmine.

And so, the idea to sneak out took root.

The princess had the resources of the entire castle at her fingertips, but she needed to be discreet. She had begun observing the maids, studying their mannerisms, their attire. One evening, after a lavish dinner, Jasmine had snuck into the servants' quarters. She had felt a rush of adrenaline as she pilfered two simple dresses, a pair of worn shoes, and a couple of shawls. She hid them away in her chambers, waiting for their birthday night.

Magdalene had always been her anchor, the voice of reason to her impulses. But for this adventure, Jasmine managed to persuade her, playing on their shared desire to celebrate turning of age as themselves, not just as noble figures.

Jasmine's quest for normalcy wasn't just about evading a grand party. It was a deep-seated desire to understand the lives of those she would one day rule, to experience the joys and sorrows of a commoner, and to escape, even if just for a night, the weight of her crown. She wanted to be seen for who she was, not what her title represented. The true gift she sought for her birthday was the freedom to be herself, unburdened and unrestrained.

Finally, the night came and the two young ladies found themselves face to face in their underclothes as their servants rushed about making final preparations.

Magdalene of House Ellesmere was a vision of classical beauty. Her face, like a canvas of an impressionist painting, bore a smattering of freckles, the result of many days spent under the sun during her childhood in the Ellesmere estates. These little sun-kisses danced across the bridge of her nose, fanned out over her high cheekbones, and faded as they descended down her neck. They were a testament to her outdoor escapades and gave her an endearing, youthful appearance.

Magdalene's voluptuous figure was impossible to overlook. She was generously endowed with a large bosom that made the bodice of her dresses stretch snugly. This, coupled with her wide hips and a sizable, rounded butt, gave her an hourglass silhouette that was admired by many. Her regal poise and grace were all the more impressive given her curvaceous physique. In their private moments, Jasmine, with her cheeky nature, would often playfully pinch Magdalene's butt, teasing her about her "royal assets".

Princess Jasmine, in stark contrast, bore an ethereal beauty. Her frame was slender, almost willowy. The delicate lines of her body were graceful, with a lithe, athletic build that hinted at her love for activities like dancing and horse riding. Though she didn't share the fullness of Magdalene's chest, Jasmine's breasts were perky, complementing her petite physique.

But the real magnetic pull of Princess Jasmine was her face. It was heart-shaped, with a pointed chin and high cheekbones. Her lips, always upturned in a radiant, infectious smile, were the shade of soft rose petals. They spoke of her zest for life and her mischievous nature. Her eyes, however, were her most captivating feature. Alight with a perpetual twinkle, they were deep pools of amber, reflecting her spirit, her dreams, and her occasional bouts of rebellion. They were windows to her soul, mirroring her desire for freedom and her yearning to be understood not as a royal but as a young woman on the cusp of adulthood.

Together, the two women were a harmonious blend of vivacity and elegance, each enhancing the beauty of the other through their stark differences.

As maids prepared their grand dresses and courtiers practiced their bows and curtsies, Princess Jasmine, with her dark rebellious eyes, whispered a plan to Magdalene. It was a plan of escape – to sneak out and experience the real world beyond the castle's confines.

Magdalene, with her always pristine golden locks, looked around anxiously. "Are you sure about this, Jasmine? What if we get caught?"

"We won't," Jasmine winked, pulling out two commoner dresses. "We'll be peasants for a night!"

In the dimly lit chamber, the two young women unfolded the plain dresses that Jasmine had procured. Each dress was simple, with none of the fine embroidery or luxurious materials that they were accustomed to. These were garments of practicality, designed for durability rather than beauty.

Magdalene hesitated as she held the dress against her body, the rough texture of the fabric contrasting starkly with the softness of her underclothes. She grimaced slightly, feeling the coarse material, so different from the silks and velvets of her usual attire. "It feels like burlap," she murmured, a blush rising to her freckled cheeks. "How do people wear these every day?"

Jasmine, ever the adventurous one, chuckled. "It's just for one night, Maggie. Think of it as... embracing the full experience."

Pulling the dress over her head, Magdalene winced as the fabric grazed her skin. Adjusting the fit, she found the dress surprisingly roomy, accommodating her full bust and wide hips. It had a simple scoop neckline and reached just below her knees, allowing her a freedom of movement she wasn't used to in her more constricting noble gowns. The color, a faded brown, made her freckles stand out even more prominently, and her golden locks cascaded over her shoulders, contrasting with the dress's dull hue.

Jasmine slipped into her own dress with a swiftness that spoke of her excitement. On her slender frame, the dress hung a bit loose, but its simplicity highlighted her lithe body. The muted blue of the fabric made her amber eyes pop, and the shorter length of her dress revealed her toned calves, shaped from hours of dancing in the royal hall.

Looking at each other, they both burst into giggles. Gone were the princess and the noblewoman, replaced by two commoner girls ready for an evening of fun and mischief. The transformation was complete, and the city awaited their escapades.

Magdalene's nervousness wasn't just about getting caught. Her bladder was already dancing from anxiety. Jasmine, on the other hand, didn't have a care in the world. Together, they navigated the winding castle corridors, evading guards and servants, making their way to a secret passage Jasmine had discovered years ago.

This ancient corridor, dimly lit by the occasional torch, was a relic from a bygone era. The walls were lined with stones, each painstakingly cut and set to fit together like an intricate puzzle, speaking to the craftsmanship of the artisans of old. The vaulted ceilings bore faded frescoes, most of them wearied by time, depicting scenes of courtly love and heroic feats.

The ambiance of the passageway was one of secrets and whispered tales. As they proceeded, Jasmine, her voice echoing slightly in the confined space, began recounting a story. "This passageway," she started, her voice filled with mischief, "was built for one of my ancestors, Queen Elara. It was said she had a lover, a commoner, and in those days, such liaisons were forbidden. So, this secret tunnel was constructed, allowing her lover to sneak into the castle unseen."

Magdalene tried to listen, but her own growing desperation was proving to be a distraction. Every step seemed to intensify the pressure on her bladder. She would furtively squeeze her crotch with her hand, hoping Jasmine wouldn't notice. The coolness of the stone under her fingers and the increasing urgency made her fidget with each step, her face flushed not just from the story but also from her predicament.

Suddenly, Jasmine halted and grimaced. "Oh no... All this talk, and now I need to pee!"

Magdalene's eyes widened in disbelief. She herself was barely holding on, and hearing Jasmine voice the same urgency amplified her own discomfort.

Without much ado, Jasmine glanced around, ensuring they were alone. She hiked up her dress, revealing her pale thighs, and positioned herself against the stone wall of the tunnel. The sound that followed was unmistakable: a steady stream hitting the ground, echoing slightly in the quiet of the passage.

Magdalene couldn't help but glance, catching a brief view of Jasmine's nethers. The sight, combined with the sound of flowing water, made her own desperation spike. She bit her lower lip, trying to focus on anything but the pooling warmth at Jasmine's feet.

As Jasmine finished up, adjusting her dress, she chuckled. "Ah, much better! Come on, Maggie, we're almost there!"

Magdalene nodded, her eyes darting around, wondering if she could muster the courage to relieve herself in the passageway as well. But her inherent shyness and the looming promise of the city beyond kept her moving forward, despite the increasing discomfort.

Emerging into the dimming light of the city, the pair found themselves amidst the maze-like streets, surrounded by laughter, music, and the aroma of roasted meats. Following their ears, they ended up at The Crooked Barrel, a lively tavern renowned for its brews.

The interior was lit by the warm glow of lanterns, revealing an assortment of patrons. Thick wooden beams overhead seemed to absorb the laughter and stories of many generations. The princess, eyeing the drinks, slapped a royal coin onto the counter. "Two of your best brews!" she demanded with glee.

The barkeep, a burly man with a thick beard, raised an eyebrow at the gold coin but said nothing. He served them two overflowing mugs of frothy beer. As they drank, the pair began to mingle with the other patrons. Jasmine flirtatiously chatted with a young knight who had no inkling of her true identity, while Magdalene, albeit hesitantly, was charmed by a witty townsman.

As the night progressed and they downed more beers, Magdalene's anxiety about getting caught was soon replaced by the increasing urgency of her bladder. The constant chug of ale and the bubbling conversations around her only accentuated the feeling.

At The Crooked Barrel, the array of brews available was impressive. Jasmine, always one to dive headfirst into an experience, eagerly pointed to a menu nailed to a wooden pillar. The list boasted brews from different parts of the kingdom, each with its unique flavor profile and potency.

The first they tried was Golden Marrow, a light ale with a golden hue that shimmered in their mugs. It had a refreshing, slightly citrusy taste, reminding Magdalene of summer evenings at the Ellesmere estate.

Next was Stout Heart, a dark, thick brew that left a trace of coffee and caramel on the tongue. Jasmine loved its boldness, praising its rich flavor, while Magdalene took smaller sips, already feeling the weight in her bladder.

Whispering Wheat followed, a white beer that was frothy and had a touch of coriander and orange zest. By this point, Magdalene's hesitance to drink was evident. Every gulp reminded her of her bursting bladder, and she began to fidget in her seat.

The tavern's atmosphere wasn't helping either. The sound of liquid being poured into mugs, the distant sound of a bubbling brook that ran behind the establishment, and the frequent toasts and clinks of glasses constantly drew her attention back to her predicament.

Jasmine, with a teasing glint in her eyes, insisted on one last drink, the Blushing Berry. A mead infused with raspberries and blackberries, it was sweet with a hint of tartness. Magdalene, despite her better judgment, couldn't resist its allure and took a few sips. Every drop seemed to magnify the pressure inside her.

Throughout their tasting spree, other factors exacerbated Magdalene's discomfort. The chilly breeze that occasionally wafted through the tavern sent shivers through her, making her acutely aware of her fullness. Laughter echoed, with some of the deep belly laughs vibrating in a frequency that seemed to resonate with her urge. Even the wooden stool she sat on seemed to push against her in just the wrong way.

As Jasmine relished each drink, Magdalene was caught in a battle against time, trying to balance her desire to enjoy the night and the ever-increasing urge to find a place to relieve herself.

"I need to... powder my nose," Magdalene whispered to Jasmine.

Jasmine gestured to a door at the back of the tavern. "There's the privy."

Magdalene's face contorted in distaste. "You expect me to use that?"

Jasmine giggled. "It's all part of the experience."

@@Magdalene of House Ellesmere had grown up in an environment where luxury, cleanliness, and propriety were of paramount importance. The idea of using a commoner's privy, with its potential lack of sanitation and the unknown state it might be in, filled her with unease. She had heard tales of such places being little more than pits, emitting odors that could turn the stomach and housing pests and vermin. The very thought of exposing herself in such an environment, with its rough hewn wood and lack of any of the perfumed scents she was accustomed to, made her cringe inwardly. Moreover, she had an inherent sense of modesty that rebelled against the idea of relieving herself in a public space, where the walls might be thin and any sound could betray her to strangers outside. In her heart, it wasn't just about the physical discomfort but the vulnerability and loss of dignity she associated with using such a rudimentary facility. The clash between her upbringing and the stark reality of commoner life in this respect was a challenge she found difficult to surmount.

As the night wore on and the brews took effect, Jasmine's natural vivacity was magnified tenfold by her inebriation. She became the life of the party, engaging in boisterous games of darts, attempting to sing along with the tavern's bard (though often getting the lyrics humorously wrong), and even challenging some of the brawny patrons to arm wrestling – much to everyone's delight.

Every so often, she'd throw her head back in uproarious laughter, her slender frame shaking with mirth, completely engrossed in the world of merriment she had become a part of. Jasmine danced on the tables, her makeshift peasant dress twirling around her, as the patrons clapped and cheered her on. She shared tales – some real, some exaggerated – of her 'life' as a peasant, drawing roars of laughter and encouraging others to share their own stories.

Magdalene, on the other hand, was growing increasingly anxious. Each of Jasmine's antics drew more attention, making it harder for Magdalene to pull her friend away discreetly. She tried tugging at Jasmine's sleeve, whispering urgently in her ear, and even attempting to pull her off the table, but Jasmine, lost in her drunken revelry, brushed her off each time, laughing and urging Magdalene to join in the fun.

All the while, the pressure in Magdalene's bladder grew unbearable. The constant movement of the crowd, the laughter, and the rhythmic beat of the music seemed to jostle and push against her insides. She clenched her thighs together, discreetly pressing a hand against her crotch every time Jasmine wasn't looking, praying for some relief. The fear of wetting her smallclothes in the middle of the boisterous crowd, with its potential for humiliation and scandal, haunted her every moment. The damp coolness of her palm against the fabric of her dress was the only barrier holding back the dam, and with each passing moment, Magdalene felt her control slipping away.

Magdalene's battle against her body was slowly becoming a losing one. As the minutes ticked by, and Jasmine became more absorbed in her drunken festivities, Magdalene's condition worsened. Despite her best efforts to control it, she felt a few traitorous drops escape, making her smallclothes damp. Each time it happened, she'd press her hand harder against herself, feeling the wetness through the fabric and the warmth of her own desperation.

In a bid to distract herself, she tried to merge with the crowd, dancing to the rhythm of the music. Every twist and turn, however, only accentuated her voluptuous figure, drawing eyes to her generous hips and bosom. With each movement, her body seemed to rebel further, making her leak more. The dance became a writhing motion of need, with Magdalene jamming her hand deep between her legs, trying to stave off the impending disaster.

Hoping to catch Jasmine's attention, she sent desperate glances her way, trying to signal the urgency of their departure. But Jasmine was in a world of her own. In her drunken state, she became bolder and more flirtatious. Giggling and swaying, she teasingly pulled at the neckline of her dress, lowering it just enough to bare her chest to the entranced crowd. Her small, perky breasts were now on display, the nipples pert and rosy from the cool air of the tavern and the flush of alcohol.

The reaction was instantaneous. Whistles, cheers, and shouts filled the air. The commoners, men and women alike, clapped and sang louder, egging on the 'peasant girl' who was so unabashedly flaunting her assets.

Amidst the chaotic revelry, Magdalene felt more isolated than ever, her own body betraying her and her friend lost to the intoxication of the moment. The weight of her situation pressed down on her, even as the pressure within threatened to break free.

As minutes turned to hours, Magdalene's face grew redder and redder. The princess was too engrossed in her merry escapades to notice her friend's discomfort. The sensation of a bursting bladder mixed with the beer's warmth became too much.

Magdalene's situation was dire. Every laugh, every clap, and every beat of the music only accentuated her body's demand for relief. The repeated warm trickles into her smallclothes were cruel reminders that she was on the brink of a full-blown accident. A humiliating realization dawned on her – she would surely wet herself if she waited any longer.

Pushing past her ingrained distaste and fears, she made a split-second decision. She needed to use the commoner's privy. With hands wedged between her thighs, she navigated through the crowd, every step a dance of desperation, praying she'd make it in time.

Reaching the back of the tavern where the privy was located, her heart sank. There was a line. In front of her stood a buxom townswoman, her curvaceous figure outlined by the simple fabric of her dress. The woman, hearing Magdalene's anxious shuffle, turned and took in the noblewoman's panicked appearance, her hands pressing deeply into her crotch.

"You look like you're about to piss your britches, dearie," the townswoman remarked with a mixture of sympathy and amusement.

Magdalene's face turned a deep shade of crimson. To have her dire predicament pointed out so crudely, especially by a commoner, was a blow to her pride. She felt the weight of her noble upbringing clash violently with her current situation. Here she was, a lady of House Ellesmere, on the verge of disgracing herself in the most undignified manner.

The realization was sharp and bitter. She had ventured out to experience a night of freedom, but now, she was bound by her own body's demands and the judgmental eyes of those around her. Her noble stature, which she had always held in such high regard, seemed fragile in the face of such a basic human need.

The pressure had reached its peak, and Magdalene's desperate attempts to contain it faltered. An initial hot trickle began to seep through her smallclothes, the sensation both shocking and, in a way, momentarily relieving. But that brief moment was just the precursor to a torrent she couldn't halt. The warmth rapidly spread, enveloping her inner thighs and cascading down both legs. The feeling was overwhelming, a mixture of relief, shame, and panic.

As the liquid flowed, her dress, which had been a protective barrier between her and the world, now betrayed her entirely. It clung to her skin, dark patches forming and growing, highlighting the extent of her accident. The fabric, already coarse and rough, felt even more uncomfortable as it grew heavy and sodden against her skin.

The tavern, with its raucous laughter and clinking glasses, seemed to fall into a brief lull. A few of the closer patrons noticed first. Eyes widened, fingers pointed, and a mixture of chuckles and gasps filled the air. Some found humor in the spectacle, their laughter echoing cruelly in Magdalene's ears. Others, perhaps recalling their own moments of vulnerability or empathizing with the lady's plight, turned their gazes away, their faces flushed with secondhand embarrassment.

Magdalene, in that agonizingly long moment, felt as though she were outside of herself, watching a scene from someone else's life. The warmth that had felt so relieving just moments ago now felt like chains, binding her to the spot and to her overwhelming shame.

Jasmine, in her intoxicated haze, was momentarily oblivious to the commotion around her. But as the murmur of the crowd shifted, her amber eyes followed the pointing fingers and landed on her dear friend Magdalene. It took a second for realization to dawn, her eyes widening as she took in the sight of Magdalene, dress darkened, standing in a small puddle.

A hiccup escaped Jasmine, followed by an uncontrollable fit of giggles. The alcohol in her system made her initial reaction one of amusement rather than immediate sympathy. However, as her laughter subsided and the tears in Magdalene's eyes became apparent, Jasmine's demeanor changed rapidly.

Stumbling slightly, Jasmine made her way over to Magdalene. The usually confident and rebellious princess was now a tipsy young woman trying to console her best friend. Slurring her words a little, she tried to comfort Magdalene. "Oh, Maggie... it's... it's okay. We've had too much fun, haven't we?" she said, attempting to make light of the situation.

Wrapping an arm around Magdalene's shoulders, Jasmine pulled her close. Magdalene buried her face in Jasmine's shoulder, her tears wetting the fabric. Jasmine patted her friend's back, her own eyes misting over with a combination of sympathy and the effects of alcohol.

The two women, one offering solace and the other seeking it, became the center of attention for a brief moment before the tavern's usual revelry resumed.

With one arm wrapped protectively around the staggering Jasmine, Magdalene made her way out of the tavern. Her exit was swift, her head held high despite the unmistakable dark stain on her dress and the squelching of her wet shoes with every step. The cool night air hit her immediately, providing a momentary relief from the heat of her embarrassment.

The streets of the town, dimly lit by lanterns, were still bustling with nighttime activity. Market vendors were closing shop, children played, and groups of revelers sang songs of merriment. As Magdalene and Jasmine made their way through the maze of cobblestone streets, the princess, fueled by her intoxicated state, began to ramble and tease.

"Oh, Maggie," she slurred, her voice lilting in jest, "I told you to use the privy! Though I must say, your little accident made our disguise even more authentic!" She let out a chuckle, though there was no malice in her words, just the playful teasing of a friend.

Magdalene, despite her predicament, couldn't help but smirk at Jasmine's antics. "You're drunk, Jas," she replied, tightening her grip as Jasmine nearly tripped over a loose stone.

As they approached the entrance to the secret passage, Jasmine's chatter turned more introspective. "You know, Mag, tonight was wild. I never imagined our little adventure would turn out this way. But I'm glad we did it. And I'm so grateful for you. Through highs, lows, brews, and... well, accidents," she giggled again, "you're my rock."

Magdalene smiled, feeling the warmth of Jasmine's words. "And you, Jas, are the wild wind that pushes me out of my comfort zone. We balance each other out."

Navigating the dark, stone-clad passageway was a challenge. Jasmine's weight leaned heavily on Magdalene, their steps echoing in the silent corridor. The dampness of Magdalene's dress was a persistent discomfort, but it was overshadowed by the bond she felt with Jasmine in that moment. The night had been a testament to their enduring friendship.

Emerging into the castle grounds, the two women shared a tired but contented look. They had ventured out, faced challenges, and returned with a stronger bond than ever. Despite the ups and downs, they were deeply grateful for each other's companionship and the memories they had created.

