Hermione's Forbidden Forest Embarrassment

Author: chalky99

*000*2016-06-06 20:44

My first ever story. Enjoy.

Hermione finished her third cup of coffee before tucking into her bacon sandwich. She knew she was going to need the caffeine to get her through the day’s lessons, after her sleepless night. She had twice been woken up by a commotion in the Hogwarts’ grounds and a third time by her incredibly full bladder. The clock had said 05:34 when, despite crossing her legs under the covers, she could wait no longer. She hurried to the toilets, hoping to find them empty, she hated peeing when other people were around. To her relief there was no one in there so she dashed into the first cubicle pulled down her pyjama shorts and started peeing almost immediately.

Back in the great hall the bacon had made her thirsty so she drained a large glass of orange juice. She was slightly concerned about the amount of liquid she was taking in, but knew she had double charms this morning. Professor Flitwick would let her nip out to the loo if she needed it. Just as she was wondering if Harry and Ron were going to be late as usual she heard her name.

“Hermione” bellowed Ron, with a half-eaten bacon sandwich in his hand. “Charms has been swapped with Care of Magical creatures, we said we’d go and help Hagrid set up”

“What? Why?” said Hermione confused.

“Hagrids got to help Dumbledore with something this afternoon, so they have swapped the lessons” said Harry.

Oh no, thought Hermione as she followed Harry and Ron, she’d have to wait until lunch time to use the toilet. She’d also have to change, she couldn’t do Care of Magical creatures in her robes, this would also give her a chance to nip to the loo.

“Okay, I’ll just nip and cha-“. “No need” interrupted Ron, as if reading her mind “were having our clothes sent to Hagrid’s, we can all change there”. Hermione, offering no argument, followed the other two. She would never be able to use Hagrid’s toilet, with just a thin curtain separating it from the sitting room, there wasn’t enough privacy.

Half an hour later the lesson was ready to begin and Harry, Ron and Hermione were all changed. The clothes bought for Hermione from her dormitory were light blue jeans and a figure hugging red T-shirt. She had changed into them in Hagrid’s toilet. Standing there in her red bra and pants she could already started to feel her bladder filling. She had pulled her pants down to her knees and hovered over the toilet, but couldn’t go with Harry and Ron standing almost directly outside. Now they had moved away from Hagrid’s hut and skirted round the forbidden forest, Hermione was starting to get desperate to go. She was secretly pushing her thighs together as Hagrid introduced the lesson.

“Right we’re gonna head into the forest a bit to see some Hippogriffs” boomed Hagrid. Malfoy sneered and muttered something about telling his father, normally Hermione would have argued with him, but she had other things to worry about.

One hour later they had reached the Hippogriffs but Hermione couldn’t concentrate. I’m absolutely bursting she thought as she stuffed her hand into her pocket attempting to hold her crotch with great difficulty. She now had her legs fully crossed and was bobbing up and down without making it too obvious she needed to pee. They had paired up to tend to the hippogriffs, Harry with Hagrid and Ron with Hermione. She was absolutely frantic by now, even if she could go back, they were over an hours walk away from the castle, she wouldn’t make it. She had to do something or she was going to wet herself and there would be no hiding it in her blue jeans. She was going to have to find somewhere to squat, this mortified her, she would have to sneak off, she couldn’t face the embarrassment of people knowing she was desperate enough to pee outside.

“Ron, can you check with Hagrid if we can groom the feathers” she asked, already knowing the answer. As she asked her bladder felt like it was about to explode, she bent forward and crossed her legs as tightly as she could.

“Err.. yeah sure” said Ron, surprised she didn’t know they answer already. “Are you okay Hermione?”.

“Yes, just go” she snapped.

As Ron headed in the direction of Hagrid, she snuck into the bushes.

She broke into a run when she got out of view of the group. She was desperately searching for a private place to go, her hand jammed into her crotch. I’ve never been this desperate in my life she thought to herself. She found herself a spot, it wasn’t perfect but she couldn’t wait any longer. She bounced from foot to foot as she struggled with the button on her jeans and with difficult got them down to her knees. As she wrenched her red pants down she started peeing a violent stream, noisily splattering on the floor. The relief was amazing, it felt brilliant, despite being in an awkward squatting positing, she wasn’t used to this. After 20 seconds she heard a rustling noise and a voice called out.

“Hermione, where are you” Ron came out of the bushes followed by the whole class. Hermione screamed, she couldn’t stop the flow which was still going strong. The whole class stood open mouthed staring at Hermione’s bare backside. The peeing didn’t stop for another half a minute, after which Hermione whose face was as red as a beetroot yanked her pants and jeans back up.

“Sorry, Hermione, we thought there was something wrong so we came to look for you” said Ron.

“There WAS something wrong” she bellowed angrily “I was dying for the toilet”.

She stormed past them in the direction of the castle, her face still glowing red. Harry and Ron looked at each other, but didn’t try to stop her. They both had the image of Hermione’s bare bum fresh in their minds and were both thinking this was the best Care of magical Creatures lesson ever.

