Suno AI Project

Author: CookeWawa

*000*2024-07-15 01:43

So I saw that post from the guy who used Suno AI to write a song about omorashi. I liked the results, but his songs were about topics that weren't exactly my brand of fetish. So I decided to try my hand at it, and I was genuinely blown away by the results.

I wrote an anime intro/theme song about a high school girl who struggles with having a small bladder and having to pee at the worst possible times. Suno can write lyrics, but it's AI so it's pretty vauge/doesen't hit as hard as I want it to. Plus, it can only write lyrics as part of a whole song with music and vocals, which costs credits. (You get 50 a day and each song costs 10)

So I used ChatGPT to write the lyrics for me for free. Of course, they were still AI lyrics, but it gave me the basic structure of a song for inspiration. I'm decent with poetry/rhyming, so I manually changed the lyrics to hit on themes and tropes that I wanted to be in the song.

I popped the first draft of my lyrics into Suno, and damn, was it good. There's a section where you can give it descriptors for the style and genre of music, and It understood it perfectly. I used words like "anime", "frantic", and "fast-paced" and I think the outputted song almost perfectly captures the chaotic, energetic vibe I wanted for the song, to be representative of a schoolgirl rushing through the halls with a full bladder.

With regaurds to meter, AI does a damn good job with that as well. As I said, I can write basic rhymes, and I had a general Idea of how I wanted each line to sound rythmically, but I had no Idea how it was all going to tie up in the end. But AI can basically do all of that for you. I only had to change two lines to fix the rythm and meter, everything else was spot-on.

I've attached the link below, as well as a file download. I want to turn this into a seriese, while I'm no animator and can't make an actual anime let alone an animatic, I want to try and create "episodes" of this story where this song serves as the main title theme and subsequent songs follow our heroine through different situations where she's caught short and in need of a bathroom. It could cater to different interests people have, genuine accidents, barely made it, peeing outside, relief in a container, and any variety of situations. If it turns out well, you could even make a whole playlist out of them.

I'm thinking of the next song being a more fleshed out "desperate in class" story. This one was simply an intro and so it was a bit more general and scattered to capture the overall vibe, but I'd like to do another take with a more coherent storyline. If anyone is interested, feel free to drop scenereo ideas in the replies, and I also don't have a name for the protagonist or seriese so I could use some help with coming up with that. Finally, general lyric-writing critique is welcome as long as it's constructive! 🙂

SUNO LINK: https://suno.com/song/83274665-30c3-4500-94cb-d8cf5f235158

FILE DOWNLOAD BELOW:

%Gotta Go Again!.mp3

*001*2024-07-15 02:34

The ending bit that I didn't ask for was too good to leave as it is, so I added a few SFX to the song, if anyone cares.

Gotta Go Again! [SFX].MP3

