Just a photo

Author: Calb

*000*2019-01-08 13:57

Hi everyone! Posting a new story, featuring a character from another story of mine

, so I guess you can call it a sequel. It's pretty light on desperation/wetting this time. Anyways, enjoy reading it and have a good day!

###

- No, no, Alice… Not that kind of angry… Not like a cartoon villain… Alright, that’s better, - said James and continued clicking his camera.

Alice – an athletic brunette with a ponytail, glistening in the bright light of the studio - glanced at him with a mixture of confusion and indignation, as they stared at each other for a couple of silent seconds.

“Now you’re acting… Well, since you’re pretty, I should’ve known you were not that good at acting”, - he thought, shooting her dubious face expression.

- James… I’m not sure I get the idea: why should I be angry here, again?

“She clearly wasn’t in this kind of situation before. Obviously, girls like her rarely are”, - thought James and took another look Alice's her curvy figure and her pale, possibly Middle-Eastern face.

- Alice, look… The story is you spent a couple of hours looking for a toilet and it really gets on your nerves. You are so unlucky today. You really need to pee, your bladder is practically bursting, and you are, in fact, close to peeing herself. Try imagining that you’ll wet yourself in a minute, and being pissed off – well, no better way to describe it – because those idiots didn’t think about putting more public toilets on the streets. And you’re also sad because… Wow… Freeze like that! Great!

For a moment, it seemed that Alice didn’t mind the camera and the world around her. The tiny flames in her grey-green eyes suddenly got extinguished; and her gaze has turned inward. She drowned in her memories.

Yes, now she gets the idea. Now she’s blushing, having remembered about that summer day, two years ago, when she pissed herself on a bus. “This whole thing for the public health association… Maybe it’s not what… Does he know? No, impossible…”

Alice’s memories got so vivid she almost could feel the fullness of her bladder, although she went right after she came to the studio. For a couple of moments, the room became unbearably stuffy and airless, just like that bus. And her accident… This wasn’t just an accident: if you emptied your bladder in a public place and wet your skirt in the process this is more like a catastrophe. Jesus, what an ugly wet feeling it was…

- Cool! Now can you put your hands between your legs and pretend you have to go? Awesome!

Mechanically putting her hands between her legs, Alice suddenly felt so exposed to the lens. She kept saying to herself that nobody cares. She knew that chances are - nobody has ever discovered this two-year-old mishap, even she herself has almost forgotten; but the idea that somebody could know, made Alice shiver in a sudden streak of jittery self-consciousness…

Click! Suddenly she snapped back from the trance and smiled charmingly at James, saying sorry for ignoring his instructions for… god knows how long. However, she thought, she didn’t get paid to daydream about a toilet accident, besides, the sooner they end this flashback photo-session, the better.

- With me now? Good – now turn to your right a bit… and bend your knees, and also lean forward… Great! Girl, you’re on fire!

“Thank you, I got practice” – Alice said under her breath, trying not to let her destroyed mood show on her face.

- OK, - he said, stepping back from the tripod.

- We’ll have a break now, 5 minutes. Thank you, Alice. First I thought you were one of these floozies who are only good at posting their asses on Instagram, but you got talent! Pierced my heart, girl!

- Well, thanks, - Alice replied, surprised again with frankness of his remark.

Still, knowing a lot of photographers in her town, Alice was happy that James’ weirdness didn’t extend much farther. He smiled to her cheerfully and went to change the card, just a moment before Alice walked out for another visit to the ladies room. She didn’t need to go so bad, but since one ride on the bus, she has learnt that it was always a good idea.

Apart from her own case, Alice knew a lot of examples of how poorly people manage their bathroom breaks and nothing good ever comes out of it. In fact, a lot can come out, but not in the right place and not at the right time. Like the time it happened to one of her friends from high school…

To be continued...

*002*2019-03-01 13:21

PART 2

Sitting on a toilet reminded Alice about a strange occasion, at the time when she was the captain of a cheer-leading team. She remembered that day quite vividly - when after a stunning performance she was walking down the empty corridor to the bathroom. She had to take a leak, maybe even badly, but she didn’t pay attention to that, since the performance went too well, and she felt untouchable by the petty trifles of everyday life, like a need for bathroom. Besides she could already see it at the end of the corridor.

Suddenly she heard quick steps and loud panting from behind the corner. In a moment Alice saw the captain of the rival team – a gorgeous leggy girl with long brown hair – rushing to the door and frantically trying to open it. Alice was stunned to see her shaking and whimpering, and despite all her effort the door remained closed. Refusing to face her bad luck, she started pounding the door even more hysterically, crying to let her in. Gosh, she absolutely needs it, - thought Alice.

- Becca? Are you OK? – she asked, rattled with Becca’s frenzy.

- Oh, oh, um... - she turned away sharply and wanted to say something, …

But instead of words, Alice heard the explanation from torrents of urine streaming down the poor girl’s pale muscular legs, staining her cheerleader-skirt and spraying dirty-yellow liquid on her white sneakers.

Girl wailed in tears and gave up, bending her knees, and continued peeing all over the old dusty floor. She started crying loudly, and Alice stood there in shock, watching rivers of pee escape Becca’s gorgeous body and flood the old wooden tiles. Her red and white outfit was completely ruined with the contents of her full bladder. Becca managed to save most of her skirt form the spraying fountain, but her white socks and sneakers were quickly painted yellow. Poor cheerleader was just standing in her puddle, sobbing violently.

- Bex… Oh my god! - Alice said, thinking how unbelievable this mess was.

After she was done wetting (which wasn’t too soon), Rebecca was standing in a large puddle, leaning against the wall because her legs were almost giving away. All of a sudden, she saw Alice appear in front of her as she said:

- Bex, look… Nobody will know, only me, I will never tell. Come with me, now. Clean yourself up.

- Oh, oh… OK, thank you, - she replied through heavy sobbing and let Alice grab her hand and quickly drag her down the corridor.

Becca didn’t mind, still pretty much unable to comprehend what happened to her, feeling the last droplets of urine dripping from her legs. “Disgusting” didn’t even begin to cover the whole scale of this sickening wet sensation. All that she could think about was how… How did she manage to hold on for the whole performance and then just humiliate herself in front of her friend? She didn’t care where they were running now, she just wanted to disappear.

Meanwhile, Alice guided her across the corridor and then downstairs, until they arrived at the toilet that wasn’t closed. And finally, getting back to her senses, Becca found herself in the middle of restroom, woken up by the door bang as Alice shut it hastily.

- So I stole some napkins from the closet, take them. Clean yourself up… Bex, look at me, - Alice held her by the shoulders as Becca lifted her teary eyes and found Alice’s.

- Nobody will ever know, just wash away your make-up and you know, clean yourself up, alright? Could happen to everybody, don’t worry.

Becca nodded and took the napkin roll, slowly calming down. By the time Alice decided to step into the cubicle, Becca was already hugging her, finally relaxed and breathing normally.

- Alice, thank you! Really, you… I don’t know how to thank you!

- Oh, well… You owe me one! Just kidding, what are friends for?.. OK, let me go now, some of us still have to pee, - said Alice, and Becca burst into light-hearted laughter.

To be continued...

