Hurry Up and Leave Already! (Eromanga Sensei)

Author: Captain L

*000*2017-07-06 01:14

"It's getting close to 11," Sagiri Izumi noticed. She needed to keep an eye on the time, she had scheduled a drawing livestream, she didn't want to leave Eromanga Sensei's fans waiting. So now was the time to start preparing for that, she saved a drawing she was working on independently, and opened a blank canvas to work on. She didn't need to worry much about getting dressed, she could stay in her pajamas, just put on a jacket and mask to hide that one of the best lewd artists on a marginally popular light novel series was a not even teenage girl.

First things first, she had an important need to attend to before going live, though still just as routine. She grabbed an empty soda bottle she kept near her laptop for just this reason, unscrewed the cap, and slid her pajama pants and underwear halfway down her thighs. Placing the bottle's small opening against her exposed privates, she relaxed, and a slightly golden-tinged liquid began calmly flowing into the container.

This was how Sagiri handled her potty breaks most of the time. She had been a shut-in for years, this was her normal life, she now considered it weakness to leave her room. She would, on occasion, she had just started doing her own laundry and the pee bottle did need to be emptied, but if she didn't need to leave her room, she wouldn't. That's the reason she set up the bottle as a designated toilet in the first place, and put so much effort into not making a mess when using it: to only leave to use the bathroom half as many times.

Before long, the bottle filled and Sagiri was just about empty. Both had approximately the same capacity, nothing more than a coincidence. It would be better if the bottle she had chosen was a little larger, to allow her to use it more than once, but this is all she had. Most of her other drinks were either in glasses or cans, the latter of which she had tested to not work very well in this scenario. She secured the cap, wiped herself down with a tissue she also kept near her computer, and pulled her shorts back up.

"Ahhh, all better." Without that little desire distracting her, she could finish preparations. She put her headset on and connected it to the computer, magical girl mask tied to her face, she slipped the green jacket on and pulled the hood over her silver hair. She opened a program to filter her voice, got the streaming program open, and, when the clock hit 11, went live.

For the first 15 minutes, things went as normal. Comments in the chat praising her perverted skill, some late congratulations for Silverwolf's conclusion, and plenty of suggestions for what fetishes this sketch should include. But it was all admiration, and that made all Sagiri's work worth it. It couldn't be seen under the mask, but she smiled and bounced to an imaginary rhythm as her stylus continued adding pencil lines to the art in progress.

That's when she heard something from another part of the house, the doorbell ringing. Ordinarily, that'd turn her head, it might be a package she ordered, but today was Sunday, couldn't be anything for her. She could just let her brother, Masamune, handle it, but something about it piqued her curiosity. "Hold on a second, someone's outside," she announced to her viewers, getting up and looking out the window.

Once she caught a peek at the person outside their door, she just sighed, exasperated. It was that Megumi girl coming back to bother them about bringing Sagiri to school. "Doesn't she have school work to do instead of obsessing over me?" Whatever, this was a big brother matter, she could do her thing while he talked to this girl and shooed her off.

###

Sagiri's stream ended hours ago, now she was hanging out in her room, because she was in a little too much pain. Nature had once again begun to run its course, and Eromanga Sensei once again had to go. Incredibly bad. As in, she was laying on her back in her bed, keeping her legs crossed as tight as she could manage, shifting forward and back in her spot. The girl looked like she could burst any second.

She wasn't so stubborn about her shut-in lifestyle that she wouldn't leave to use the bathroom, but she couldn't go out of her room now. For whatever reason she couldn't even imagine, Masamune was still entertaining Megumi as a guest in their living room. Sagiri didn't want to see her, both to avoid getting ragged on for not going to school or to avoid Megumi trying to make a friend, let alone just hating having to be social. And just her luck, the house's bathroom had to be downstairs. It wasn't possible to make it there without being spotted.

So, for now, she just had to let her bladder fill and hope it could hold out while the ground floor conversation took forever. With each passing second, that simple task was looking more and more impossible as she edged ever closer to leaking, or worse yet, a total accident. And the full bottle sitting on her table was taunting her further, reminding her that her one salvation inside this room was already used up.

Sagiri almost cried thinking about it, she was a rare breed of girl that had no problem peeing in a bottle, and she couldn't even do that. If leaving her room wasn't an option, she had to figure something out very soon. It was clear enough that the container was her only lead, but the lack of free space inside was a definite concern.

"Can...c-can I empty it somewhere?" That'd fix her problems quick, but was it even possible? The most obvious place was the small trash bin, a trash bin meant for solid items. The walls were netted, any liquid would just flow right back out the sides. Of course, it was filled with cans, she nearly just accepted using one or two of those, but she was still able to think critically enough to know it was a bad idea. They just didn't make very effective toilets, and being honest, the idea of putting her privates right against the sharp opening to a can made her squeamish.

Racking her brain to come up with an alternate solution, and totally not because she could no longer lay still, she rolled onto her side and faced outside. "Ugh, it's too bright," she complained, ignoring that it was mid-afternoon, after all. She averted her eyes from the blinding rays, unable to cover her eyes with her hands completely occupied.

It took until the glass was almost out of her sight before something new occurred to her. "Outside?" That was an idea, dump the bottle's contents out the window and reuse it. After all, there was nothing between her house and the neighbor's, no threat of raining down on anything important. "That's perfect!" It was still difficult to stand up, but she somehow got on her feet, took her no longer warm container in her hand, and shoved the curtains away.

She prepared to push the window open to step onto the balcony, when she saw something in the opposite house, that house Masamune kept visiting. That girl he kept interacting with, the one he kept visiting, their relationship unknown since he never talked about her. That blond girl in her showoff pink dress was visible through her own window, doing...not "working", but something. She hadn't noticed Sagiri, but she could, and that was enough to make the young girl hesitate. "I...I really need this...but I can't let her see! She can't see my weakness, I'm not losing big brother to her!" In a huff, she threw her curtains closed.

Sagiri had stood by her principles, great for her, but her bladder was still painfully full with no place to drain it. "Agh, what do I do?!" With the bottle still in her hand, she used her other to fiercely grab her crotch through her pajamas, squeezing it between her thighs as she stomped her feet on their heels, grunting and whining in effort. All the while, the urine was sloshing around in its container, creating a liquid sound that hurt so much to hear.

Completely distracted by her desperation, Sagiri went quite a while before questioning why it was able to make a noise at all. It would need room to move for that, and as it turned out, there was a little free space still. Granted, it was not very much, but it meant there was a tiny volume left for a little more pee.

There was no way that minuscule amount could possibly come even close to satiating her need. If she started, she stood zero chance of stopping before it overflowed. That's why she was frantically unscrewing the cap, pulling on the front of her shorts to get them down in time. "I only need a little bit! Just a little bit of relief and I can hold the rest in!"

Halfway through the preparations, a knock came from the other side of the bedroom door. "Sagiri," Masamune asked, "Are you okay in there?" She had repeatedly stomped her floor just a minute before, the usual way she communicated with her brother to demand help. And with this not being an ordinary time to ask, no wonder he was concerned.

Unfortunately, this was not a matter she wanted his help on. Since she couldn't physically hide her burning need anymore, she hastily screwed the cap back on the bottle and dropped it before waddling over to the door without pulling her pants back up. She opened it just a crack, and stuck just her head through while her body hid. "I don't need you, big brother! Just leave!" She slammed the door so hard she felt the vibrations, which did her no favors, leaving Masamune confused but not entirely surprised by her outburst.

Sagiri was leaning against the door, breathing heavy, doing another potty dance. It kept going like this for a little bit, when she finally crumbled. It took until now, but a small stream trickled into her panties. "Ahhh!" She picked up the pace and force on her holding, but it wasn't doing much. She ended up pretty damp by the time the little tinkle finally stopped. She had next to no time left, she couldn't do it alone. Bashfully, she cracked the door open and peeked through it, her brother still stunned on the other side. "And tell that girl to leave too."

Masamune nodded and left for downstairs, and his little sister was somewhat comforted knowing she only had a little more time to wait. If only she had the strength to hold out, she was on the edge of a sheer drop already. She wasn't looking, but her panties had to look pitiful by now, she had yet to notice it was starting to soak through to her pajamas too. Basically, she was well on her way to wetting herself already.

It felt like an eternity later, but brother made good on his role and called to her from downstairs. "Alright Sagiri, Megumi's gone! For whatever it means to you!" She didn't want to let Masamune in on her embarrassing failings, but better big brother than anyone else. She couldn't be picky any more, she grabbed herself tight and ran down the stairs, sliding into the living room. "So what was so important that you needed to le-" Now he noticed his little sister, looking as sad as he'd ever seen her struggling so hard against her bladder. "You need any help, Sagiri?"

She wouldn't have asked for it anyway, but even if she had, it was too late. "I-I can't...it's so bad..." The sound of hissing liquid overtook both their senses, as a dark, reflecting pot spread across Sagiri's pink pajama shorts, falling between her fingers and running down her legs in small streams, all collecting in a growing puddle around her feet.

There was no shame left in her body, all of it was pouring out of her, Sagiri just moaned in pleasure. Who cared that she was in the middle of wetting herself, her stretched out bladder finally had its chance to relax, and it felt incredible. "Ohhhhh..." Her mouth hung open in ecstasy, her eyes closed from the strife, she felt like she was about to get even more wet from something else, she couldn't complain. She drooped her hands to her sides, spread her legs a little more, and just went with it.

She lost herself in the relief for the duration of her accident, until the loud splashing eventually subsided and streams stopping tickling her legs. "Much better," she sighed, opening her eyes again at least. Only then did she realize the magnitude of what she had done, as she took in her surroundings, turning her comfort into horror. Not the mess she had made, she wasn't too grossed out by cleaning that up.

No, the real concern was the reminder that she didn't shame herself out of sight. Masamune saw the whole thing, and he was looking her over, she felt violated like he was undressing her with his eyes. Sagiri's whole body seemed to glow red in mortified shame, shaking and stuttering as she attempted to defend her actions. It took him twenty seconds to break the silence for something to progress. "Don't worry, I'll clean it up."

At least that got Sagiri talking again. "Big brother, you idiot! Moron! Pervert!" It may have changed her sentiment and emotions, but it was a step in some direction. "You stay away!" She marched upstairs, sort of betraying her previous words by leaving Masamune alone with her puddle.

Retreated into her room, Sagiri's first priority was changing out of her filthy clothes, they were starting to chill. She slid the garments down her legs, cringing at how much of the shorts were saturated, nearly the entire butt. And her pink and white striped panties looked even worse. Using the very little dry space left, she swabbed down her skin and threw the ruined pajamas in a basket with the small amount of dirty laundry she already had. And without another clean pair, she tossed the shirt in the pile and put on an oversized white shirt to cover enough of her.

Once again, a knock on her door broke her out of her trance. "Sagiri, it's fine. I won't tell anyone about this. I can take care of the laundry toOW!" Masamune was interrupted by the door slamming into his face as Sagiri opened it fast, laundry basket in her hands.

She ignored her brother's pain as she walked down the stairs, only acknowledging his presence with another reprimand. "I told you already, I'll clean it! And I'm doing my own laundry!" She pouted all the way to the laundry room, stepping around and simultaneously ignoring her previous floor litter on the way. She tossed her clothes in the washer, turned it on and listened to it hum and whir, and sat on the floor next to the box to wait for it to finish. Maybe she should be doing something else, but instead just listened to the rhythm of the appliance, adding her own melody to pass the time.

