The Teaching Assistant`s Accident in Class

Author: CptTickle

*000*2023-05-11 15:11

@@Krista's alarm went off as 6:30 am, and she slowly started to wake up. As she did every morning, she reached down under the covers to feel her diaper, which was again wet. Even at 22 years old, Krista was never able to stop wetting the bed. College could have been a rough experience for her, but thankfully, she found her roommate Tina. Tina also wet the bed and had some daytime incontinence issues, so they always did their best to keep each others secrets and help each other out when they could. Krista was thankful though that she didn't have daytime accidents like Tina did though, and always felt bad that her roommate and best friend had to wear an adult diaper while in college. Krista considered herself lucky that she could dress how she wanted, and today she wanted to dress to impress. It was Krista's first day as a teaching assistant in her meteorology class. As a senior, She helped out her professor with lectures and grading assignments for less advanced classes. Krista was still a student though, and as a single college girl, wanted to look good. After her shower Krista put on a white bodysuit that snapped at the crotch. She then yanked up a pair of skin-tight khaki pants over it. The pants were double breasted, with two rows of buttons and went up to her belly button. The shape accented her hips, and her toned round butt looked incredible in them. She wasn't overweight by any means, but definitely had curves. She didn't just have an incredibly body either. Krista had feminine face, olive skin and beautiful bright green eyes. Her dark brown, slightly wavy hair went just past her shoulders, accenting her perfectly symmetrical face. Krista took a look at herself in the mirror. She felt she looked classy, professional and incredibly sexy with her short sleeve white shirt tucked into her skin tight double breasted tan pants. She looked at the clock, it was already 7:15, and still had to grab a coffee and walk from her on-campus apartment to her class that started in just 15 minutes.

@@Krista got to the room with just 2 minutes to spare before class, which for a teaching assistant was already late. She walked into the room. It was essentially a computer lab, with a big projctor screen in front, 3 rows of computers, all of which had students standing up and working. There was a computer in the back of the room as well, which also had the user stand up. The professor, Sam Marshfield was really chill though and didn't make a big deal of Krista being late. He said cheerily to Krista "oh there you are, I was starting to worry you weren't going to show?" he said jokingly. Krista thought the professor was definitely cute, at 6'1 with short brown hair, a muscular frame, and wearing a simple white button down shirt tucked into his dark blue pants. Krista smiled back at Sam "I wouldn't miss my first day for the world." she said. Krista started to feel some pressure in her bladder though, and was a little embarrassed to ask Sam "Hey, I actually think I could use a trip to the restroom before class though, do you think there is time?" Sam felt a little bad, but had to tell Krista "ooh, I'm sorry, I actually could use your help setting up the program before class. As we talked about earlier, if you could demonstrate how the program works from the computer back there while I talk about it that would be great. I can get the tutorial out of the way in about 30 minutes though, then we'll give the students some time to work through a couple of sample forecasts, and then we can tag team getting everyone up to speed on it the rest of the class? Krista didn't want to be a problem on her first day and just said "sure thing." But she wished she could visit the bathroom, thinking it will be a long 30 minutes before the hands-on portion of the 3 hour class.

Krista was busy setting up the meteorology forecast program in the back. She was standing with her legs crossed, feeling the pressure in her bladder, as students started filing in. After about 10 students came in, Krista's heart dropped as she saw one girl walk in, Morgan. Morgan was one year younger than Krista and went to her high school. High school was rough for Krista, it was outed that she was a bedwetter, and had two different wetting accidents in class. She was definitely teased in those days, and hoped to put that all behind her in college. She hadn't talked to Morgan since high school, and hated the idea that she was in the class.

Once all the students were there, The professor Sam started talking "good morning class. For those of you who don't know I'm Professor Marshfield. If you're wondering who that lovely young woman in the back is, that is Krista she will be our teaching assistant this semester. Krista blushed slightly hearing Sam call her "lovely" and waved at the class. As she looked out she caught the eye of Morgan, who clearly recognized her. Next to Morgan was a guy Krista found very cute, wearing a black t-shirt, jeans and medium length blonde hair. The guy was clearly checking Krista out, and Krista gave a very subtle smile at him. Krista's bladder was starting to get more dire though, and she started swaying her curvy hips back and forth to ease the pressure.

@@"Alright class" Sam the professor continued on. "this class is all about learning the different computer programs needed to forecast the weather." Krista here knows is well and will be helping me out, so these first few classes will just be getting you guys used to it all." As the lecture went on, Krista felt her bladder filling up fast. She wished she could sit down, but was forced to stand up in the back and click through the program. She stood with her legs crossed, helping put some pressure on her bladder, but she kept eyeing the clock and wondering when she can slip away to use the bathroom. She didn't want to embarrass herself on the first day though and start doing a "pee pee dance" in front of everyone, especially not Morgan who knew her history of accidents and bedwetting. Just then something caught Krista's eye, she saw Morgan whisper to the cute guy and another girl next to her and, they all turned to look at Krista. Morgan and the other girl giggled a little, while the guy had a blank expression on his face. Krista felt her stomache sink, worrying that Morgan was gossiping about her she wet her pants back in high school. She definitely had to do her best to keep composed, and tried to tone down her wiggling, but her bladder was starting to become painful.

25 minutes went by and Krista's bathroom needs were getting dire, every few seconds she moved her knee up, or shuffled her hips back and forth, all while she kept her legs tightly crossed. Then Sam finished up his lecture "ok everyone, we're going to give you a chance to play around with the system. We are going to do a sample forecast, just let Krista or myself know if you need any help with anything." Krista then eyes the exit, hoping to run to the bathroom quick before she started to help the class. But immediately, the cute guy next Morgan raised his hand and called out "Hey Krista I could use some help." Krista didn't want to be rude, especially to him and sauntered over.

@@As she walked over, she noticed the guy next to Morgan check out her butt. She definitely didn't mind the attention from him, but realized she needed to keep her potty dance under control until she could use the bathroom, especially if Morgan did tell him about her accidents in high school. The guy turned to Krista "hey i'm Mark, nice to meet you." Krista for a moment forgot about her bladder and locked eyes with Mark and said warmly "nice to meet you, what can I help with?" Mark continued on "so I'm having trouble getting out of this mode?" Krista reached over Mark and grabbed his mouse and clicked a simple setting and said "here, its's just that easy." She said with a smile. But her flirt mood didn't last long, her bladder twinged, and she raised her knee, thankfully shutting down any flow of pee. Mark noticed the awkward movement and asked "are you ok?" Krista was a little embarrassed but tried to play if off cool "Oh, i'm fine" she said with a smile and gently put her hand on Mark's shoulder "Just let me know if you need anything else." As Krista walked off, swaying her hips back and forth, Mark took a glance at her amazing behind again. Morgan caught him looking. She had a crush on Mark herself and didn't like the attention Krista was getting. She leaned over to Mark and whispered "that's the girl thay had accidents and wet the bed in high school." Mark didn't know how to feel about that, he was a little grossed out at the idea, but at the same time felt it was in the past, and looking at her now didn't really care. He just replied to Morgan "oh really" and left it at that.

Krista was almost to the door, relief was in her sights, but one girl raised her hand for help and shouted at Krista "hey, could you help me?" Krista winced "fuck" She thought to herself. The student, a pretty blondge girl in yoga pants and a black tank top said "sorry, I am struggling right away" she said with a laugh. Krista was trying to hide her annoyance but said "no problem, that's why I'm here." When Krista reached the blonde girl, standing in front of her computer at the high top table, she crossed her legs tightly and clasped her hands in her lap, gently swaying her hips, doing her best not to jitter around too much. Krista stuggled to pay attention to her question as she described her problem.

@@Krista kept thinking "when can I pee already" hoping to finish with the student quickly before things got really bad. But then, the professor shouted to the room "hey guys, it seems we are all having a similar problem. Krista can you go to the home page in the back and I'll show them what to do." Krista just pursed her lips and nodded as she went to the back of the room. As she started working, she felt a tiny spurt of pee escape her. She bit her lips and slammed her shapely thighs together to stem the flow. She could feel a warmth in the crotch of her panties and body suit. The students all had their eyes on the front of the class. Krista opened up her thighs, and to her horror, saw just a tiny dime sized wet stain on her crotch, right in between the two rows of buttons on her tight khaki pants. Thinking quickly, she grabbed a sheet of paper and held it in front of her crotch. Krista thought to herself "as soon as he is done I'm running to the bathroom no matter what. I'll be okay, no one will notice this small stain right? it has to dry quickly.. I'm ok, I'm ok." In reality, Krista looked like she saw a ghost.

@@Krista was standing with her legs crossed like a pretzel, swaying back and forth, and both hands holding the sheet of paper to cover her small pee statin when she heard Sam call out "Krista can you explain how to calculate the wind speed with this system?" Krista tried her best to compose herself, but stammered as she said from the back of the room "s-ssure. so you umm... have to take this number on the left side... here.. and umm, right click, then g-go to the drop down menu... but just remember .. it's, it's in not the default option." Krista's face turned red as she realized people were giving her strange looks as she presented. As Krista finished explaining what she needed to, she felt a wave of pressure overtake her. She bent over at the waist, then stood up and raised her knee up and inwards, shifting her hips back. Thankfully no more pee escaped, but the class must have noticed her awkward movements by now. Krista thought to herself "ok, I'll be ok. My wet stain will dry in a moment, I'll just rush to the bathroom right now."

@@Krista started quickly walking to the exit, the paper still covering her crotch when she felt someone touch her arm. Krista turned her head, it was the same blonde girl as before. As her attention diverted away from her bladder, she a split second pee rush out of her. She squeezed her thighs together to regain control. Krista could feel the warmth spread across her body suit and pants, now feeling a little wet on her perfect round butt. The blonde girl was oblivious to her plight and said 'sorry to keep bugging you, I'm still having trouble with the wind speed here." Krista just mumbled "mmm hmm" and forced a smile. The blonde girl continued "see I just can't remember the steps" she then saw the paper Krista was holding "oh, is that a list of the steps could I see that?" Krista was in a panic, that sheet of paper was the only thing covering her dignity, and in her mental state, couldn't think of anything and just handed her the paper. The blonde girl took the paper and turned towards her computer. Krista instictively looked down at her pants, and felt the blood rush from her face as she realized her pee stain on her tan pants grew to the size of an orange. The blonde girl let out a shocked "oh" as she saw the stain. Krista was flustered and muttered "it, it's not what it looks like, I, I spilled something, bad spot right?" the blonde girl just bit her lip and tried to suppress a giggle. Krista continued "j-just look that over, I'm sure it will help. Krists tried to cover the stain, putting both hands in front of her crotch, and speed walking to the exit.

@@Krista only made it about 10 steps before she her heard Morgan call out "hey Krista, we could use your help!" Krista pursed her lips "fuck!" she thought to herself "anyone but her." Thinking quickly, Krista turned to face the tables, so her side was facing Morgan, her female friend, and Mark. Morgan was cheerful,but in a fake sort of way and said to Krista "oh my god I haven't seen you in forever! how are you." Krista was doing her best to keep the stain of her crotch hidden, and not release any more. She was leaning over slight with her hands on the high table, and thighs firmly pressed together. Krista gave a quick "I'm good, how can I help you guys?" Morgan said "I'm having trouble highlighting the high pressure system." And she backed away from the keyboard to let Krista in. Krista took a deep breath, she needed to move her hands from her already wet crotch. As she did, Krista felt another split second of warm pee release. She winced as she felt it in her panties and body-suit, praying it didn't make the stain any worse than it alreadywas. As Krista started working at the standing computer, Mark who was next them checked out her butt again. His eyes went wide as he noticed the palm-sized pee stain on her butt. As Krista finished explaining the issue she turned her head around to face the three of them saw Mark starring at her ass. She looked down, and her heart dropped as she realized her butt was wet as well. Morgan and her friend had smiles creep across their faces as they saw her pants. Krista put her hand in front of her butt to block it and turned around, and now realizing the pee stain on her crotch was now the size of a grapefruit. Morgan's mouth opened for a few second and she mumbled "oh my god" and had a slight giggle as she saw the stain. Krista had to fight back tears as she stammered "it-it's not that, I-I swear, I was drinking c-coffee and it spilled." Morgan turned to her friend and gave her a look as to say "can you believe what you're seeing." Krista turned to run out the door, hopefully before the rest of the class realized what was happening.

@@Krista tried to sprint out the door, but didn't realize Sam was there and ran right into him. Sam put an arm on Krista's shoulder and said "oh gosh I'm sorry." The shock of running into Sam was too much. Krista released a strong torrent of warm pee. For 5 seconds Krista could feel it rush out of her. She could feel it run up her butt, crotch and down both of her curvy thighs. As Sam realized her accident he took his hand off of her and took a step back. Krista stood in shock as she realized all eyes were on her. Krista's pants were wet all across her crotch, down both legs to her knees. And maybe most embarrassing of all, her white bodysuit got wet, and a yellow stain on her shirt was seen just above the waistband of her high-waisted pants. Sam gave her a disgusted and raised an eyebrow "Krista are you ok?" Krista just mumbled "i'm fine." Krista's eyes dart around the room, every student is starring at her. Krista just froze in horror as her bladder fully gave way. The room was silent, and the class could hear the hiss of Krista's pee hitting her tan pants. Krista could hear giggles and murmurs as her pants became drenched in urine, soaking both her legs,her butt, even her shirt was wet up above her belly button now because of the snaps at the crotch. Amongst the giggles, Krista heard Morgan call out "oh, sweetie, I didn't know you never outgrew your little problem." Krista had tears starting to form in her eyes and she ran out of the room.

Krista got into a singel stall bathroom and saw how bad the damage was. She got out her phone and called her roommate Tina. In a cracked voice she said "Tina, I need you to do me a favor. I need you to come to the bathroom on the third floor near my lab with some of my jeans and a pair of underwear." Tina instantly knew what happened "oh honey, it's going to be ok." She said sympathetically "I'll be right there."

@@Tina knocked on the door and said It's me, Tina." Krista sheepishly opened the door. Tina came into the bathroom with jeans and said "rough day honey?" as she saw her accident. Krista just said "can you help me" as she started pulling off her wet pants. Tina hated to tell her this "Hey, umm, I think you're bodysuit is going to still be pretty noticably wet... and it may make these jeans wet too." Krista realized she was right and felt defeated again. "What do I do" she asked. Tina asked "do you want me to go get you a shirt too?" Krista just wanted this ordeal to be done with. She hated that she asked this "Umm, this is awkward, but what if I wear one of your diapers over the crotch of it, and then I can just hold your purse in front of the wet stain on the shirt?" Tina tucked her hair behind her ear and just said "sure" a little embarrassed about her diaper situation as well. Once changed Krista looked in the mirror and noticed the diaper was creating some awkward bulk around her butt. She asked Tina "how bad is it?" Tina thought it was deinitely noticeable and bulky but didn't want to embarrass her friend more and "you look fine, I'll walk behind you, it will be ok."

As soon as they stepped out, Morgan, Mark and their other friend were there. Morgan called out "I'm glad your friend could bring you some dry clothes sweetie." As she and her female friend giggled. Mark seemed sorry for what happened, and didn't like being associated with them, but didn't say anything and starred ahead. Krista and Tina just started walking back to their apartment. As They walked away Morgan noticed Krista's "diaper butt" and whispered to her friend.. "oh my god, I think she's wearing a diaper. I bet her roommate pisses herself too." and they both let out a cackle. Krista and Tina just walked home in shame, hoping to forget about this awful day.

*002*2023-05-20 00:51

{{On 5/13/2023 at 7:22 PM, TheDudeAbides said:

This is amazing! Are you planning on writing a second part?

}}

I'm not sure yet, any ideas of where to take it next?

*004*2023-05-22 19:00

{{2 hours ago, Midd said:

@@maybe have Krista and Morgan desperate, with Krista making it with leaks while Morgan full on wets herself? A field trip with no suitable toilets for girls perhaps? That way Morgan gets her comeuppance and we still get to see a desperate Krista

}}

I like that idea a lot. Maybe Krista wears a diaper on the field trip but doesn't want to use it, and Morgan wets herself?

*006*2023-05-27 19:54

Part 2:

It's been 4 weeks since Krista's humiliating accident in class, and she hoped that the students stopped seeing her as the TA that peed her pants, and started seeing her as the competent, friendly and good looking teaching assistant. Today, the class was all visiting a National Weather Service research center which was about an hour and 15 minute bus ride away. Krista had been there before and knew it was a relatively casual work environment. She put on a pair of "mom style" jeans that still highlighted her firm round butt, and a white button down shirt that she tucked into her jeans. She was sure to leave plenty of time to visit the restroom this time before getting on the bus.

@@Meanwhile, Morgan was standing around the front of the building waiting for the bus. She was still trying to cozy up next to Mark, and tried to her best to look cute for him. Today she had on a pair of skin tight vintage Levis jeans that looked like they were from the 80's and a pink t-shirt that was just a little too tight. She wasn't quite as curvy as Krista, but still had an amazing figure, with a smaller but very firm and round cute butt, wide hips and B cup breasts. Her straight dirty blonde hair went past her shoulders, framing her beautiful soft face and big brown eyes. Morgan was standing alone when her friend Alison from class came up. Alison looked cute at just 5'2 and petite, with medium length bleach blonde hair and wearing black yoga pants and a white sweatshirt from the university. She cheerily said to Morgan "morning, I thought I would be an especially good friend and bring you a latte this morning." Morgan was happy to have the caffeine "Oh my gosh, you are too sweet!" she said. Morgan already had a small pressure building up in her bladder, but didn't think too much of it yet, and took a big sip.

@@Meanwhile Krista was inside, emptying her bladder before before heading out to the bus. As she exited the bathroom she saw Mark Walking down the hall. Mark gave a smile "oh hey, fancy running into you here" he says playfully to Krista. Krista tucks her silky brown hair behind one of her ears and bashfully looks up at him "oh hey, are excited to see the National Weather Service Station and weather balloons?" Mark is genuinely excited, as they start walking towards the bus together he starts going on "oh I have never actually seen a weather balloon before, I'm actually really pumped to launch one." The two chat away and sit next to each other on the couch bus as they enter. "I find it adorable how excited you are about meteorology" Krista tells him with a giggle, but instantly regrets telling him he's adorable, worried he doesn't feel the same about her. But Mark seems to lean into it "yeah, I am a bit of a nerd when it comes to some of this really." and seems excited that Krista seems into him.

As Morgan sees the two of them walk onto the bus together she gets jealous, wishing she was the one who would be able to cozy up to Mark on the bus. Her friend Alison tried to break the tension "hey, let's sit together on the ride up" she tells Morgan as they join the rest of the class on the bus. As the two sit down Morgan starts to regret not using the bathroom before getting on. She turns to Alison "hey how long is the drive anyways?" Alison tells her "like 45 minutes" Morgan eyes get wide, not realizing how far away it was, now more than a little annoyed that she didn't use the bathroom, but figured she's an adult and she can hold it until they get there. Morgan just crossses her legs and leans back in her chair.

@@After 30 minutes into the ride, Krista is quickly feeling her bladder fill up again as she sips on a water bottle. Despite going to the bathroom just 30 minutes ago, all the coffee she had this morning was refilling her bladder quickly. She taps her heels and starts shifting her butt in her seat. Mark seems to notice "need to pee again?" He whispers to her. Krista's face turns beet red when she realizes she was doing somewhat of a potty dance in her seat. She mumbles out a quiet "I'll be fine." Mark didn't want to embarrass her whispers quietly "I'm sorry, I didn't mean it in a mean way.. I actually wanted to tell you sorry for what happened last month on the first day of class, but it's ok, it happens sometimes." Krista didn't really want to bring up the topic of her wetting herself to her crush, but was at least happy that Mark seemed sympathetic "thanks" Krista said with a forced smile "it's not exactly the best way for a TA to introduce herself to her students." Mark thought about putting a hand on her knee but chickened out, and said "it's really ok, don't be too embarrassed, it happened to me once too in first grade." Krista couldn't help but to smile "that's sweet to share, but really not the same" she said with a slight laugh as she briefly put her hand on his knee. Mark was happy she touched him, and just smiled coyly at her.

After 45 minutes, Morgan started to tightly cross her lights, while lightly bouncing her heel up and down. "I thought you said 45 minutes?" She whispered in annoyed voice to Alison. Alison was a little annoyed too, and said "yeah I thought it was." Alison took out her phone and put the location into google maps. "Oh shit" Alison said, we are still like 45 minutes away. Morgan groaned slightly "you are not serious right." Alison nonchalantly asked Morgan "What's the big deal?" Morgan darted her eyes around and whispered quietly "I have to pee, like bad." Alison smiled "oh, I thought something was up with you. don't worry you can hold it 45 minutes, it's not like your Krista." Morgan just sat back in her chair and didn't respond. She was actually starting to feel bad for how she treated Krista earlier now that she's experiencing what it's like to need a bathroom.

45 minutes later, as the bus pulled up, Morgan's bladder was really starting to affect her. Her legs were firmly crossed in her seat and she was struggling to not do an awkward potty dance in her seat. She was sitting at the back of the bus, and it felt like an eternity to watch everyone get up and get off. Morgan stood up in her seat and sat back down on her heel, trying anything to make her bladder feel a little better.

Meanwhile, Krista takes short, quick steps into the lobby of the weather station. The lobby just looks like a plain office lobby with a handful of chairs, and a couple of locked doors to either side. As Krista she opens the door she immediately starts looking around for a bathroom, but is annoyed when one isn't right there. She doesn't want to start running around screaming for a bathroom, especially not in front of the class she has an accident in front of not long ago. Krista figured she would just ask for a bathroom as soon as someone came to take the group upstairs. She just crossed her legs where she stood, and waited for the class to start filing in.

Morgan is one of the last to enter the building. She puts her hands in the front of her skin-tight light blue Levis and presses her thighs together, bending over just slightly. Her eyes also start darting around the room, and is almost panicked when she realizes there isn't one right there.

@@The head of the weather center walks through the door, a woman in her 40's with shoulder length black hair, who is very attractive for her age, wearing a professional grey suit jacket and dark jeans. Sam the professor shouts out to the class "hey everybody, this is Jessica, she is a researcher here at the weather center. She is going to take us upstairs and show us how they collect the data for the weather balloons and then have you guys try out some of the equipment yourself. So follow us upstairs." Krista was full on shuffling her butt back and forth while standing, worried she is about to have a repeat of her humiliating accident last month. She tapped the professor on his arm and said to him and Jessica "hey guys, I think a few of us could use a bathroom break before we get started, yeah?" Jessica said softly to Krista, "of course" then turned to the whole group and shouted "if anybody needs to use the restroom, it's just up the stairs before we get into the lab. Krista felt an intense wave of pressure inside her, she bent forward slightly and bent her knees in, fighting to keep from leaking into her pink thong and jeans. Thankfully, she was able to cut it off before she released it. But she knew she couldn't make the same mistakes as last time, she needed to get to a bathroom and now. She just nodded her head at Jessica and Sam and marched upstairs.

Behind the rest of the 25 person class was Morgan, who now stopped making chit chat with anyone and was focusing on her bladder. Her legs were crossed as she stood, and she kept shuffling her cute toned butt side to side. Morgan did a head count of all the people there, and based on how long the trip was knew there would be a line. Her bladder was so full that it was painful, and thought to herself she needed to make sure she was one of the first to use the bathroom.

@@Krista was the first to get to the top of the stairs, it was a circular corridor in the office-style building. her eyes darted around, she saw a hallway that led another set of rooms, the lab to her right and one other door. She wasn't dancing, rather she was stiff as a board, while slightly bent over at the waist as she was searching for the bathroom. Jessica was right behind her and said plainly "bathroom is right there" as she pointed to the door. Just then, Krista felt another wave of pressure. She stood up tall, arching slightly back as she focused all of her energy on stopping the flow. She felt just a drop of warm pee hit her panties. Her eyes went wide and face red as she worried about a repeat of last month. She was able to cut it off though, and walked as quickly as she could to the single-stall bathroom. When she got inside, she knew from experience to not relax yet, and keep fighting back the pressure as she got her pants down. She quickly but carefully pulled her tight jeans down. As she did, she accidentally let go of another small spurt of hot pee into her pink thong. She flung her panties down and plopped her voluptuous butt on the toilet, and before she was even settled started peeing full force into the bowl. She was ecstatic and relieved that she made it in time as she emptied her bladder for what felt like 5 minutes. After her bladder emptied she took a deep breath in, but when she reached down to pull her pants back up, exhaled heavily as she realized that her panties were pretty wet. "Fuck" she mumbled to herself, "I can't believe I wet my panties again." Thankfully her jeans were dry this time, but she didn't want to risk her damp panties leaving a stain on her jeans. She took her pants all the way off, then peeled off her wet panties, rolled them up in a bunch of paper towels and hid them at the bottom of the waste basket, then put on her jeans again without any underwear. This is all took longer than she realized, because she heard a knock at the door and a girl say "excuse me, but there is a line out here, if you could finish up when you can." Krista was a little embarrassed she took so long. She gave herself a look in the mirror, her jeans looked good, and she walked out with confidence.

@@As Krista walked out Morgan was in a desperate state. She was starting to sweat, and there were 4 other people in front of her line for the bathroom. Morgan was constantly moving one knee up and in, then the other and shuffling her hips back and forth. Her friend Alison took notice "You doing ok there Morgan? Alison she said in a sarcastic tone. Morgan wasn't amused though and whispered "I really, really have to pee." Alison gave a slight smile and said "hey, I have an idea." Alison led Morgan up to Jessica and asked "hey, the line is a little long, we might be able to speed this up if we could use another bathroom?" Jessica felt a little bad about the line that had formed and told the girls "yeah, of course, if you walk down that hallway, then take a left, at the end of that hallway there is another cooridor similar to this one with another bathroom." It was a huge building and that would have been a 3 minute walk, and Morgan really didn't want to have to go all that way, but also didn't want to embarrass herself and make a fuss and just politely thanked her. Morgan was having trouble walking normally, swaying her butt back and forth more than usual, and taking quick but tiny steps, trying to keep her aching bladder at bay. Once the two got to the end of the first hallway and turned a corner Morgan immediately grabbed her crotch with both hands, trying to ease the pressure. Alison actually found her friends predicament a little funny and joked "don't turn into Krista and pee your pants, especially in those jeans." Morgan didn't find the comment funny though and just kept on speed walking to the end of the hall. When Morgan spotted the bathroom she basically sprinted and put her full bodyweight into the door to open it, but it wouldn't budge. She pulled harder and banged on the door, but it was locked. As she realized the situatio nshe felt a wave of pee force it's way to the edge of her pee hole. Morgan double over and buried both hands in her crotch, thankfully not releasing any pee into her white cotton panties and jeans. Alison couldn't help but be somewhat amused at her friend's desperation, but also felt bad for her and said "this is a joke, let's just go back to the other bathroom and you can cut in line." Morgan was starting to get scared that might actually have an accident in front of her college class, but at this point all she could do was rush back to the other bathroom and pray she could hold on.

@@Back at the other bathroom area, Krista was feeling good with her bladder now empty. Mark came up to her and said with a coy smile "so, as a Teacher Assistant are you going to give me a little hands on training with the weather balloons in there." Krista was happy to be a little flirty with him, he was only one year younger and didn't mind the attention. As she made conversation with Mark she saw the last person leave the stall. At the same time Morgan and Alison got back to the area. Krista, not realizing that they didn't actually use the bathroom, went up to Jessica and her professor and told them "it looks like everyone's ready." Sam the professor shouted out "hey guys, if you follow us, we are going to cut through this lab here and go out to a patio area where we are going to show you how to set up and release the weather balloons. After the demonstration we'll have each of you show us that you know how it works, this is one of the essential skills needed for this class, so you will need to show us you understand it in order to pass." As the class started to move to the next area, Morgan started heading for the bathroom. Krista put a hand on her shoulder though and said "come on, the doors lock automatically so we all have to go at the same time." Morgan whispered to Krista "I just need to use the bathroom." Krista was still angry and held resentment towards Morgan, and said in a condescending way "you can hold it." and gave a forced smile. Because of their history, Morgan didn't want to admit how bad she needed to pee and embarrass herself, and made the mistake of following her outside. Krista would have felt bad about it if she actually knew Morgan was on the verge of wetting herself, but instead just thought of it as a little bit of karma.

Outside, there were 3 rows of folding chairs outside, all facing towards a field where they would release the weather balloons. Krista sat up front, facing the rest of the class. Morgan, Alison and Mark were all sitting next to each other in the back, With Morgan sort of in the middle of the aisle. Jessica started going over how to set up and release the weather balloons. As she was talking, Krista noticed that Morgan was sitting with her legs held extremely tight together, and furiously tapping her foot.

@@Morgan was in a lot of pain now, she never had to pee so bad in her entire life. After that latte, a lot of water and close to 4 hours without a bathroom, she was on the vege of an accident. "Why the hell would they lock the door back to the building" Morgan thought to herself. The only way she could get back inside was to make a big scene, and ask Jessica to stop her lecture and unlock the door. As the lectured rambled on about Morgan felt an immense wave of pressure push forward against her pee hole. With her thighs pushed together tight, she felt her bladder relax. She closed her eyes and bit her lip as she felt the warm pee trickle out of her. Morgan peed for about 5 seconds before she could regain control. But even after she stopped peeing, she could feel her Levis getting damp and heavy in her butt and warm pee started to travel down the back of her thighs. She instinctively uncrossed her legs and opened her thighs and looked down and whimpered slightly as she saw a hand sized pee statin on her crotch, but she could feel that it was even wetter on her butt. Her friend Alison looked over and her jaw dropped "oh my god Morgan!" She whispered loudly. Morgan felt her face turn white and she snapped her neck to Alison and quietly mumbled "shut up." Mark turned towards the two of them and whispered "what is going on?" Alison motioned her eyes down to Morgan crotch. Mark's eyes went wide too as he now saw the pee stain on her levis. Morgan just whispered again "just shut up guys.. shut up." Alison whispered to Morgan "did you seriously just piss your pants?"

The professor Sam noticed the commotion and called out to them loudly "hey guys, try to keep quiet. Thanks." Alison said "sorry" , and As the class looked back at them, Morgan slammed her thighs shut and crossed her legs, trying to hide her pee stain from the group." As Krista looked back she couldn't believe what she thought she saw. She couldn't get a good view of her crotch with Morgan's legs crossed, but it looked like her jeans were in the butt and back of her thigh. "she couldn't have wet herself, could she?" Krista thought to herself. Despite how Morgan treated her after her accidents, she knew how humiliating it was to pee yourself in public, and started to feel bad for Morgan.

@@Morgan couldn't see how bad the damage was while she was sitting, but could feel her entire butt and back of her thighs were wet. She knew that if she stood up, the whole class would see she started to have a little accident. With her heart beating fast, she thought her best course of action would be to try to hold the rest in, stay in back, and hope that it dries before anyone notices. But she was truly in distress knowing how much of a challenge that would be. Jessica finished up explaining the weather balloons, and Morgan hadn't listened to a word of it, focusing only on her screaming bladder. She called out "ok, who wants to go first and show me they can set up and send one of these balloons off. How about you in the back in the pink t-shirt? Morgan winced "FUCK!" she thought to herself, "what am I going to do now." As Jessica motioned for her to come up. Morgan was just red faced in the back, sitting with her legs crossed, she squeaked out "umm, can I use the bathroom first?" Jessica didn't grasp that Morgan was literally in the middle of an accident, and nonchalantly said "you can go in a minute, this won't take long." Morgan just sat in her chair and said in a shaky voice "please, I really need to powder my nose." As soon as those words left her mouth, Morgan couldn't' hold it anymore. She felt a torrent of hot pee force it's way out of her. With her legs crossed while sitting, the pee soaked her jeans, spreading on her crotch and upper thighs, and then flowing down towards her butt. It instantly started to pool on her seat, being absorbed into the fabric of her folding chair, and trickling down to the pavement. Jessica didn't realize Morgan was peeing her pants right then and there, but also didn't want to be mean to a student and told her "alright, I'll come and unlock the door, hold on a second." As Jessica started looking for keys and walking back to the door, Alison, Mark and Krista all started to notice that Morgan was peeing full force into her tight jeans. Krista could not take her eyes off the pretty blonde, as she saw the piss stain travel all across her lap while sitting, and pee running off the edge of her seat. Mark and Alison both inched away and starred down at her. They didn't say anything, not wanting to call attention to the fact that their friend was wetting herself. Morgan had tears start to form in her eyes as she continued peeing, for what was in reality 60 seconds, but felt like an eternity. She could feel her butt was soaking wet, and it now spread down to her knees on the back of her thighs, and had a dinner plate sized stain on the front of her crotch. She was still sitting cross legged, hoping the position would block the view of her accident from the rest of the class. Jessica walk past Morgan and started to unlock the door "well, are you coming?" Jessica asked somewhat annoyed. With all eyes on her, Morgan didn't want to stand up. But she had no idea what to do in the situation. As she stood, the class all gasped and giggled. Alison whispered loudly "oh my god Morgan, look at your butt." The blood rushed from Morgan's face as she realized how bad it was. Her light colored jeans were completely soaked. Her sitting with her legs crossed made for a somewhat odd wetting pattern. Her crotch was started at her pee-hole, but traveled up and to the left, but wasn't wet on her legs in the front. Her perky butt was wet in a huge circular pattern, then between her legs and the back of her thighs soaked about halfway to her knees. Krista looked at Morgan sympathetically, knowing how she felt. Morgan just stood in shock with tears forming in her eyes as the entire class stared at her. Some of them were laughing, some gawking, her crush Sam just looked out in the distance pretending not to notice, her good friend Alison was openly giggling at her. Jessica felt terrible for the college girl "oh sweetie, I am so sorry, I didn't realize. Come on let's get you cleaned up.

@@Morgan just silently followed Jessica, who led her into the bathroom. Morgan sat on the toilet, dabbing at her jeans with a paper towel, but it was useless. After a few minutes she heard a knock at the door. She shouted out "someone's in here!" She heard the voice of Krista "hey, it's me Krista, can I come in." That was last person Morgan expected, but she pulled up her jeans and cracked open the door to see Krista. Krista looked at her sympathetically "can I come in?" Krista asked softly. Morgan let her in and closed the door behind them "what do you want?" She said in an upset voice. Krista tried to be sympathetic "I know, we haven't been the best of friends, but I know how you feel, trust me." Morgan accepted her help "what do I do now" and gestured towards her wet jeans, "do you think this will dry before we head back?" Krista said softly "I hate to say it but I don't think they will." Morgan said "what the hell do I do then." Krista held up a sweatshirt from the National Weather Service and said "I'm sorry, I looked and there aren't really any other pants around here, but I got this sweatshirt you can tie around your waist for the drive back?" Morgan snatched it out of Krista's hand and said "well, it's better than nothing." Krista looked off to the side "can I tell you a little secret?" Morgan listened intently before Krista continued "I sort of wet my panties earlier and had to throw them out." Morgan smiled slightly "really" Krista continued "yeah, I had to throw my panties out in the trash" Morgan looked sheepishly at Krista "thanks for being so nice to me, especially after I was so awful to you." Krista smiled at Morgan "yeah, you were, but people grow, and I've been in your shoes before." Morgan and Krista hugged for a second and Morgan asked "so what does peeing your pants in front of a class do you your social life?" Krista just smiled "not as bad as you might expect, plus when you're hot as we are guys couldn't give 2 shits." Morgan and Krista both had a slight laugh, before walking out of the bathroom together.

*008*2023-05-28 00:41

{{2 hours ago, imo obsessor said:

That was amazing. Part 3?

}}

I might do a part 3. Anywhere you would like the story to go? I don't have any ideas right now, and when I do it takes me a couple days to write another chapter.

*016*2023-06-10 18:18

So I started writing the next chapter, but it is getting a little long. Here is the first half, and I'm still working on the second half. I'm trying something new and put in a couple links to photos for what the characters look like and are dressed like, but the story ready fine if you prefer to just use your imagination. Let me know what you think and where you'd like the story to head in the second half of the next chapter...

@@Tina knocked quietly on her roommate Krista's door and said "hey I need your opinion on something, can I come in?" Krista was getting ready for their double date that night with Mark and his friend Jason. The semester was finally over, and on the last day of class Mark got the nerve to ask out the teaching assistant. "Yeah, of course come on in" Krista told Tina happily. Tina was still getting ready and was just very casually in yoga pants and a purple sports bra with a matching short hoodie. She had an amazing curvy body, with thick thighs and butt on a shorter 5'3 frame. She also had silky long brunette hair and beautiful brown eyes that made her a total knockout. (like this postimg.cc/mcH6JXFC) Krista said someone sheepishly "If I try on an outfit for tonight, can you give me your honest opinion if it works or not." Krista told her nonchalantly "of course I will" Tina has always been a little self conscious because of her bladder issues. Because of some nerve damage when she was born, there was only a 2 minute difference between when she realized she had to pee, and she started peeing. Because of that, she constantly had accidents. It's so bad that she can't even get away with a Depend or a pull-up style diaper because they leaked so much, and at the age of 22 had to wear a thicker tape-on diaper to make sure she didn't leak. When it came to dating her condition always made her uncomfortable, especially when it came to finding outfits that hid her diapers, while still trying to show off her incredibly curvy figure.

@@Tina came back wearing tight jeans a pink ribbed top "ok, be 100% honest" does my butt look good in these or does it look like I'm wearing a diaper."(like this postimg.cc/0693hdPN) Krista looked at her friend "ok, JUST because I know what you're wearing, I can KIND of tell you're wearing a diaper, but I don't think 99.9% of people would ever guess that looking at you. If you wear a long sweater I guarantee you'll be fine, and if not, no one would think 'diaper' they would just think you have a big butt" Krista told her. Tina sighed a little "oh great, my date may or may not realize I'm wearing an adult diaper and just think I have a fat ass." Krista looked at her with an eye roll "stop, seriously you look hot. If you're that worried, again, just wear that long cardigan to cover your butt, but you can still see you have that crazy hourglass figure of yours from the front." Tina seemed assured "ok if you say so, I guess that will work." Tina then looked her friend Krista up and down, "but next to you I look like frumpy troll." Krista was wearing skin tight white jeans and a black tank top (like this postimg.cc/Ff7TcPxw). She smiled "let's just say we are both hot" she told Tina.

@@When the two of them arrived at the bar, Mark and his friend Jason were already sitting down at a booth. They stood up as they saw the girls. Mark reached out his arms awkwardly "wow, you look seriously incredible" he said as the two of them did a distant awkward hug for their first date. Jason, who was a muscular guy and a 5'11 frame with short blonde hair, looked his date up and down and was now a little nervous after seeing how beautiful his date was in person. Jason awkwardly stammered out "hey, it's nice to finally meet you in person." The two of them had texted a couple of times after Krista and Mark set up the double date but had never met before. Tina smiled warmly at him thinking he was cute too "yeah, it's great to meet you too." Both the girls and boys sat across from each other at the table. Jason tried to break the ice by saying "so I'll keep it 100, I facebook stalked you a little bit before tonight, and am pleasantly surprised that you look better in person." Tina gave a genuinely laugh at him, brushed her hair behind her ear "thanks for being honest, I'll be honest too and say I did the same... and feel the same" She said as she blushed.

@@Tina felt a little pressure in her bladder. With the way her body works, she knew that in about 2 minutes her bladder would feel like it's going to explore, and an accident would be soon after. Her eyes wandered over to the sign that said "ladies" and wanted to sprint over there, but Krista was in the middle of asking everyone how they knew each other and Tina didn't want to run out in the middle of that conversation and embarrass herself on a date. She crossed her thick legs under the table and hoped the answers would be quick. Mark spoke up "well, Jason and I have been friends for a couple years now, and Krista and I met in class." Jason then turned to Krista "oh, are you in that meteorology class too? is it true what my friend told me, that Morgan literally peed her pants on a field trip, and just a month before that apparently the teaching assistant peed on herself in front of EVERYONE. Like that has to be just a bunch of rumors right?" Krista took in a deep breath, but figured she'd own it "ummm, soooo, I was the TA actually, and yep.. I had a little accident in class.. and then Morgan did a few weeks later... totally true." She told Jared as she pursed her lips together and gave an awkward up and down head nod. Jared felt very awkward not knowing Krista was in fact the notorious TA that peed her pants. "I'm sorry... I didn't realize, hey accidents happen though" He mumbled out to Krista. Meanwhile Tina's bladder rapidly filled up during the story, and she was tensing her thigh muscles with all her strength and tapping her foot. Tina felt a little bad that her date accidentally made the table uncomfortable and said to him "hey, maybe make it up to us and buy us a beer?" Jared jumped at the chance "absolutely" he said with a smile. With her bladder now in pain Tina saw this as a good time to hopefully run to the bathroom and keep her diaper dry. Krista knew her friend Tina so well she could tell just by looking at the way her thighs were wrapped around each other that she was on the verge of an accident. She knew she was about to spring to the bathroom and decided to join her. Krista said to Jared and Mark "Order me a Blue Moon. I'm going to head to the bathroom, so I don't have a repeat of last time." She said with a laugh. Tina said "I'll join you, order me one too." As Krista stood up, he noticed Jason give a very quick glance at her butt in those tight white pants and then look away. She got a little jealous, but didn't hold it against him, she knew it would be hard for any guy not to look. She just wished she could show off her butt like that and not hide it under an adult diaper and a long cardigan. Instead, as she shuffled out of the booth she felt her bladder give out and release. She tried to cut it off, but it was no use. She could feel her tape-on diaper start to fill with warm pee and swell for a couple seconds before she cut off the flow. She had practice keeping her composure in these situations and knew it was best to just slowly walk to the bathroom and try her best not to make a face. It wasn't a constant stream, instead her bladder released short intense bursts with each step as she walked to the bathroom. Her diaper getting warmer and heavier with each step until she pushed the door into the bathroom. There was only a single stall and Krista went inside first without asking. Tina hated that this was her situation, but knew she couldn't hold it, and simply just let go and released the rest of her bladder into her diaper, and went to touch up her make-up until Krista came out.

When Krista came out she said "So I actually think it's going ok, and Jason is super cute, don't you think?" Krista was a little shy when she said "oh yeah, he's super cute I really like him a lot." Krista could sense something was off though "is everything ok?" She asked Tina. Tina looked around and said quietly "no, he really is great and I like him, but I just had a little accident." Krista tried to not make a big deal of it "oh that's ok, no one will ever know, you have spares on you right?" Tina nodded her head and went into the stall. Peeling off her tight jeans and hanging them up, then taking off her tape off diaper, and taping on a new one while standing. When she walked out Krista was playing with her hair in the mirror. "all good?" Krista asked her. "yeah, we're all good" Tina replied, sprayed a spritz of perfume on, slid it back into her purse and they went to rejoin the boys.

@@The beers were waiting for them when they got back. "We also ordered a giant pretzel for the table" Mark said as the girls sat down. "Perfect" Tina said as she smiled at Jason "So what are you majoring in? you're a senior too right?" Jason said cheerfully "yeah, I'm a senior and majoring in Bio-chemical engineering" Tina seemed impressed "oooh, smarty pants are we?" She said playfully. Jason played coy "it's just the area I was interested in really, what are you majoring in?" Tina leaned in "I am a marketing major, which is boring compared to yours" Jason replied "no, not at all, that sounds really cool actually." The waitress came over with their giant pretzel, and as she set it down, the large cheese dip slipped off the tray and splattered all over Tina's sweater. "oh my gosh, I am so so so sorry" the server told her. Tina was exhaled, both embarrassed and annoyed "it, it's ok, it was an accident." The waitress felt terrible "Is there anything I can do to help, I can try to clean it for you in the back or?" Tina forced a smile "no it's ok really" she said as she started taking her sweater off. The server told the table "as an apology the pretzel is on the house, again I am so sorry, just let me know if I can do anything." As the server left Jason told Tina "well, at least it's warm out anyways." Tina tried to laugh but was really pissed about what happened and told him "well, that's something I guess."

@@The four of them carried on drinking, laughing and flirting for the next hour. Mark said to the girls "so, I was thinking we might go check out that new escape room they just opened up. Krista and Tina thought that sounded like fun. Krista said "sure, but we walked here from our apartment, could you guys give us a ride?" Mark smiled and told them "yeah, of course are you guys ready now?" Krista finished off her second beer "sure just let me run to the bathroom one more time." Tina didn't feel any pressure in her bladder, but knowing her history thought she would try to go to and keep her diaper dry. When Tina stood up, it was the first time she remembered why she wore the sweater in the first place, and worried that her butt was now in full view of her date while wearing tight jeans. She did a quick walk to the bathroom, trying to get out of view as fast at possible. While Krista was emptying her bladder from the two beers, Tina couldn't stop looking at herself in the mirror. When Krista came out Tina instantly asked "tell me the truth how bad is it, you said you could tell earlier that I was wearing a, you know...?" Krista looked at her curvy backside in those tight jeans and reassured Tina "don't worry I PROMISE, the guys will not know you're wearing a diaper. Tina then lifted up her pink shirt and pulled her jeans down slightly "what do I do about the waistband, what if I bend over or something and it pops out." Krista thought for a second "can you tuck your shirt in?" Tina stuffed her shirt into her jeans and did a semi twirl "better?" she asked Krista. Krista said "better, honestly tucking your shirt in just gives you a more defined waist anyways, you look great, now let's just go have fun as the escape room." Tina looked at Krista "promise you can't tell?" Krista's honest opinion was that she could faintly tell her butt was puffier, but didn't think anyone else would notice and certainly didn't want to tell Tina that. Krista told her confidently "trust me, you're butt looks amazing I guarantee you Jason can't tell, and if he's staring, it's just because he thinks you're cute." Tina took a deep breath and nodded her head "ok, let me just try to pee first then and we can go." Despite the beers, Tina didn't feel the need to go though and wasn't able to push anything out. Despite peeing almost every hour, Tina's nerve damage made it difficult for her to go on cue, and despite the fact that her bladder was somewhat full she couldn't push it out." As she exited the stall she took one more look at her butt in the mirror before heading to the escape room.

@@Mark drove the four them in his small Toyota. Krista and Mark sat up front, while Jason and Tina sat in the back. Despite peeing just moments ago, that beer did a number on Krista, and she already started to feel just the faintest pinch in her bladder. In the back seat, as soon she buckled up Tina felt the urge to go "fuck" Tina thought to herself, but didn't want to ask to stop after going to the bathroom just moments ago. Tina she sat with her thighs clenched together and tried to distract herself. "So how far is this escape room?" Tina asked to no one in particular. Mark answered "it's not too bad just about 20 minutes away" Hearing the news Tina clenched her thighs together and prayed she could make it that long, but in just a few moments her bladder went from 'kinda needing to go' to on the verge of being painful. Krista crossed her legs as well, she felt a need to go, but it wasn't dire at the moment. "so I've never done an escape room" Tina said to Mark "how does it work?" Mark explained "so this is a super elaborate one. The theme is that each room is a different time period and you have to solve a puzzle or task in each room before moving onto the next one." As Mark was talking, Tina felt a wave of pressure build up in her bladder. She tapped her foot furiously, but she realized it was no use with her condition. She simply relaxed a little and her bladder fully gave out. For about 20 seconds Tina could do nothing but stare out the window as she felt her diaper fill up with warm pee beneath her and swell up. Thankfully the highway was somewhat noisy, because otherwise the boys might have heard her have an accident. Here she was, sitting next to a cute guy on a date in a wet diaper and an outfit that was not great at concealing extra bulk. She just hoped the accident didn't make her diaper swell too much and make it noticeable under her tight jeans.

@@When the group arrived at the escape room it was much larger than any escape room they had seen before, it was a huge building with a full bar, and a board that laid out several different courses. They were greeted by a pretty redhead in black yoga pants and a black polo with the company name on it "hey guys can I help you?" she greeted them warmly. Mark spoke up "yeah, we were interested in doing the XL escape room." The redhead said "good, you're timing is perfect. A group just finished up one of courses so I can book you guys for the 7:00 pm slot starting right now, would you like to follow me? Tina spoke up shyly "actually I could use a restroom before we start" The redhead told Tina "of course, there is a bathroom right over there, it's just a single stall so don't worry about it being men's or women's" The redhead then turned to the rest of the group "do the rest of you want to come with me to the bar area where I'll explain the rules." Krista was also in need of a bathroom pretty bad at this point, but felt embarrassed telling her date she needed to go again after just going at the bar, and against her better judgement went with them to the bar area. The redhead said "feel free to order a drink, and when she gets back I can go over the rules." Mark turned to Krista and said "do you want a beer?" Krista was worried about what yet another beer would do to her bladder, but didn't want to seem like a lightweight and smiled at Mark "I'd love one." The two boys went over to the bar and got four beers for the group.

@@Meanwhile in the bathroom, Tina peeled off her tight jeans and hung them up, getting ready to change her already wet tape-on diaper. When she went into her purse though she realized it smelled like her perfume "fuuuuck" she whispered to herself as she realized that her perfume bottle didn't close and leaked all over everything in her bag. She took out her last remaining diaper and it reeked of perfume, and was soaking wet. "What the hell do I do now" She thought to herself, if she changed into that diaper she would smell like an entire bottle of perfume, and is already wetter than her current diaper. Tina couldn't cut the date short now, especially because it was going so well. She took a deep breathe in and thought "well, my diapers usually hold two wettings, I guess I'll be fine for a little while longer" and she pulled up her jeans and tucker in her shirt. She took a look at herself in the mirror, now that her diaper was wet her butt did seem a little bigger "god damn it, you can totally tell my butt looks weird" she thought to herself. But as Krista said, no one's first thought would be "diaper" if they saw her and convinced herself that no one would know.

@@When Tina joined the rest of the group, Jason handed her a beer "I guessed your order while you were away." Tina really didn't want to fill up her bladder more, but didn't want to be rude and said "oh perfect you are such a gentleman" and took a sip. The read then came up to the group "ok, guys have you ever been here before?" She asked, and everyone said they hadn't "ok, if you're familiar with an escape room, it's basically a series of puzzles of tasks you need to complete to get a key and get out of the room. This however is a little bigger and more involved, which is why we call it an XL escape room. There are three rooms you'll go through, and there are puzzles, but some may be a little more involved then what you see at other rooms. You can get a drink here at the bar and bring it with you as well. There are panic buttons in each room in case of an emergency, but if you press it you cannot come back in. And there is a two hour clock to complete all 3 rooms. Any questions?" Both Tina and Krista were thinking the same thing, they worried their weak bladders wouldn't last 2 hours without a chance of using the bathroom, but both wanted to be team players and not say anything. Krista spoke up, "yeah sounds like fun" The redhead lead the group down the hall to the first room, Krista desperately wanted to ask for the bathroom but felt very awkward stopping everyone again and just went along with everyone.

@@to be continued...

*018*2023-06-11 13:31

{{8 hours ago, Kate95 said:

Excellent as always!!!

"Let me know what you think and where you'd like the story to head in the second half of the next chapter..." I consider you have best imagination about these characters so you would write the best)

But do you propose several options for we can choose continuation?

}}

I have a rough outline where Tina's diaper would leak and the guys would notice, but be supportive and Krista would barely make it. But now I'm thinking maybe Krista wets herself and Tina doesn't leak, but Jason is suspicious of her diaper? Or maybe reverse it and have one of the guys have an accident? I'm open to suggestions

*021*2023-06-23 00:18

Here is the rest of the chapter. Let me know what you think of the image attachments and anywhere you'd like to see the story go from here.

@@The group walked inside the first escape room, and were surprised by how large it was. It was themed like a ancient Roman archery range, with stacks of hay, a weapons rack, and four targets hanging above the door. "oh my gosh, this is so cool" said Krista as she walked in. The game was a nice distraction, but she was definitely feeling her bladder start to rapidly fill up. Tina took the whole room in "hmm, so what's the first clue?" Tina said to the group. Mark saw a bow in the corner with a piece of paper on it "hey guys, I think this is a clue. Mark started reading out loud "to find the arrow look to the loving god that has wings but is not a bird, has a a bow and arrow but is not Robin Hood, they may look like a baby but does not wear a diaper." Krista froze in her place and looked like a deer in the headlines when Mark read "diaper" as part of the clue. Jason had a puzzled smirk on his face "What? we have to find a god in a diaper? Mark corrected him "no a god baby NOT in a diaper" he said. Jason joked back "oh that makes more sense, so I DON'T have to go around looking for an adult diaper." Tina just stood in silence, moving her hands down to her butt, trying to reassure herself that nobody knows she's wearing a diaper. Krista shot Tina a look as to say "don't worry you're fine" as the boys talked, Krista then interjected "Oh cupid! duh. Isn't one of those small statues over there cupid?" Both the boys collectively said "ooooh" and Mark continued "damn, my date is smart" as they went to go check out the statue.

@@Krista looked at the statue for a second, then realized the base flipped open, and saw an arrow "got it!" she yelled out "what do I do now?" Tina tried to have fun with the group and forget about her wet diapered butt in tight jeans on full display without her sweater "oh, I think we need to shoot that target above the door with a bow." Krista grabbed the bow, but as she planted her feet and stopped, realized how full her bladder was. She had to concentrate to not stand there and do a potty dance in her front of her date. Mark said to Krista "have you ever shot one of those before?" Krista shook her head no and Mark continued "I've done it a couple times want some help?" Krista gave him a flirty little smile "show me" she said. Mark went behind Krista and held her hands and moved them on the bow "here your hands go here." Just then Krista felt a twinge in her bladder, she thrusted her hips back and lifted her knee up. Thankfully she didn't leak any into her green cotton panties or white jeans, but when she jerked around she accidentally grinded her butt onto Mark's crotch. Krista turned to him "sorry, I lost my footing I didn't mean to do that" she said embarrassed. Mark just smiled "I I, didn't mind" he said nervously, secretly loving the fact that he felt her toned ass presss against his body. Tina knew that awkward movement, and that her friend was getting desperate for a bathroom. Part of her was worried from her friend, another part of her was a little jealous,knowing that if she was in that situation she would be worried about Jason feeling her diaper beneathe her jeans. Mark continued to show Krista where to place her feet and hands then stepped back "ok let go" he said. As Krista fired the arrow it was a little weak, but stuck to the target. A large iron weapons cabinet that the group thought was just a prop then unlocked and became ajar after the target was hit. Krista brought the bow up and blew on it like a gun sarcastically "just comes naturally I guess." She said before giggling. Mark gave a little chuckle. Jason chimed in "oh cool, it must be a pressure sensor or something." He went to the weapons cabinet and saw it was several different parts to midevil weapons. Tina looked at the cabinet "I think we're supposed to try to assembly these or something?" Jason said "I think you're right, here let's move all the pieces out to get a better look at them." Tina grabbed a few pieces and brought them out to the room, bending over and sprawling them out. As Tina bent over Jason took a glance at her butt. For a second, he thought something looked a little off, and the bottom part of her butt looked a little puffy.

@@As Krista looked at the pieces on the floor, she had trouble standing as she felt a constant pressure in her bladder. She stood with her legs tightly crossed, swaying her hips side to gently, now a little worried she wouldn't be able to last for the two hours escape challege. The group of four all worked together for the next few minutes to assembly the pieces into a few different midevil weapons. "Done!" Mark called out as they finished. Krista forced a smile, but her bladder was now painful, and it took all her will to not shove her hands into her crotch. Tina looked around the room "so what now?" she asked the group. Mark looked around and noticed that the statues were all seemingly missing something from their hands. "I think they go with the statues, what if we place them with their right statue and see what happens?" Tina responded "look who the smarts pants is now" in a flirty way, now more and more infatuated with her date. The boys both grabbed a weapon. There was one more on the ground, Krista didn't want to grab it, just wanting to focus all her energy on her bladder and escape without embarrassing herself "god, do I need to push the panic button" Krista thought to herself "no, that's just as embarrassing, he already knows I wet myself in class, I can't run out after the first room. I'm sure if I distract myself I'll be fine, and if it gets really bad I'll press it" Krista thought. Tina took a look at Krista and could tell her bladder was bothering her by the way she was wiggling around. She grabbed the last piece herself and brought it to the statue. "oh cool, they're all magnetic!" Jason shouted out. Once the pieces were with their right statues, a trap door open up in the middle of the room. Jason thought about giving Tina a hug in the moment, but decided it wasn't time yet. Instead he put up his hands to give Tina a high five "nice job!" he said to her. Tina gave him a high five "look, that is probably the next piece of the puzzle. Tina walked over to the now open slot in floor. For a second, she forget she was wearing a diaper and was just happy to have fun and flirt with her date. She got on her knees and over to look in the trap door, and saw a key at the bottom of it "it's a key, I got it!" she shouted. When she reached in to grab it, her shirt got untucked from her jeans. Jason' eyes looked down at Tina's curvy backside, and saw the the poofy white waistband of her diaper sticking out an inch over the top of her jeans. (like this https://postimg.cc/YG9PCr4K

@@) His eyes went wide and he thought to himself "That can't be a diaper right? holy shit I think it might be." But he didn't know for sure, and certaintly didn't want to embarrass Tina and bring it up to her, and just shifted his eyes away quickly. When Tina stood back up, she realized her shirt got untucked. She frantically shoved it back into her jeans "oh god, oh god, he didn't see anything, he didn't see anything" She said to herself, praying that this isn't the way Jason learns she has incontinence. Tina saw Jason looking away, while Mark and Krista wre looking towards the door "ok, I'm in the clear I think" she thought to herself." Jason tried to get the fact that he just saw he diaper out of his head "does ma' lady want to do the honors" he said gesturing to the door. Tina rolled her eyes 'you are such a dork" she said and playfully touched his arm. As Tina unlocked the door, Krista felt a wave of pressure overtake her. She slammed her thighs shut and puther palms on her thighs, trying to fight back the pressure. Thankfully she was able to keep any pee from coming out, but knew that she wouldn't be able to last too much longer after all those beers.

@@The next room they entered was a haunted looking library from the 1800's with walls of books, and sliding ladders to reach them all. There were also 4 paintings of famous authors on the walls, all seemingly looking off to the side. When Krista entered she started scanning the room for the panic button, worried that she would have another accident. But the date was going so well and everyone was having fun, so she was hesitant to press it unless absolutely necessary. Tina looked at the room "ok, I'll be honest, I'm lost on this one" she said. Jason said, "well it probably has something to do with those paintings." Krista stood with her legs tightly crossed and said calmly "maybe we should look for the books with all of those authors?" Mark said 'oh, that's a good idea. How about me and Krista take Charles Dickens, and you guys take another one?" Mark then turned to Krista "it looks like Dickens is high up there, do you want to get on the ladder and I'll push?" Krista was nervous that the movement on the ladder would and the inability to cross her legs would make her now painful bladder situation worse "no, I actually have a little fear of heights.." She said with a head tilt, but was actually not at all afraid of heights. Mark replied with a smile "that's actually kinda cute, don't worry, I'll go up there and you can push me around." Krista gestured for him to get up the ladder. As Mark stepped up, Krista crossed her legs tightly and bent over, putting a lot of weight on the ladder. Her bladder was screaming, but the position at least helped for now. "okay" Krista thought to herself, "after this next phase I'll have to run to the bathroom."

Meanwhile, Tina started climbing a ladder on the other side of the room. She said to Jason "OK, Edgar Allen Poe, I think it's on the top shelf." As she started climbing the ladder, she realized she was giving Jason a perfect view of her ass in a wet diaper under tight jeans, and began to worry, but at this point it was too late to do anything about it. God how she hated that server for spilling on her sweater earlier. Jason shouted "any luck?" Tina called down "give me a second, I'm looking." While on the ladder, Tina started to feel the need to pee "oh god, not now, not again" she thought to herself. Her diaper was already wet, and was terrified of another accident and a possible leak. She figured her best best to escape without embarrassing herself was to do her best to not wet anymore, and if she did just hope her diaper would hold up.

Meanwhile, Krista was at the bottom of her ladder waiting for Mark to find it. She was still bent over slightly with her legs crossed when she felt a wave of pressure overtake her. Krista held her breath and clenched her muscles, but felt just the tiniest pee drop escape her, dampening her panties before she could cut if off. Krista learned her lesson before, there was no way she was going to have another accident in front of Mark. She called up "hey Mark, could you come down for a second." Mark was a little confused "ugh, yeah, I guess" and started making his way down. Krista tucked her hair behind her ear and whispered "this is a little embarrassing but I really need to use the bathroom and think I may need to dip out." Mark felt bad for Krista and tried to be sympathetic "yeah, when you gotta go, you gotta go" he said, feeling kind of like an idiot for saying that. Krista forced a smile "thanks" she said, and made very short steps to the red panic button, and pressed it.

@@Mark was standing next to her as the redhead opened the door "hey guys, you know the rules, if you leave now you can't come back." Krista turned to Mark and said "sorry, it's an emergency" And then took quick steps to the bathroom. Mark followed her out the door. After closing the door behind her she felt another little spurt of pee rush out of her, damping her panties even more. She froze in her tracks and slammed both hands down to her crotch, cutting off the flow. Krista turned around with a beet red face, realizing Mark saw the whole thing. Krista took very small, quick steps and just high-tailed it to the bathroom. She flung open the cubicle door, and yanked down her tight white pants and panties in one motion before releasing a torrent into the bowl. After a minute of relief, Krista looked at her panties "god damn it" she thought to herself realizing her underwear was wet again. She took off her pants, then her panties and set them on the floor before she pulled her jeans up. She quickly threw her panties in the trash then looked in the mirror. From the front she seemed ok and didn't have any stains. She turned around and there was a pea sized stain on her pants, making her jeans transparent. "fuck" she thought to herself "well it could be worse." And grabbed some paper towels and tried to dry herself off.

@@While this was happening, Tina frantically searched for the book, but couldn't find it. She called down to Jason, forcing an awkward smile "could you slide me over?" Jason started pushing the ladder "of course your majesty" He said sarcastically. As the ladder shifted she could feel her bladder rapidly filling up. As usual, her bladder went from fine to ready to explode in just a matter of seconds. "fuck, fuck fuck" Tina thought to herself "not now, not when my date is staring directly at my ass" Tina just searched for the book "got it" she called out as she spotted it a little above her reach. Tina lifted her arm up, and as she did, her shirt got untucked from her jeans, revealing the waistband of her diaper. Tina didn't even think about the fact that he waistband was exposed, she was focused on her bladder, which decided to fail then and there. Tina closed her eyes and winced, as she started peeing full force. She could feel her already wet diaper start to warm fill with warm pee and become even heavier. She grabbed the book and started climbing down the ladder. On the way down she felt something wet on her leg. Tina's heart dropped as she realized her diaper leaked out the sides (like this https://postimg.cc/bGLMPDw9

). As she climbed down, the wetness spread as she continued to empty her bladder. Jason was looking up and saw two large wet stains halfway to her knees on either side of her butt. (like this postimg.cc/4mtSdF3d )She didn't even look down to see how bad it was, afraid of what the answer would be. When she got down the ladder, Jason looked at her crotch, then looked away. Tina looked down too and felt completely defeated when she realized her diaper also leaked in the front, creating a pee stain on one of her thighs the size of an oval dinner plate (like this https://postimg.cc/WFC5pMLg

@@) . To make it even worse, her shirt was untucked, and the waistband of her diaper was peaking above her jeans. Jason glanced at her jeans again, and looked away without saying anything. Tina was humiliated and her face turned beet red. She stammered out a sad and somewhat angrily "what? what is it?" Jason looked down at Tina's pants again and said quietly "umm, nothing, it's just, umm, are you wearing a diaper?" Tina couldn't look Jason in the eye and said "so, I have some bladder control issues and have urinary incontinence. And my incontinence product clearly didn't hold up." She said gesturing down to her wet pants. Jason quietly said "hey, that's ok, it's really, it's cool." Tina finally looked Jason in the eye "yeah, wetting your adult diaper in front of your date is SUPER cool" she said with biting sarcasm. Jason stammered out "no, not cool, but really it's ok. It's a medical thing, and you're still super cute I mean, other than the last 60 seconds I've had an amazing time with you." Tina looked at him sheepishly and muttered "thank you, me too" Jason held out his arms for a hug. Tina wrapped her arms around him, while sticking her butt out "where did Krista and Mark go?" She asked Jason replied "I think Krista hit the panic button to go to the bathroom." Tina broke off the hug "well, I better go clean this mess up too" Tina turned to the door and bit her lip, and stood there awkwardly. Jason asked "are you ok?" Tina tucked her hair behind her ear "it's just, I don't want people seeing I, you know." Jason looked at her sympathetically "it's ok, I'll walk behind you, go grab some paper towels and clean up, and I'll take you home." Tina nodded her head and walked to the bathroom.

@@When Tina entered Krista was at the sink. Krista turned around and took a look at Tina's jeans "oh sweetie" she said with a pout. Tina had tears starting to form in her eyes as she went to the bathroom stall. All she had was the perfumed soaked diaper, she weighed her options, and decided that she would be fine going commando for the drive back home, she did just empty her bladder. Tina pulled her jeans back on, dabbed at them with some toilet paper to dry them the best she could and walked out of the stall. Krista looked at her "you doing ok?" she said. Tina replied "yeah, but what the hell am I going to tell Mark?" Krista told Tina "just say nothing, I don't think he'll ask a direct question or anything. Also, how did Jason take your.. you know?" Tina half smiled "he was actually really sweet and hugged me." Krista smiled at her friend "well, sounds like you found a keeper." Krista continued "do you want to know a secret.. I had a little leak to, I threw out my panties and look, I have this tiny stain here." Tina looked at Krista "pretty soon you'll need to wear a diaper too.. don't worry, no one will see that stain though. Krista continued "Do you want me to talk to Mark about what happened" Tina replied "maybe, I mean I barely know him, and he's going to see my jeans are wet." Krista smiled "no problem.

@@Krista put a hand on Mark's shoulder and whispered "hey, I need to tell you something a little awkward." Mark was confused "ok? what is it" he said perplex. Krista whispered in his ear "My friend Tina has some bladder control issues and wears adult diapers, and she had a little accident. So when she comes out just try not to embarrass her too much." Mark's eyes went wide "what? are you being serious?" Krista pursed her lips together and nodded. Mark whispered "sorry, yeah of course, that sucks for her though. Has she always had that problem?" Krista whispered "yeah, I think she's had problems her whole life. We've been roommates since freshman year so I sort of had to know, you know?" Krista considered telling Mark that she was a bedwetter as well, but didn't feel like it was time yet and was still embarrassed about it. Krista just kissed him on the cheek and leaned into him. Mark asked "what was that for?" Krista said sweetly "because I wanted to." Mark moved his hand to the small of her back, then down to her butt. Krista giggled "checking if I'm wearing one too" Mark smiled "nope, just wanted to.. and with those pants I don't think you'd hide it very well. Krista and Mark giggled and waited for Tina.

When Tina came out of the bathroom, Mark looked away, while Jason came up to her and put an arm around her. Tina laid her head on his shoulder as they walked out together. Jason whispered "you doing ok" Tina whispered back "I'll be ok, just embarrassed." They all drove back to their apartment in quiet and awkward ride home.

