Abby needs drugs... and a wee!

Author: cw987uk

*000*2025-06-23 21:42

This is the first, and only, fiction story I ever posted, about 2 years ago on Literotica. I have not done a lot more since, the muse left me, along with time but, recently, I have started writing some more stories, slowly! I hope people like it, I am more than open to hearing feedback as this is not something I have any experience doing!

Contains drug refrences and taking advantage of a drug user, if that offends you I am sorry, might want to skip it.

If people like this, I do have a 2nd part almost ready too!

###

“C’mon please. It’s only until tomorrow” said Abby.

“You know I don’t do tick, it’s more hassle than it’s worth” I replied.

“But I’ve been buying from you for ages” she continued to plead.

“Yeah, and that means you should know the rules. You want drugs, you pay me money, it’s a simple system” I snapped, getting annoyed now.

Abby looked dejected. I assumed she had realised this was a lost cause and would now skulk off to find some cash or bother someone else.

“I’ll suck your cock” she stated.

“What?” I replied, somewhat surprised by this.

“I’ll suck your cock if you let me tick a bag until tomorrow” she confirmed.

I had to take a moment to consider this. I was recently single and, despite being a junkie, Abby was not an entirely unattractive woman. I guessed mid to late 20’s although it’s hard to tell with junkies sometimes, it’s not a lifestyle that keeps you looking your best! She was, as most of them are, pretty skinny, probably size 6 with some small, but perky looking tits. I’d guess B-cups.

She looked a bit rough with somewhat dishevelled, shoulder length, brown hair and a pale complexion with some blemishes on her face from her addiction and you could see some track marks on her exposed arms as well, but she clearly was not a heavy user.

She was wearing a tight, short sleeved black crop top and a pair of black leggings that showed off her small, perfect ass.

“Ok” I agreed “Sounds like a deal”.

She smiled. “Cool, can I just use your bathroom first?”

“My bathroom?” I queried.

“Yeah, I really need a piss. I was only going to be here a few minutes” she said, giving a little bounce as if to enforce the idea.

I was about to agree when my brain suddenly had an idea. If she was willing to whore herself out for the opportunity of simply paying tomorrow for her gear, what else would she be willing to do.

Now, I have fetish. In fact, I have quite a few, but my biggest one is piss. Specifically wetting myself and watching women wet themselves although any form of clothed or naked piss play is right up there.

“Tell you what” I countered, reaching into my pocket for some baggies. “Here’s your ten bit, you follow through on today, you can come and pay me for it tomorrow”.

She nodded in agreement.

“Or” I continued, adding another bag to the first one, “You do something else for me, and you can have both of these and you don’t owe me anything”

“Really?” she replied, clearly surprised.

“Yep, really” I confirmed.

“What do I have to do?” she asked, with a touch of apprehension.

“It’s weird” I confessed “and you can always say no and the original deal still stands”.

She raised her eyebrows, urging me to go on.

I had a moment of hesitation, this is not something I had revealed to many people and I was a bit concerned that it could backfire but my cock had taken over from my brain at this point and I did hold all the cards.

“I want to watch you go for a piss, in your leggings and then I want you to suck my cock” I blurted out.

She looked at me for a second, eyes wide, clearly surprised by my request.

“What?” She managed.

“I want you to stand in my bath and go for a piss without taking your leggings off. Then I want you to suck my cock” I repeated.

“That’s fucking gross” she said, “Why would you want to watch that?”

“It’s my….thing” I stated “I like watching women piss themselves. It’s a fetish”.

“That’s not what I was expecting” she said.

“You can just say no” I reminded her, “The original deal still stands if you still want to do that”.

“I didn’t say no” she replied “It just caught me by surprise. I was expecting something like you wanted to fuck my ass”.

She seemed to weigh up the options in her mind for a second.

“Two bags, no debt if I piss myself and give you a blow job?” she checked.

“Yep, and I’ll throw in a bin bag for your car seat” I joked.

She smiled.

“This is really fucking weird, but I’ll do it” she said, “but you can’t tell anyone about it”.

“Of course not, but same goes for you, this is between us” I agreed.

“Can I take my shoes off” she asked.

“Yeah, that’s fine” I agreed.

She slipped her shoes off to reveal some black ankle socks underneath.

I stepped back and gestured toward the bathroom allowing her to walk in front of me, enjoying the view of those tight leggings over her sweet ass. I could not see a panty line, so I guessed she was wearing a thong. Or nothing.

She entered the small bathroom and turned to face me.

“In the bath?” she asked.

“Yeah, less mess”

“That’s what toilets are for” she said with a smile, “this is so weird”.

“You don’t have any fetishes or just things you like that other people might find strange or gross or weird?” I enquired, air quoting weird. “Everyone has different ideas”.

“I guess” she conceded, stepping into the bath. I made a mental note that this could be a subject to bring up later!

“So, I just go?” she asked, facing me.

“Just go” I confirmed.

I waited, wondering if this might take some time. It didn’t. She gasped and looked down. I followed her gaze and was amazed to see the first few drops start to appear on her leggings and drip down to the bath. I immediately noticed that this was a strong yellow colour and, for some reason, that made my cock even harder that it already was. The drops seemed to stop and I saw her stomach tense as she pushed and then it started again, this time a solid flow of golden nectar.

It started pouring through her leggings and I was worried that she was not wearing any knickers and it would just flow straight out but then I saw it start to spread out and down her thighs.

I was squeezing my cock through my jeans but was immediately in danger of making my own mess and I knew I had someone to help after this, so forced myself to stop. You could smell it now too and that was really not helping my case.

Her thighs glistened as it made it to her knees, most of it now flowing down her leggings into the puddle of pee at her feet, soaking her socks.

She seemed to be transfixed on what was happening, staring down at her increasingly wet pants.

“So warm” she almost moaned.

It was not a long wee, maybe 15-20 seconds real-time, although it felt like an age. It slowly started slowing before stopping altogether. She looked up at me as I was still watching the last drips fall from her crotch. She shook her legs back and forth as if trying to get the last drops out.

I finally looked up at her with a huge smile on my face, and a rock solid, throbbing penis in my jeans.

“That was amazing” I told her, almost breathlessly.

“I can see” she retorted, gesturing to my, rather obvious, bulge. “I can’t believe that got you so hard”.

“How did it feel?” I asked her.

“Weird and gross” she replied, clearly not that impressed. “But so warm”.

She padded her feet in the puddle.

“Eww, really should have taken the socks off too” she whined. “Can I get out now?”

“Yeah, you have some work to do” I said with a grin, “but I don’t think it’s going to be a long job”

She smiled as she climbed out of the bath. I was already unzipping my flies to allow my raging cock out of his prison.

She tugged at her sodden crotch and then shimmied her legs back and forth as she tried to pull the soaking cotton up her thighs. She grimaced as she did so with another “Ewww” thrown in as well.

When she finally had them tight again she knelt down in front of me and, while looking up at me, slowly slid my cock into her mouth. She had done this a lot, you could instantly tell by the way she didn’t hesitate and slid it all in, no messing. It felt like heaven.

I’d had my cock sucked before, even by a woman who had just wet herself, but there was something about that time, the way it had happened, the fact that she had done it solely to score some drugs that made it feel so wrong, so degrading and that seemed to make it so much dirtier.

I tried my best to hold on, I thought un-sexy thoughts and tried not to think about the junkie whore in soaking wet leggings slobbering all over my cock but there was a limit and that limit was, embarrassingly, very low!

In my mind I tell it as about 5 minutes but, in reality, I don’t think it was even 2 before I realised the end was here. I contemplated giving her a tap to let her know but decided not to, it would be a nice surprise for her.

I think she knew anyway from my moans but I shot a huge load right into her throat. She made a noise as it erupted in her mouth but she didn’t seem to care. She slowly removed my cock from her mouth, letting it pop out at the end to hang, still mostly erect.

She looked up at me from the ground and, while staring right into my eyes, swallowed the whole load.

She licked her lips as she stood up and wiped her mouth on the back of her arm.

“You enjoy that then?” she asked, a grin on her face.

“I think you know the answer to that” I laughed as I handed her the promised payment.

She headed back to the hall where she slipped her wet socks into her trainers and turned for the door. I told her to wait a second as I grabbed the promised bin bag and she thanked me and headed off to get high without another word.

Hopefully I will see her again soon and she won’t have any money again!

*001*2025-07-10 19:21

Next part to the story. This was written recently, about 2 years after the first part!

It covers some other topics, like spanking and sex, as well as the same topics as the first part, so if any are not your cup of tea, feel free to skip it!

Would love any feedback people have, good or bad!

###

It had been a few days since my adventure with Abby in which she had pissed her leggings in my bathroom and sucked my cock in exchange for a couple of bags of smack.

I normally heard from her every two to three days and was wondering if she would keep that up or if she had regrets and would find someone else to get her drugs from.

For my part, I had replayed that event in my head quite a few times and all of them had ended the same, me needing to clean up, so I was hoping to see her again and maybe get a repeat performance!

About 4pm I get the text message.

“ can you deliver 2 pls, drinking, cant drive, Abs”

I don’t normally deliver but she knows I will occasionally if I have too, and I am still wondering if I can get a repeat of the other day so figure what the hell. Plus, she’s drinking, that can’t hurt my chances.

So, I message her back.

“Can do, 20 mins”. She lives less than a five-minute drive away but don’t want to seem desperate and figure a quick wash won’t hurt.

I head off ten minutes later and arrive at her place earlier than I said, nothing like a good service to promote business.

I knock on her flat door and she answers, inviting me in.

“Hey” I greet her.

“Hi” she replies, “thanks for coming round, I’ve had a few beers and didn’t want to drive”.

“No worries” I assure her, reaching into my pocket to get the goods.

“You want to come in for a drink?” she asks.

Normally we just do the trade and I’m gone so this is unusual. My brain starts to get ideas. My cock does to.

“Yeah, ok” I agree, “need to roll a smoke”.

She closes the door behind me and leads me into the lounge, giving me a nice view of her great ass as we walk. She is wearing a pair of skin-tight blue jeans today and a white, sleeveless vest top that’s pretty tight. Clearly, she also had no bra on.

As we enter her lounge, I notice that the place is a bit of a mess, but not as bad as I expected. Honestly, not much worse than my place. Few cans strewn around and the evidence of smoking smack on the table in the form of tinfoil squares. Also does not smell bad which is a bonus as some of the places I have delivered to were enough to make me gag.

She offers me a seat on the couch, and I start rolling a joint while she heads into the kitchen.

“I’ve got beer, tea or coffee” she calls.

“I’ll take a beer” I reply.

She returns with a couple of beers in hand and sits opposite me on the armchair there, sticking them on the table.

I finish rolling my joint, light it and crack my beer as she swigs from the can she already had open.

I grab the two bags out of my pocket and stick them on the table and she reaches for her purse and removes two £10 notes, setting them side by side on the table and pushing them toward the middle. As I reach over the table to grab them, she looks at me.

“Or” she begins, slowly sliding one of them back towards her, a sly grin on her face, “I am busting for a piss”.

“Are you now” I replied, secretly jumping for joy in my head. “I thought it was weird and gross last time?”

“It was but, let’s be honest, if you like it and will give me gear for doing it, I can live with it” she confessed.

I was a bit surprised with her frank honesty, but this was exactly what I was hoping for.

“But you have cash today” I pointed out.

“Yeah, but me going for a piss won’t pay the rent or buy dinner, cash will” she countered.

“Well, depends on your landlord but I get the point” I replied with a smirk.

“So, is that a yes?” she continued “because you don’t have long to decide, I really need to go, these beers have gone right through me”.

“It’s always going to be a yes” I confirmed.

“Let’s go then” she said, jumping up and heading for the bathroom.

She didn’t need to ask twice, I jumped up and followed close behind.

She didn’t hesitate when we entered the bathroom and jumped straight into her bath.

She stood with her feet slightly apart and looked down.

“I hope you’re ready” she said, “it’s coming already”.

She was not kidding, a second later she moaned in relief and a moment after that the first wet spot appeared on her crotch.

She was obviously pretty desperate as, within seconds, it was expanding rapidly down both her legs and dripping directly from her crotch into the bath with an incredible hissing noise as she let it all out.

Her jeans glistened from her crotch to her ankles, and she was almost instantly standing in a puddle. It was not yellow like the last time but was still awesome to watch as her sock covered feet got soaked too.

The initial outpouring slowed down and the hissing was quieter but still, it continued to flow pretty freely. She looked down at this point, a look of total relief on her face.

“Oh wow” she gasped, “I really needed that. I’m still going”.

“Squat down” I said.

She did as I asked and, as she squatted down, I could instantly see her pee running through the crotch of her jeans.

It made its way down and was dripping off her gorgeous ass as she gave a little giggle.

“That feels weird” she said, rocking side to side with her ass.

She definitely had a lot to get out but, as with all good things, it started to slow and, finally, stop flowing.

By this point she had probably peed for a good 40 seconds, but time really does not mean anything when you are watching something so amazing!

She stood up and shook her ass again.

“This feels so wrong” she said, but still had a grin on her face. “My jeans feel so heavy now”.

She rocked her legs back and forth and padded her feet up and down in the puddle.

Her jeans were soaked, and the wet patch had spread round the front to cover most of her thighs.

“That was incredible” I panted, although I imagine the solid boner on show through my own jeans was evidence of that!

“Can I see the back?” I asked.

She turned around and the jeans had a matching patch all down the back of her legs, in fact, they were basically all wet except a small strip down the outside of her legs.

Her ass was soaked too, from squatting down, at least halfway towards her waistband and the patch was still spreading slowly as she wiggled it for me.

“Awesome” I whispered, almost to myself.

She turned around again and stepped out of the bath.

“You, uh, want me to take care of that for you?” she asked, gesturing to my straining bulge.

“I certainly wouldn’t say no” I replied with a smile.

She shimmied her jeans up tight and wasted no time dropping to her knees and unzipping my fly.

My rock-hard cock did not take much encouragement to pop out!

As she took it slowly in her mouth I realised, once again, this was not going to be long event.

I held out for as long as I could but the thought of this sexy little whore kneeling in front of me with soaking wet jeans on could not be pushed out of my mind and, after a few minutes of her sucking my dick like I have never experienced before, I shot my load into her waiting throat.

I didn’t even consider letting her know this time since she didn’t seem to mind last time and, again, she let my cock slip out of her mouth with a pop, looked up into my eyes and swallowed the whole lot without hesitation.

“That was incredible” I breathlessly told her as she moved to get up.

“Incredible enough to make us even?” she smiled.

I laughed, “Yeah, definitely”.

She headed for the bathroom door, and I took the opportunity to get another look at her lovely, soaking wet ass as she went.

“So, smoke?” I offered.

“Yeah, always” she replied, “Just let me get changed first”.

“Or” I countered, “you could not?”.

She turned and gave me a confused look, “Not get changed?”.

“Yeah, they look good on you all wet” I continued.

“But they’re soaked and getting cold and uncomfortable” she complained, rocking her legs back and forth.

“C’mon, just have a smoke with them on, then you can get changed” I offered.

“You really want me to keep them on?” she asked.

“Yep, I would love that” I confirmed.

She sighed, “You really are weird” she added with a shake of her head and a sly grin, “grab me a towel then”.

I grabbed her a towel from the bathroom with a happy look on my face and handed it to her before following her back to the lounge. She folded the towel and placed it on her chair and sat on it.

I returned to my seat on the sofa and started rolling a joint, sneaking several looks at her sitting there in her wet jeans, already drinking from a new can of beer. I pass her the weed when I am done, and she starts rolling her own smoke.

I watched her rolling her joint and there was something about watching someone do something so normal while wearing those wet jeans that really got me going. I felt my cock, despite its recent release, start to rise again!

She saw me staring. “What?” she asked.

“Nothing, just enjoying the view” I replied with a smile.

“You really like me sitting here in wet jeans?” she asked, raising an eyebrow.

I leaned back on the sofa and let he see my semi-erect cock already pushing at my jeans.

She laughed, “already? I guess you really do enjoy it” she conceded.

We lit out joints and sat chatting while we smoked them.

“How did you find out you liked this?” she asked, gesturing to her wet jeans.

I considered just making something up, after all she was just a junkie I was using for dirty fantasies but, for some reason, I decided to just tell her my life story!

I explained that I had, from a young age, found that I enjoyed being wet. I always loved jumping in puddles or playing in the rain and I just experimented from there. That it started out with getting in the bath and shower with some clothes on and, one day, I just decided that, since I was about to get wet anyway, why not go for a wee in the clothes I was wearing rather than using the toilet normally. I told her it had sort of spiralled from there and, once the internet became a thing, I discovered that there were lots of other people who felt the same and that seeing women do the same things was making me aroused.

I told her that I have loved all things wet since then and developed some other fetishes along the way too. When I moved out to live on my own, I had fully embraced my fetishes and had, on occasion, found women willing to indulge them but it had been many years since that had happened.

I realised I was rambling a bit and that she was unlikely to have expected such a detailed answer about my life from her drug dealer.

“Sorry” I said, “I’m sure you were not expecting me to tell you my life story”. Reaching over to put my joint out in the ashtray.

She laughed, “No, but I don’t mind” she replied, “I understand it a bit more now I guess”.

“Still weird though, right?” I countered.

“Yeah, still weird” she replied with another laugh “but, as you said before, we all have our things”.

“Do I get to hear what some of yours are?” I enquired.

She finished her joint and stubbed it out in the ashtray.

“Can I get changed now?” she asked, changing the subject.

“That was the deal, I suppose” I confirmed, trying to look a little sad.

She stood up and turned to head out of the room, her ass slightly drier but still noticeably wet, but stopped before she got to the door, wiggling her legs slightly as she did so.

“Actually” she said, turning to face me, “that beer has really gone right through me, I need a wee again”. She looked at me with a smirk. “I think I’ll go before I get changed”.

“Makes sense” I agreed, hoping this was going where I thought it was.

“I guess you’ll want to come along then” she confirmed, turning back and heading to the bathroom.

I didn’t need telling twice, I was off the sofa like a shot and followed her into the bathroom.

She turned to face me once we were in the bathroom, “Tell me what you want me to do” she said sternly.

“What do you mean?” I replied, a bit taken aback by her tone.

“Exactly what I said” she replied, “Tell me what you want, and I will do exactly as you tell me”.

I was a bit confused at this point but went along with it.

“Sit on the toilet?” I said, hesitantly.

“Are you asking me or telling me?” she replied.

“Telling you?” I confirmed.

“It doesn’t sound like it” she countered.

I started to understand what was happening at this point, slow I know!

“Sit on the toilet” I said, sternly.

“Can I take my jeans off?” she asked, almost meekly.

I almost hesitated, I was not used to this but caught myself quickly and played along.

“Did I say to take you jeans off?” I snapped.

She sat on the toilet and looked up at me.

“Piss” I commanded.

As she continued to look up at me, I saw her eyes widen slightly a second or so before I heard the tell-tale sound of her piss starting to drip into the water below.

I moved my gaze down to her crotch and saw the fresh wet patch start to appear over the drier one as the drip became a flow and her piss started to hiss through her jeans.

I was mesmerized, my hand slowly rubbing my cock through my jeans, as she pissed, full-force, through her already wet jeans. There was something especially sexy about watching someone use the toilet in a normal way, but fully clothed. I looked at her face, she had her eyes closed and was biting her bottom lip.

As the flow died down and became a drip again, she looked up at me.

“I’m done” she said, in her meek voice, “I’m sorry”.

“Why are you sorry?” I replied, trying to sound stern.

“Because I was a bad girl and wet myself” she said, looking down, like a naughty child.

I had an idea where this was going at this point, and it was making it incredibly hard to focus!

“And what happens to bad girls?” I asked.

“Bad girls get spanked” she answered, not looking up.

“That’s right” I confirmed, my heart pounding at the thought “Bad girls get spanked”.

Abby looked up at me, a slight smile on her face and a glint in her eye.

“Bedroom. Now” I commanded, getting into the game now.

She stood up and moved for the door, her head down again, a few drips falling onto the bathroom floor from her soaked jeans and her ass looking amazing in them.

I followed her to her bedroom across the hall. It was rather small, mostly taken up with the double bed and a bank of fitted wardrobes but was, like the rest of her place, reasonably clean, some scattered clothes and traces of tobacco and joint rolling. The floor was bare chipboard and there was a wooden chair by the window.

She turned to face me as we entered, looking up at me like a sad kid who knew they were in trouble as I closed the door behind me.

“Bend over the bed” I said, pointing to her unmade bed.

“Can I take my jeans off?” she asked.

I stepped closer to her, almost right in her face, although she was a good few inches shorter than me.

“Did I say to take them off?” I barked at her, wondering if there were limits here, I really didn’t want to go too far, I was way out of my comfort zone!

“No sir” she stammered, “I’m sorry”.

“Bend. Over” I repeated. This time she obeyed.

With her palms on the bed and her ass in the air I was finding it hard to control myself, my cock was raging against my jeans and, if she were naked right now, I don’t think I could have stopped myself from fucking her there and then. Honestly, I was pretty sure I was going to do that soon enough though.

“Please sir, not too HARD” she said, turning her head over her shoulder to look at me and changing her tone and emphasising the word hard, a clear instruction even my slow brain could understand.

I hesitated slightly, I had always wondered about this sort of thing but never actually done it and, here I was, with a willing subject, who had just pissed herself because I told her too. Ah well, she did ask for it!

I brought my hand down on her right cheek, not too hard to start, I was still concerned about how far to go.

THWACK, my hand connected with the wet denim with almost a splat. Her body jolted slightly, and she gasped.

THWACK, the second brought another gasp as did the third and fourth to her left cheek.

She seemed to have no issues with this so, for the next 3, in quick succession, I went a bit harder. This brought a louder gasp from the first and a moan by the third. She was clearly liking this although I think the jeans, as sexy as they were, were probably dulling the sensations.

“Remove the jeans” I commanded, stepping back as she stood up and turned to face me.

She unbuckled the jeans and slid them over that pert little ass, giving me a view of her underwear for the first time, a pair of red, bikini cut knickers, totally soaked at the front and back from her earlier escapades.

The jeans were so tight, and wet, she was struggling to get them down and had to sit on the chair to peel them off.

When she had finally managed to remove them, she stood in front of me again, just her white top and those red knickers left. Fuck I want to see her naked so badly. I wonder if that would be a step to far though. Screw it, in for a penny and all that, let’s find out.

“Strip” I told her. She looked at me for a second that felt like an age, before lifting her top over her head and exposing her small, but perfect, tits. She then bent forward as she slid those knickers down her legs before standing up, totally naked in front of me for the first time. She had a bit a bush going on, not a lot but clearly not taken care of in a while. Guess that’s not the line then!

“Over the bed again” I told her, forcing myself to stop staring at this pretty little thing, wondering how I, a chubby middle-aged man was getting so lucky! Oh yeah, drugs, damn glad I never got into taking them!

She did not hesitate and resumed her previous position over the bed, this time with her naked ass and pussy on display, clearly quite wet and not just from the piss she just took. I was struggling here. I really wanted to release my cock and just slide it in, but I had a punishment to dish out.

I didn’t hesitate this time, I went straight for it as soon as she got over, THWACK, the hardest one yet to her naked right cheek, followed by another to her left, THWACK.

She jumped at the first, maybe not expecting it so quickly, and when the second hit she let out a little shriek.

I didn’t wait this time, I went again, 2 more to each cheek. She moaned, loudly and, by the 4th let out a little scream.

THWACK, THWACK, 2 more followed, her cheeks had a handprint on each of them now and she was moaning loudly with each hit.

I hesitated again, still worried about taking it too far.

“Don’t stop” she panted at me, abandoning the pre-tense, clearly enjoying this.

THWACK, THWACK, THWACK, THWACK. 4 more as hard as I could manage, and she screamed as they hit. Jesus, this was turning me on so much but also felt so wrong. I guess this was how she felt when I told her my “thing”.

As I was raising my hand for the next, she turned her head toward me and I stopped.

“Please sir” she panted “Fuck me now”, lowering herself down to her elbows on the bed.

I didn’t need telling twice. I unzipped my fly and my rock solid cock popped right out. I didn’t even think about removing my jeans.

Her pussy was wet, clearly she had enjoyed the spanking I had just given her and, I slid it in slowly, it felt like heaven and she moaned and reared her head as I pushed my measly 5” cock all the way to the hilt into her spectacular, dripping pussy. It’s not normal for me to be the second one to finish to be fair, but this time, after a very short amount of time she moaned so loudly I’m sure her neighbours must wonder what we’re doing and I felt her pussy contract around my cock and a rush of liquid run down my shaft. This was the end for me too, feeling that and hearing her scream I shot, quite possibly, the biggest load of my life inside her.

We both collapsed forward onto the bed, I had to stop myself from landing on top of her with my arms. I removed my softening cock from her dripping pussy and rolled to my left, ending up facing her ceiling. We were both panting as she rolled over next to me.

“Well, that was unexpected” I panted, turning to look at her with a smile on my face.

“Yeah” was all she managed, an equally large smile on her face too. “Not how I expected today to go”.

“I need a smoke after that” I said, tucking my cock back into my pants and standing up. “You want one?”.

“Won’t say no” she grinned, “Just let me put some clothes on first, you go ahead”.

She reached over and opened the drawer by her bed and pulled out a fresh pair of knickers, identical to the one she was wearing earlier but in white. She looked up, catching me staring at her naked body as I left the room and smiled.

I headed to the living room where I returned to the sofa and started rolling a couple of joints for us. She followed a couple of minutes later, now wearing a pair of black leggings and a sports bra. She came and sat next to me as I offered her the joint I rolled for her.

“Thanks” she said “for everything” a smile on her face.

“You don’t have to thank me” I replied with a laugh, “I think we both enjoyed that. Plus, now I know something about you too”.

“I guess” she agreed, “Does this change anything?”.

“Why would it?” I queried, “You want gear from me, I get something I enjoy in return, if you enjoy that too, then all the better. This just opens up more ways we can do that”.

She smiled, “I can live with that”.

The future is looking wetter!

