Seal of Water (Tales of Symphonia) [Cancelled]

Author: Captain L

*000*2021-07-09 16:55

Author's note: A while back, I promised a Tales of Symphonia story featuring Sheena Fujibayashi, and I did work on it. However, I only finished one scene, and sat on the unfinished document in the hopes that I would one day find the motivation to complete it. With the time that has passed, and the more pressing work still to do, I've come to the conclusion that that day would never come. The one scene that was finished had some substance to it, so rather than just letting it languish, I'll share what was done.

###

The Ymir Forest, located in a swamp outside the village of Heimdall in Tethe'alla, where rivers flowed, carnivorous fish swam, and fruits bloomed high on the trees. It was the search for one of those very fruits that currently guided the quest of a small motley crew, made up of several humans, two half-elves, two Chosen, all mixed up in a crazy journey involving two parallel worlds and an uprising against the angels of Cruxis.

And this convoluted journey to pluck a giant fruit from the highest branches was taking its toll on the enthusiasm of the party. "Man, this is taking forever," whined default team leader, Lloyd Irving. "I'm getting really tired of this!"

"You'd get bored with the meaning of life if it took more than five minutes, Lloyd," his friend Genis Sage criticized.

"Yeah, but it really is taking forever," Tethe'alla's Chosen, Zelos Wilder, seconded. A sigh of exasperation cast over the team as they truly looked at how far they were from solving the puzzles of these woods. Awakening flowers, climbing trees, guiding fish from their fate in the food chain, it was a lot to handle, and it was truly turning into an all-day affair.

Yet, despite being the one who brought the mood down, Zelos was the first to perk back up. "This would be positively unbearable if it weren't for the company of these beautiful hunnies," he gushed, reaching an arm out to sling around the shoulder of his most frequent flirt, the Mizuho ninja and summoner, Sheena Fujibayashi. After all, she was the woman he was most familiar with, both being natives of Tethe'alla, and she easily had the most going for her on a physical level.

It was because of this familiarity that Sheena knew to duck low and avoid to the unwanted contact, putting her acrobatic training to use with the smooth motion, and her assassin's instincts led to a follow-up of a sharp elbow to the Chosen's ribs. "Never miss a chance to be a disgusting pervert, do you?"

"And you never miss a chance to be a hysterical banshee," Zelos choked, clutching his side, practically asking for the second strike right next to the kidney that he soon received as Sheena rose back and moved on with an indignant "hmph".

"Come on, don't fight now," Sylvarant's naive Chosen, Colette Brunel, pleaded.

"It is fruitless to attempt to convince Zelos to abandon his immoral ways," Presea Combatir suggested, with that emotionless cadence she was so known for.

Regal Bryant would physically separate Sheena and Zelos to stop the fight, if his hands weren't bound. "It would be easier to overturn the heavens than to make those two see eye-to-eye," he observed, lamenting. The little scuffle wasn't enough to stop their trek, and the walk continued as normal.

However, amidst all the arguing, one person remained quiet: Professor Raine Sage, hanging at the back and moving slow. While she wouldn't have participated in the squabble, it wasn't like the teacher to give no reprimands for such immature behavior. Actually, Sheena realized, Raine had been unnaturally quiet for a good while. It was almost like Raine had lost her voice, just as Colette previously had. And that wasn't all, she was moving stiffly, tense, like all of her joints were only acting at half strength.

There was some little inkling of a hint as to the cause resting in the back of Sheena's mind, but regardless, she cut her stride and let everyone but the professor pass her by. "Hey, Raine. What's eating you? Some lingering remnants of that Ozette Cold?"

Clearly, Raine wasn't expecting to be approached, as her reaction to being spoken to was a quiet yelp and a hop off the ground as her hair stood on end. It was only when she landed back on her feet and looked at who addressed her that she calmed down, with a deep breath and a hand on her chest. "Sheena, don't startle me like that."

"Just making conversation. You're the one getting freaked out at hearing something normal. Seriously, is something up?"

Raine took a big sigh and looked forward, to the rest of their team. Finding everyone else in the middle of some other talk, or too far away to realistically hear, she tilted her upper body to place her head closer to the ninja, and whispered, "actually, I really need to...relieve myself, you understand."

Sheena understood all too well. On a worlds-spanning adventure like this one, it was always pretty weird to ask to stop so one could use the bathroom, like it was such a stupid reason to halt their important task. And here in Tethe'alla, it was ten times worse to take a pit stop, purely because of the presence of Zelos. Maybe it was just paranoia, but every time Sheena pulled her black leggings down to pee, she could swear she saw a flash of pink and red hiding off in the distance. As a result, she usually took the job of watch whenever the girls needed some privacy.

This altruism had its drawbacks, of course. If Sheena had to be the guard, that meant less chances for her to do her business. Zelos was crafty when it came to peeping, she couldn't trust anyone else to cover her enough to be comfortable, which meant opportunities to drop her pants were rare. Usually, she simply held it until midnight fell, or there was some other pretense for them to separate, not a scenario she could count on often. To say this pushed her bladder often would be an understatement.

Actually, she realized, the sensation she had grown more accustomed to than not in recent days was rippling strong beneath her stomach as a slight bulge poked out. "Damn, me too." Sheena's legs came together and crossed in a dainty way as she hopped on her heels.

"You as well? Then I suppose we'll have to ask Presea to keep Zelos in line for us both."

Not that Presea was incapable of keeping one pervert off their tails, but Sheena still hesitated. "N-no, I'll be fine, I can wait a while longer. Come on, I'll cover you if you really need it."

"Well...I appreciate the thought, but I fail to see how you intend to shield me in a place like this."

The professor had a point. The Ymir Forest was not so much a traditional forest, but instead could be better classified as a swamp. Because of this, the ground able to be stood upon was limited to suspended wooden boardwalks and small natural islands, one of which was currently being crossed by the party members ahead of the two.

A spark of inspiration flashed through Sheena's mind. "I think I've got it. Just hold back a little."

"Believe me, I'm holding back enough right now. Please hurry." While Raine kept one hand firmly wrapped around her staff, the other soon found its way to the front of her pants and squeezed.

Sheena, on the other hand, answered her need by keeping her legs together. After all, she needed her hands for what would come. Their six oblivious friends passed an island and placed their feet on wooden planks, as the trailing women hit the center of the circle of soil, and Sheena held an arm outwards to stop Raine. The summoner placed her hands together and began channeling mana, but waited until there was noticeable distance between the two groups to release the power. "Servant of Mother Earth, I call upon thee, Gnome!"

The loud chant certainly got the attention of everyone ahead, causing them all to pivot quickly, and Lloyd to reactively draw his twin swords. However, they were all cut off by the sudden appearance of a giant mole-looking creature; the summon spirit of earth, Gnome. He only flashed by, and was soon replaced by a wall of stone rising from the island with a quake, cutting the two groups apart. "Sheena, what's going on," Lloyd called out, with just a hint of worry.

"Sorry, we just need a minute," Sheena replied, relaxing from a casting stance, yet staying ready as she quickly faced Raine. "Assuming someone doesn't come from behind, you're set. Just be quick about it, before any monsters or perverts get curious."

The professor didn't need to be told twice. She didn't even need to be told once, as she was getting down to business as soon as the wall was erected. By the time Sheena looked, Raine had already lifted the orange coat she wore hanging above her regular clothes and bunched it up beneath her armpits, freeing her to shove her black pants and what laid beneath to her ankles. Sheena wasn't looking for it specifically, but from this vantage, it was impossible to miss the small wet stain in Raine's lacy blue panties.

The ninja tried to be respectful and turn away, but even with her speed, she couldn't avert her eyes fast enough to avoid witnessing Raine squat down so fast she became a blur for a split-second, only just making it down in time to prepare for the flood of warm urine to safely gush free, crashing and soon splashing against the hard dirt. The professor sighed in relief pretty quickly, quietly and under the hissing roar, letting her eyelids fall as she relaxed into the pee.

Now watching firmly in the opposite direction, a few thoughts ran through Sheena's mind. First was keeping a careful ear out for any intruders; monster, human, half-elf, or otherwise. Frankly, it wasn't an easy task, with the constant crashing of water to drown out any subtle noises, even Sheena's trained senses couldn't pick up anything over the racket. Second was a sense of empathy for Raine's plight, how much it sucked to hold her pee for that long and be forced to release it somewhere improper. And she had a strong frame of reference for the sheer volume stored the professor's body, because the third thought was how Raine was really living up to her name here.

And finally, her fourth thought: jealousy. Raine was getting her chance at relief, and Sheena had no choice but to take bodyguard duty. And all the while, the sound was pure torture, each drip causing a ripple of pure pain within the ninja's groin. It was all she could do to avoid doubling over with hands gripping her personals, or even worse, ripping her pants down and joining in on the potty break. It was only a sense of duty that kept her upright and guarding.

It was a good thing she did, too, because she somehow managed to pick up the sound of something scraping against rock, ascending higher and higher. Somehow, she knew exactly what the source was. Steeling her bladder against agony rarely felt prior, Sheena jumped up the makeshift wall, rested atop the summit, and looked down unto the separated half of the region. And who else would she see climbing the face, but Zelos looking guiltily back up at her? "What do you think you're doing," she asked, in a real disappointed-but-not-surprised inflection.

Zelos was nothing if not smooth and suave, and he responded with no hesitation or shame. "Don't you remember? I was assigned by the pope to keep an eye on all of you, so I can't just let you hide from me. Who knows what you could be up to back there?" His eyes glistened with pride and confidence.

Too bad for him, Sheena wasn't impressed. "Mhm. You mean the pope that you've already betrayed? If you're going to excuse your disgusting perversion, at least make it a real excuse!" Drawing a slip of marked paper from her collection, Sheena slapped down the Chosen with the secret power held within. "Pyre Seal!" With a blow of power, Zelos was knocked off the wall into the waiting team below. They all seemed reluctant to even associate with him, but Presea in particular looked at the Chosen with disgrace, and with that giant ax in her hand, she was not one to anger.

With the assurance that Zelos wouldn't be trying this again this time, Sheena sighed and descended back onto the bathroom side. Naturally, she was extremely careful with the landing, to make extra sure she didn't jolt something inside that was already in a precarious position. Unfortunately, unless she could somehow land with absolutely no impact, she was bound to suffer some damage.

As her feet hit solid ground, and her knees bent slightly from gravity's influence, it happened. As soon as the force shook her in a shudder from toe to head, the ripple made waves in her bloated bladder, to the point that she faltered for a brief moment. A little spasm from deep within caused a tiny spurt of warm urine to slip past Sheena's defenses, and instead nested itself into the fabrics of the ninja's underwear. "Hngh!" While she hadn't resorted to holding herself just yet, Sheena did feel her knees buckle as her thighs pressed together and feet stayed shoulder-width apart in an awkwardly wide stance, one she couldn't just jump out of for fear of accelerating this dire need. All the while, her bottom lip quivered and pupils shook, and she could do nothing but stand still and take deep breaths.

Finally, she regained a bit of control, at least enough that she wasn't in immediate danger of wetting herself. Still on the verge, of course, she couldn't let her guard down, but the little drop of dampness in her pants would remain solitary for the time being. And, just her luck, she didn't have to worry about stimulation any longer, as Raine's strong stream was soon sputtering to a stop. "Hah...hah...oh, that was too close," the professor panted, stuck in her squat for a solid few seconds afterwards.

No matter how much she tried to, should have, really needed to, Sheena couldn't take her eyes off the puddle Raine had sprayed the ground with as it soaked into the earth. The desire to jump right over and double its size was beginning to overwhelm her, to the point where her hands were forcing themselves, against her own will, to reach for the waistband of her pants, ready to yank them down at a moment's notice. Her bladder quivered, just as eager to release every ounce of its contents.

And it seemed she wouldn't have to wait much longer, as Raine pulled her pants back up and made herself presentable and proper once more. "Thanks for the cover, Sheena. I'd be happy to return the favor now."

Before the sentence had even finished, Sheena was already in the process of shoving down her tights; in fact, they were already halfway down her thighs, revealing her simple black panties with their tiny wet splotch. She would have gone all the way with undressing, were she not interrupted by a gentle knock on the rock wall, followed by the diminutive voice of Colette. "Um, Professor? Sheena? Is everything alright back there?"

"Y-yes, we're all fine, Colette," Raine called back. "We just-"

"Then hurry up," Genis interrupted. "We've got important things to do, there's no time to waste on your stupid 'girl stuff'!"

"T-then we're coming," Sheena yelled in reply, jumping up and pulling her pants back up.

"Are you really sure? I can tell him to wait a bit longer." The sympathetic pain across Raine's features was all too evident.

"We'll be in Heimdall soon, right? Then I can hold it until then, no problem!" Sheena grinned wide, which would be reassuring if not for the bead of sweat choosing now to slide down from her forehead, dripping off her chin. Still, she tried to sell it, though her shivering lips indicated a failing facade.

Raine opened her mouth, prepared to either attempt a second time to convince Sheena to take the opportunity she had, or, more likely for the professor, to lecture about holding too long was bad for her or something. Yet, before she could utter a single word, she backed off. "Very well, if you're confident. I wouldn't count on the village of the elves to be so accommodating, however."

"I'm plenty strong enough for something this small," Sheena boasted, her voice cracking like the mere concept struck a raw nerve. "I don't want to talk about it anymore, let's go!" She dismissed the barrier of earth separating the two pieces of the party in a hurry, letting it sink back into the ground and reuniting the team. "It's all good now, everyone! Let's get out of this swamp!" The ninja led the charge, with far more gusto and enthusiasm than she usually showed.

Now that they were able to be clearly heard once more, Raine wasn't about to press the matter any further. Yet, she continued to look towards Sheena with worry. "I know all too well how much this kind of thing hurts, Sheena. Don't push yourself too far," she whispered.

Meanwhile, Sheena kept her forced grin, even as her bladder tightened and cramped. Her inner thoughts, however, gave her true feelings away, especially when she said them out loud, even if only to herself. "I better be able to make it to Heimdall like this..."

