The Incontinent Reporter

Author: CptTickle

*000*2017-12-09 23:13

Hey everyone, This is my first attempt at writing a story. If it goes well, I'll try and add new chapters soon. Any criticism would be appreciated!

Claire wanted to get to bed early that night, because tomorrow was her first day working as a reporter for WAAR, the top rated news station in Cincinnati. After four years of college she wanted nothing more to work as a T.V reporter, and this was finally her chance to get into the business. There were hundreds of applicants for the job, but she knew she was the right fit. She was poised on air, tenacious in getting interviews, and her looks didn’t hurt her chances either. Claire was striking with her pale skin, small upturned nose, and huge brown eyes. He slightly curly light brown flowed past her shoulders, perfectly framing her face. She was 5’6 with an hourglass figure, C cup breasts and large, but very toned butt.

Clair had just moved to Cincinnati from Minnesota, where she grew and went to college. She had already found a nice, one bedroom apartment, but without knowing anyone in the area, it didn’t quite feel like home yet. She wanted to fresh and ready for her first day tomorrow and make a good impression with her co-workers, So she decided to go to bed early that night. She put on a soft light blue tight t-shirt and a pair of cute red booty shorts that said "FLIRT" across the butt and crawled into bed.

She was sound asleep, but suddenly jolted awake when her alarm went off at 5:00. It was much earlier then she needed to get up, but wanted to leave plenty of time to get ready. She sat there for just trying to adjust to being awake, and realized just how badly she needed to pee. It took her a second to realize just how urgent it was, she threw the covers off and shot out of bed. She felt herself almost leak as she stood up. Trying to keep her posture perfect in and prevent any leaks, she waddled her way to the bathroom door down the hallway. She felt her bladder spasm, jammed her hands in her crotch, and felt a one second spurt escape her and slightly wet her light blue cotton bikini panties. She took a gasp of air, and continued walking down the hallway to the bathroom, after about 5 steps she felt another small warm burst of urine hit her underwear, feeling the warmth against her.

Claire just grabbed her crotch and powered forward, finally reaching the bathroom door, but having a slightly larger bladder spasm, wetting her red booty shorts for two seconds, this time making a quarter sized wet patch. She crossed her legs, bent forward, and starting to let out a slow trickle of pee out, which ran down her toned right thigh, leaving a trail on her shorts. She quickly yanked down her shorts and panties in one motion and flung her butt onto the toilet seat, releasing her full bladder into the toilet. Claire moaned softly to herself, embarrassed at the fact that she had just wet pants a little at 23 years old. Feeling defeated, she gently tossed her slightly wet clothes in the hamper, and got in the shower.

After the shower, Claire returned to her bedroom to get dressed for her first day of work. She was still a little shaken that she just wet her pants, but put it behind her, and focused on her new job. She knew just what to wear for her first day, a pair of extremely tight light grey pants which showed off her perfect butt, and a clean white button down shirt she tucked it, revealing just a hint of cleavage. Claire looked in the mirror "perfect" she thought, professional but still sexy, especially loving the way her ass looked in these pants. Now she was off to grab a quick coffee before arriving.

She arrived at the station for the first time, a smaller building then she imagined, and quite unspectacular, but it was located right downtown, in the heart of where everything was happening. She walked in, nervous and not entirely sure where to go, but was greeted right away by Mr. Harmon, the news director she interview with. Mr. Harmon was in his 40’s, a little pudgy, wearing black dress pants and a tucked in blue shirt without a tie. “Hi Claire, welcome aboard” he as he shook her hand. "Come on I'll show you around the facility and introduce you to some people." Claire nodded "yeah that would be great" she responded smiling.

Mr. Harmon showed her around the office, an open pit with 40 or so desks, and a couple office along the walls. Claire quickly locked eyes with a very cute young reporter walking bye, he smiled at her, and she shyly said "hi" tucking her hair behind her ear. "oh that's Nick, he's another one of our reporters, you'll actually be shadowing him today" said Mr. Harmon.

Claire was starting to feel the pressure on her bladder from the coffee earlier, nothing major, but before she could ask where the bathrooms were, Nick walked up to her.

"Hi you must be Claire, I'm Nick I understand you'll be shadowing me today.” The two engaged in chit chat on their way down to his car in the parking lot, but all Claire could think about how hot this guy was.

Claire was feeling her bladder build up a little bit in the car, but figured she could hold it in, and felt a little embarrassed about confessing to Nick she need to pee. "so what's this story that were going to be doing?" asked Claire trying to engage in conversation. "oh, it's not the most exciting thing in the world, it's just a soft news piece about this elderly couple who have owned their own business for the past 65 years and are finally retiring, sorry it's not Watergate or anything" said Nick. "oh no, it actually sounds kinda cute, I don't mind doing soft news stuff" said Claire, growing a little more aware of here bladder.

They arrived at the store they owned, where she helped nick set up the camera for the story. Claire tried to soak up all the knowledge she could as Nick interview the couple. Halfway through the interview, Claire felt her bladder fill up even more, and began shifting her weight back and forth, and kept her eyes open for a nearby bathroom. Once they were finished shooting the piece, they packed up their equipment and walked out of the building. Claire noticed a bathroom sign on the way out, but still didn't feel comfortable enough to tell this cute guy she needed to pee. “It just didn't seem professional” she thought.

When the two got back to the car, Nick seemed to notice Claire fidgeting a little, but didn't say anything. Claire noticed him looking a little bit, and gave an awkward smile. The rest of the ride back the two engaged in chitchat, talking about the process of making a news package like this, and Claire's career goals. After driving for a while though, they seemed to hit a traffic jam, and Claire became more aware of her desperation tightly crossing her right leg over her left one.

Sitting in traffic, the conversation between the two seemed to die down a little. They didn't know one another all too well yet. And Claire began to tap her left foot, with her legs still crossed. "Nervous for your first day" asked Nick. Claire looked over, slightly embarrassed that he noticed her fidgeting, but not wanting to reveal her need to pee she lied saying "saying I guess I'm just a little anxious."

"Don't worry, you'll do great, and a girl as attractive as you should have no trouble making it on air" said Nick calmly. Claire bushed a little bit and nodded.

When they eventually got back to the office, Claire wanted to make a quick dash to the restroom, however Nick just led her to the editing computer where they could go over the footage together. "Damn it" she thought to herself, looking over her shoulder at the bathroom sign. As they sat there going over the footage, Claire crossed and uncrossed her legs, and shifted in her seat, now thinking about her bladder every few seconds. Again, Nick noticed her fidgeting "are you uncomfortable or something" nick asked. Claire, turning a little red, and embarrassedly admitted she needed to use the bathroom.

Nick chuckled a little inside, and pointed to where the bathrooms were located. Claire got out of her seat, and as she was standing up, felt the tiniest spurt release into her pink, satin panties. Claire made a face as this happened, but not wanting to show any signs of anguish she quickly walked down the hall to where the bathrooms were. When she reached the stall she felt another tiny spurt wet her panties, although not noticeable on her pants, there was a definite wet patch on her panties "god what is happening to me lately" she thought to herself as she finished off a powerful minute long stream into the bowl.

*004*2017-12-10 16:57

Yeah, I started it a while ago and thought I would use the first part as a jumping off point to expand on it. I'm actually a little surprised anyone remembers it.

*007*2017-12-10 20:03

Alright guys, here's chapter 2. It's a bit of an off-shoot with a dream sequence. I'll try to get more on track with the main storyline in the next couple though.

Claire laid sound asleep in bed, but her mind was racing with a vivid dream, reliving one of the most embarrassing days of her life. She was back in college, taking her final exam for her psychology class. She was sitting in the front row of a 300 person lecture hall, wearing tight, light blue jeans and maroon University of Minnesota t-shirt. She had been drinking coffee all morning, cramming for the test. She was so focused on studying, she didn’t remember to use the bathroom before taking her seat. She really needed to go, but now that the teachers assistant was handing out the exam and she was stuck.

Claire took out her pencil, crossed her legs, and put her in the test, not her bladder. She whipped through the first 20 multiple choice questions in about 15 minutes. Once that section was complete, she looked up at the clock, recomposed herself, and realized just how badly she needed to go. She found herself mindlessly bouncing her leg up and down with her thighs squeezed together tight. Her bladder started to hurt even. Claire noticed the pretty blonde girl Alison, looking at her bouncing legs. Alison gave her a sympathetic smile, able to tell she badly needed to pee. Claire was a little embarrassed that what was basically a stranger knew her predicament. She only has about an hour left in the test, and decided to just focus on her work.

About 30 minutes past, and Claire was really bouncing now. She was wiggling her ample butt in her chair constantly, and bouncing her legs up and down. Just then, she felt a small, warm, wet spurt jet out of her. Claire jumped up in her seat, and grabbed her crotch. Her jolt got the attention of several students around her. Alison leaned over and asked “are you okay?” Claire, now really embarrassed about her situation, whispered “Yeah, I’m fine”. Claire could feel a small wet patch on her ass, but didn’t think it would show on her jeans yet. She was looking around the room, hoping to ask someone if she could run to the bathroom, when the TA came over, a good looking college guy with short brown hair in his early 20’s. “Are you okay” He asked. Claire meekly spit out “I was wondering if I could use the bathroom?” The T.A. gave a cold answer “Sorry, students aren’t allowed to leave during the exam.” And walked back to his desk.

Just then, Claire could feel a longer, 3 second burst of pee come out of her, instantly wetting her panties. She feared there was now a wet patch on her ass if she stood up. She had to hold on, she couldn’t pee her pants in front of a room full of 300 people. She decided she would rush through the rest of the test, and run to the bathroom before it gets any worse.

Only a couple questions left. Claire was bounding up and down, wiggling her butt back and forth, and crossing and uncrossing her legs every few seconds. Other students definitely were aware of her situation now. The students surrounding her looked up at her every few minutes, wondering is she was going to make it. With her mind focusing on the last couple questions, Claire didn’t realize she started to release her bladder. She stood straight up in her seat, and she felt a warmth slowly trickle down her butt for several seconds. Claire reached her hand down to her butt, and her heart skipped a beat when she realized her ass was soaking wet. There was no way she could get up now without other people seeing.

She finished her test a few moments later. Claire looked around the room, with the students with their heads down in their tests, she hoped she could scramble to the front and walk out of there without anyone looking at her wet butt. But when the moment of truth came and she stood up, she heard Alison start snickering. Claire whipped her head around to see Alison with her hand covering her mouth. Claire looked down at her jeans, she had a wet patch on her ass the size of a small plate. She quickly walked to front of the class to hand in her paper to the T.A. As she walked though, her bladder released even more, peeing 4 or 5 seconds as she made her way to hand in her exam. The T.A looked up, and Claire noticed his jaw drop when he looked at her, she didn’t realize just how wet her jeans had become with the last spurt. She now had a hand sized wet spot on the crotch of her faded jeans, which trailed off a couple inches down her left thigh.

Tears formed in Claire’s eyes, as she realized now this cute T.A and her classmate were fully aware she peed her pants. She stood at the front of the room frozen with embarrassment. She heard from the back of the room a guy whisper “What the fuck”. Teary eyed, she moved her hands in front of her crotch trying to block anyone else from seeing her pants. But it was all too much, and Claire started forcibly peeing her pants. She stood straight up with her thighs tightly clasped as her light colored jeans almost instantly darkened.

She had a plate sized wet circle on her crotch, jetting down past her knee on her pant leg, and the pee forcing it’s way up her butt, completely soaking her large, firm ass. The entire 300 person lecture hall was now fixated on her. To her left, Alison and a group of her friends were openly giggling at her. She looked to the right, and a group of guys were pointing and talking among themselves. Others, stared in shock as this gorgeous girl pissed her pants in front of everyone. Claire started crying and walked as quick as she could out of the room…. And woke up from her deep sleep.

She woke up to the sound of hissing, with a warm feeling around her crotch and butt. She sat up puzzled for a moment, before she realized what was happening. "oh fuck" she muttered as she quickly jumped out of bed and ran to the bathroom still peeing. There was already a dinner plate sized wet patch on her left butt cheek of her pajama pants where she was laying down and the inside of her left thigh had a growing streak as she ran to the bathroom. She yanked down her pajama's and panties in one motion, and finished off in the toilet. It was a little too late, her pajama pants were soaking, even her white tank top had a yellow pee stain on it, where she was laying down. "God what is happening to me" she whimpered to herself, humiliated that she just wet the bed.

Claire had to put it behind her though, and get ready for her second day of work as a reporter.

*009*2017-12-14 02:10

Part 3. let me knew if you guys have any tips or suggestions where I should take it next.

Claire needed to push her bedwetting incident out of her mind and focus on work. After a hot shower, she pulled on a pair of tight bright red pants over her white thong, a white satin tank tank top, and a cream cardigan sweater. She looked in her full length mirror in her bedroom, turning her ass towards it. She hated to seem vein, but she really loved the way her body looked. Her tight pants cupping her large, perfectly round butt.

Claire put on a pot of coffee as she started gathering a few photos and personal things to decorate her desk. Cincinnati still didn’t feel like home, but she hoped making her desk at work seem her own would help. She looked at the clock, 8:15, she was already a little behind. She took a large swig of coffee from her thermos and took off for work with her box of pictures.

Claire struggled getting her box out of her by herself in the station parking lot. She tried wedging it against her car as she tried getting a hand underneath it, but it slipped and spilled all over concrete. “Shit” Claire mumbled under her breath. She tucked her hair behind her ear, bent over at the waist and started putting her pictures back in the cardboard box.

Nick was pulling into the parking lot just then. He couldn’t take his eyes off this gorgeous girl’s ass as she was bending in those tight red pants. Nick jogged towards her “Need a hand” he said cheerfully. Claire gave a shy smile “I’d love one” she said, and the two finished putting the pictures back in the box. “How are you adjusting” Nick said trying to make idle chit chat. “Umm, pretty good, I still don’t know a lot of people. But it seems like a really great station so far.” Claire said. Nick opened the door for her, and put his hand on her mid back as she walked through. Don’t worry about it, I’m sure a girl like you will fit in just fine. I think you’re shadowing me again, so I“ll see you in a bit” Nick said flirtaciously, as the two headed down different hallways.

As Claire was arranging the pictures on her desk, she put her lips up to her coffee thermos, but realized it was empty as she tipped it back. She felt a small amount of pressure in her bladder, and made a mental note to refill her mug after running to the bathroom before the morning pitch meeting. Before she could run to the bathroom though, she heard “Settling in okay?” in high pitched voice behind her. Claire turned around and saw a beautiful woman in her mid 20’s with long, bright red straight hair and huge green eyes. “Hi, I’m Megan, it looks like we’re desk buddies” she said gesturing to her desk right next to Claire. Claire noticed Megan’s body as she sat down. Claire wasn’t gay, but took note of her incredible tight frame and small perky ass in a tight, short black dress.

“Oh hey, it’s nice to meet you, I’m Claire” She said sticking out her hand. “Very formal of you, how do you do”? Megan said playfully. “So how are you liking it so far?” Claire said “Good, I’m still getting used to everything” but her eyes drifted off to the staircase to her right as she noticed Nick walking down, giving him a shy smile. “Already making friends” Megan said with a raised eyebrow “He’s single you know”. Claire laughed the comment off “I don’t know if I want to date a coworker right off the bat” Claire said laughingly. Just then the news director Mr. Harmon shouted out for everyone to meet for the morning pitch meeting. “Damn it” Claire thought to herself, I didn’t get a chance to run to the bathroom yet.

Claire learned she would still be training with Nick today, and the two would cover a story about a college girls basketball team boycotting their next few games over the suspension of one of their players. Before Claire could run off to the bathroom, Nick came up to her and said Hey, we need to run over there before we’re late to our interview.”

“Sure, no problem” Claire said, now feeling the pressure in her bladder grow heavier.

Claire, was quiet most of the car ride over, not conscience of the fact that she was holding her thighs together, needing to pee. Nick broke the silence “So, I’m going to let you take the lead on this one. You’ll do the interview by yourself, and I’ll wait in the lobby.” Claire took a big gulp from her water bottle “Do you think I’m ready already”. Nick looked away from the road and straight in into her brown eyes “Yeah, you’ll be great, don’t worry.”

Claire looked around for a bathroom as soon as she walked into the college sports center, but disappointed she didn’t see one nearby. She realized she didn’t have enough time to go searching for one, so decided to suck up and hold it until she got back to work.

Just then, a pretty tall brunette girl with her hair in pony tail, wearing short gym shorts and her basketball jersey came up to both Nick and Claire “Hey, I’m Marie, are you the guys from WAAR we’re supposed to meet with?” She asked warmly. Before Claire could say anything Nick chimed in “Just Claire here will be interviewing you guys, I’ll wait here in the lobby area.” As both Claire and Marie walked back to a small room where the rest of the team was waiting Claire saw a ladies room sign out of the corner of her eye. Really feeling the pressure in her bladder now, she was tempted to slip in their quick, but didn’t want to leave everyone waiting so decided to hold out.

Claire immediately crossed her legs as she sat down in a metal folding chair and took another big swig of water before asking her first question “So, why don’t you guys start by just telling me your side of the story?” Claire tried her best to concentrate on what they were saying, but the college girls weren’t used to these kinds of interviews and started rambling. Her mind shifted back to her bladder as she found herself shuffling her ass back in forth in her seat.

“So, I think I understand your guys situation, you basically want to show solidarity for your teammate, and not play until she can come back? Claire asked, trying to get things back on track. All she wanted to do was wrap up the interview, and run to the bathroom at this point, but wanted to be professional. Marie started going into a tangent that seemingly lasted an eternity. Claire couldn’t focus on her answers, she needed to pee soon, or suffer a repeat of the small accident she had yesterday. Claire now had her thighs tightly crossed with her hands pressing against her legs tight. She tried to cut off Marie, but the groups of cute college players were just rambling on and on.

Claire was bouncing her legs up and down slowly, grinding her heel into the ground with her toned thigh still tightly crossed as she sat there, listening to these girls go on….and on… and on… until she felt a small dribble hit her white thong underneath those tight red pants. Nothing was visible on her pants though. Claire tried her hardest not to show it on her face how desperate she was. 25 minutes passed, and Claire had all she needed for the interview “Okay, well I think I got what I needed, thank you guys so much.” Claire stood up straight and started shaking hands with the girls, wiggling her hips back and forth as she did. Marie asked “So when is this going to air exactly?” Claire stood with her left knee slightly bent and her thighs together trying to answer a series of these girls never ending questions, when she felt another small one second spurt escape her.

She could feel her panties were a little wet, this time a small dime sized wet patch appeared on her crotch. Claire said he final goodbye, but as she turned around her foot caught the metal folding chair and she stumbled. Claire found her footing before falling to the ground, but the motion made her bladder relax, and she could feel warm pee come out of her….one Mississippi… two Mississippi… three Mississippi. Just three seconds of peeing felt like an eternity. With her back now to the group of girl she looked down at her crotch of her tight red pants, and found to her horror there was a palm sized wet spot on her crotch. She walked as quickly as she could out of the room without running, not realizing that the group of college girls were starring in shock at the grapefruit sized pee stain in the shape of upsidedown heart on her butt.

Claire sprinted into the bathroom she passed on the way in, and released a floof of pent up pee in the toilet. She looked down at her panties as she sat on the toilet, noticing they were soaking wet and yellow. She patted them down with toilet paper as best she could before pulling her tight pants back on. Claire started tearing up and was shaking as she surveyed the damage. She knew Nick was waiting for her just outside the lobby. What was she going to do? There was a clearly noticeable hand sized wet spot on her crotch, and a grapefruit sized wet spot on her ass. Her tight pants hugging her wide hips were not going her any favors hiding her embarrassment. She then got a bright idea, dry her pants off on the hand dryers outside the stall. She looked under the door to double check it was empty before stepping out. On her tip toes, she moved her crotch up to the hand dryer. With shaking hands, she pulled on her pants, desperately trying to dry them under the heat, but it wasn’t working.

Just then, Marie and two other girls walked into the bathroom. All three girls jaws dropped to the floor. Claire looked like a deer in the headlights and froze in place. “Oh my god” one of them said as all three giggled openly at poor Claire, keeping their eyes fixated on her pee stains. It was all hitting her, she had just peed her pants in front of a group of college girls at work, and was drying her pants in the bathroom…. How did it ever come to this. Claire quickly walked out of the bathroom and into the hallway. Before turning the corner to face Nick, she became frantic about how to hide the pee stain from Nick. She pulled on her sweater trying to cover it, but it was too short. “Duh” she thought to herself, she took off her cardigan tied it around her waist. Her butt was covered, she just had to make sure to keep her arms of the sweater in front of the pee stain on her crotch. Why didn’t she think of this sooner?

Nick stood up as Claire walked towards her “Did you get hot? He asked, thinking that’s why he took off her sweater. Claire looked down and sheepishly said “Yeah, I get warm sometimes.” The two drove back to the station in near silence, and thankfully her pee stain dried before she had to get out of the car again. No one at work knew about her little accident, but Claire made an appointment for a doctor that day. This could NOT happen again.

*011*2017-12-19 02:58

Part 4 for anyone interested.

Another morning, another wet diaper to wake up to. Claire had been wetting the bed every night for more than two weeks now, and was almost getting used to taking off her wet Depend pull-up in the morning. The doctor said there was nothing medically wrong with her, and her overactive bladder was most likely due to the stress of just moving. Luckily, she hasn’t had any daytime accidents since wetting her pants in front of those college basketball players. Claire stripped off her wet diaper, showered and got ready for work. She put on a pair of light grey plaid work pants that hugged her round ass, and a white button down short sleeve shirt that she tucked in. The outfit showed a hint of cleavage and really accentuated her wide hips. She scarfed down a bowl of cereal and a mug of coffee and left for work.

Claire had her head in the fridge, grabbing a water bottle when she felt someone pinch her on the ass. “Was is Nick?” She thought to herself. It was a “a little aggressive, but she didn’t hate the idea of him coming-on to her either. When Claire turned around though, she laughed when she realized it was Megan. She really grew close to her redheaded desk mate. Megan smiled at her “Sorry, I couldn’t help myself, you look GOOD girl.” Claire was a little uncomfortable and jokingly said “You know I’m not gay right?” Megan laughed slightly “Yeah I know. I actually was hoping to talk to you about something. This guy I’ve been dating has a friend and….” Megan trailed off. Claire sighed “You’re not asking me on a double date are you?” Megan got really excited “Come on, It’ll be fun, plus he’s really cute.” Claire put her hands on her hips “Alright, I guess a couple drinks couldn’t hurt.” Megan squeeled at her answer “Perfect, I’ll set it up.”

“So I’ll see you in the morning meeting in a minute then? Megan said. Claire pointed in the other direction “I’m actually covering the opening of the Bengals training camp today and will go live from there.”

“Oooh, so they’re having you do sports now, didn’t take you for a jock” Megan joked to her. Claire laughed to herself “Yeah, I’m not exactly sporty, but I don’t think they have anyone else available. Wish me luck.”

Claire was paired up with the cameraman Ryan today. He was cute, but a bit of a hipster for Claire’s taste with his large black beard, skinny jeans and flannel shirts. Ryan and Claire drove to the Bengals training facility in silence, as Claire started feeling a need to pee. She crossed her legs in her seat and made a plan to find the bathroom as soon as they got there.

As soon as their SUV pulled up Claire’s eyes scanned the area for a bathroom. There were fans crawling everyone. She spotted a group of porta potty’s near the practice field, but the line was a mile long. She really didn’t want to wait in line, plus the thought of using a porta potty grossed her out. She hoped once she went inside the small building used for training she could find a bathroom. She turned to Ryan her camera man “Hey, why don’t you go get a few shots of players practicing, I’ll run inside and find the Public Relations guy and see what I can get for interviews? She said as she headed briskly walked to the building.

Claire could really feel the pressure in her bladder now. She had small quick steps as she went into the lobby and walked up to a receptionist, an older blonde woman dressed in a blazer. “Excuse me” Claire said gently “I’m looking for Mark Clemens, I’m with WAAR” The receptionist looked up at Claire “He’s actually in a meeting for the next couple hours, but he did want to let everyone in the media know that Coach Lewis is doing a press conference at 4:00 on the field after practice.”

Claire looked at her watch, an hour to kill until then.

“Thanks” Claire said quietly leaning into the desk “Do you have a bathroom I could use in here, I really need to go.” The receptionist gave a sympathetic smile “Sorry, it’s employees only, you’ll have to use the porta pottys by the field.” Claire lifted her right heel off the ground and pressed her thighs together, really feeling the pressure building in her bladder. She would be fine she thought “I still have plenty of time before the press conference.”

She caught up with Ryan outside who was shooting practice, and tapped him on the shoulder “Hey, there’s a press conference in an hour, I’m going to run to the bathroom, I’ll be back in a minute.” Ryan nodded “Take your time, I’ll just get a few more shots here.”

Claire’s face dropped when saw the line. There had to be 50 people waiting for two porta pottys. “Who plans these events” She thought to herself as she started fidgeting with her shoulder length brown hair.

Ten minutes later, it seemed like the line barely moved. Behind her was an overweight bald middle aged fan in a Bengals jersey, in front of her was a pretty blonde girl in a bengals t shirt and tight jeans. Claire was standing with her feet crossed, constantly wiggling her hips back in forth. Claire tapped the girl in front of her “Excuse me, I hate to ask this, but I’m really in a rush, do you mind if I cut in front of you?” The Blonde woman turned around “Sorry, I actually really need to go, I’m dying for the bathroom, otherwise I would.” Claire just smiled back at her “It’s okay, I totally understand” she said warmly but in her mind thinking “Shit, this line needs to hurry up.”

There were about five people in front of her now, Claire couldn’t keep herself from constantly shuffling. She couldn’t grab her crotch openly in public, so shoved her hands in her small back pockets, lifted her right leg up slightly and rubbed her thighs together. Claire heard behind her “can’t take the long lines, haha” The guy behind her joked as he clearly noticed how bad she needed to pee. Claire was a little embarrassed about her predicament , tucked her hair behind her ear and said “Yeah, they probably should have had more than two of these things.”

Claire noticed the blonde girl in front of swaying her hips side to side now. Watching her dance in place didn’t help, as Claire felt a spurt rush out of her urethra. Claire bent over at the waist and instinctively grabbed her crotch with her right hand. Luckily she was able to stop her flow before it left her body. But she really had to be careful now. Her tight grey plaid pants would show any sign of wetness and she had nothing to tie around her waist if she had to.

She hated that she had to think ahead how to handle wetting her pants in public, but after the incident a couple weeks ago, she knew it wasn’t out of the question. The blonde girl in front of was next in line. She openly was grabbing her crotch every few seconds and constantly shifting her weight back and forth. As soon as she saw someone come out of the porta potty, she blonde woman darted in and slammed the door behind her.

“One more to go Claire thought to herself” She stood up straight as an arrow, with her thighs tightly slammed together, trying to keep her bladder from contracting for just a couple more minutes until she can finally pee. Just then, she felt a hand on her shoulder, and she jumped around to see Ryan “Hey, they’re wrapping up practice a little early, Coach is going to talk to the press in ten minutes, we need to get going. Claire looked longingly at the locked porta potty “Now” Ryan said urgently “Or we’re going to be late” Claire just shook her head yes and followed him, taking tiny quick steps to avoid peeing her pants on the spot.

The other reporters and camera men were giving Claire the side eye as everyone was setting up. She was openly dancing in place with her hand in pressed firm against her outer thighs. “Hey are you okay?” Ryan asked “You look like you need to pee” Claire turned red faced, realizing everyone, knew she need to piss. She forced a smile and said “I’ll be fine.” Ryan looked at the players finishing stretching after practice “Do you know who you want to interview for you live shot at 5:00?” Claire was so focused on not wetting her pants, she forgot about work, and her live interview in an hour. “Ummmm” she mumbled to herself when Ryan cut her off “I think Dalton would be the best bet, and the Bengals media people already said he would be available.” Claire barely knew who Andy Dalton was even when she wasn’t under distress, so thought it would be best to just agree with whatever Ryan suggested at this point. “Yeah, that sounds good, you know more than I do about this.” Claire said jokingly.

The coach walked up to the group of reporters very informally. “Alright, let’s get this started” he said. Claire was happy to let the others ask the questions and just stand back. She couldn’t think about anything but her now painful bladder. Her legs were crossed tight and her butt was constantly wiggling back and forth as the press conference seemed to last a lifetime. She couldn’t take in a word the coach was rambling on about. She felt the tiniest bit of pee escape and Claire slammed both of her hands into her crotch. She noticed the other starring at her awkwardly, and she stood up, trying to keep it as professional as she could right now. She could feel a tiny bit of wetness in her black silk thong, but when she looked down her crotch her pants were dry. She gently felt her ass with her hands, checking for wetness, but thankfully found nothing on her rear too.

As the couch finally finished talking, he saw Ryan Jog over to the quarterback Andy Dalton, talking him into a live interview “Thank god he’s on top of things today, I’m useless right now” She thought to herself. She saw Dalton waiting around talking to a teammate as Ryan jogged back to her “Alright, he’s good to go, I told him you would do a couple minute interview at 5:00.” Claire looked over at the porta potty’s, there was only about 10 people in line right now. “Great, I’m going to run over to the bathroom first” Claire said, with a quivering lip. Ryan looked at the line, then at his watch “I don’t think we have time” You’re up in 20 minutes. Claire looked longingly at the bathrooms, with tears starting to form in her eyes now. “Don’t worry, you can go when you’re done” Ryan said sympathetically, realizing just how bad his gorgeous co-worker needed to pee.

Claire tried to make idle chit chat with the player before the shot, but found it hard with her bladder. She couldn’t grab her crotch in front of him, but had her right leg was raised about a foot off the ground, rubbing her thighs together, doing everything she could to keep the pent up pee in just a little longer. “So you live in town long then?” He asked her. Claire’s voice was shaking and could barely put a sentence together “Umm, what? Yeah a long time…. No, I just moved here, what am I saying.” Ryan Dalton looked at her “Don’t be nervous, I’m really just like everyone else.” Claire thought to herself “Dodx he think she was nervous because she was a fan? I wish that was case right now.”

Ryan counted her down, and when the red light went on and she was live on air, she was actually able to put her bladder out of mind. “Hi, I’m live here with Andy Dalton, whose getting back to the gridiron for the first time since last season. How’s it feel to be back?” Once her question was asked she relaxed a little bit, which at this point, was the worst thing she could do. She felt a slow two second spurt of pee escape her, and her neck snapped down to look at the damage. She panicked as saw a small wet stain the size grape on the crotch of her tight plaid, grey pants.

Ryan noticed her face drop, and so did the thousands of people watching live at home. Claire was now visible shaking, “So ummm, how do you, ummm, keep in shape in the off season.” She asked with her thighs and heels pressed together tight. The quarterback was the only one watching Claire who didn’t realize something was wrong. He started talking for 20 seconds, when Claire felt another spurt escape her… except this one kept going she kept her eyes on Dalton as she felt the warmth run down her toned left thigh… then down to her knee….

Then down her right thing… then back up her perfectly round ass. Andy Dalton stopped mid sentence “What the!!!! Am I on a prank show? He shouted looking down at her. Tears were streaming down Claire’s eyes as she looked at her pants. She had a plate sized wet patch on her crotch which then shot down both of her legs past her knees. Both her ass cheeks were soaking wet, with pee stains running down to the back of her knees on her tight grey pants.

“What is happening here?” Andy Dalton asked in astonishment. Back at the station, Nick had a disgusted look on his face as he watched his co-worker pee her pants live on air. Megan looked heartbroken, feeling awful for her friend. Some of her other co-workers were rolling on the floor with laughter, others just starring in amazement. Claire could do nothing but put her trembling hands on her outer thighs and stare down at the ground I horror. Back in the studio they had cut back to the main anchors at the desk who looked shell shocked. ”We’ll be right back after this” said the older male anchor. Claire and Ryan walked back to the car in silence. He put newspaper on the car seat to protect it, and not a word was spoken between the two as he drove her back to the station, and she made her way home.

