DC Drabbles!

Author: CoruptCoquette

*000*2017-01-28 19:53

(( I have a lot of great fics planned but writing those takes a lot of time, so in the meantime I thought it'd be cool to make a thread for a few of my dc-related drabbles that I still really like (aka headcanon posts that got out of hand partway through typing but I didn't want to re-edit the headcanon parts to match the writing style so they're a weird mix of idea-spouting and actual dialogue/plot, but not quite a full fic)! You might have seen these floating around tumblr lmao, but most of that fanbase seems to be anime so I figured I'd spread them here too. These are all untitled, but I'll toss in a quick label of the fandom and characters! These are by no means edited masterpieces lmao, but feedback is appreciated! ))

~~~

Drabble #1 - (Fandom: Young Justice, Characters involved: Artemis Crock, M'gann M'orzz/Miss Martian, No major spoilers)

It starts off as a personal training exercise. Bathroom breaks aren’t an option when you need to chase down criminals or stakeout a warehouse. She’s trained the rest of her body for endurance, why not her bladder too? Another way to better herself and her skills. Another way to prove she is an asset to the team. Another way to be better than Roy.

And as the next week or two goes on, as the amount of hours the private holds in her room last increases, she finds she begins to enjoy it. A lot. Not just for the satisfaction whenever she beats a new personal record. No, there are definitely other ways these holds become pleasurable.

And then one day, maybe a month or so later, she pushes herself a bit too far. Barely making it into her bathroom in time to shut the door, she loses the control she’d been training for, fighting to achieve all this time. Here she is, Artemis, a heroine, Green Arrow’s goddamn apprentice , pissing herself full force all over the white tile floor. And she should be furious at herself for losing her own little contest, embarrassed, disappointed. But she isn’t any one of those things. All she can do is bite her knuckles on one hand to muffle the moans of relief, of ecstacy, and be thankful for the fact that her mother is far enough away with the tv playing that she won’t be able to hear the hissing from behind the thin wooden door.

And maybe later on, in a private conversation with M'gann, it somehow comes up. And the martian, ever so curious about humans and how they work, and wishing to learn so she may better emulate this strange Earth species, asks if maybe, she could participate. Or at least watch.

And so one day, the next week, while Tornado is out on a mission and the others are busy with their mentors, or schoolwork or home lives, and Connor is off doing krypton-knows-what with Sphere and Wolf, they have their little game in The Cave. And as the hours pass, they talk. About school and boys and girls and missions, with the human trying to appear as calm and collected as possible despite her predicament, and the poor martian wriggling and squirming and bouncing around as her body sends her signals the intensity of which she’s never experienced before!

And finally, despite all the gentle but confident encouragement Artemis tries to instill in her, she has to cave. Knuckles raw with bite marks, belt and cape long since tossed away and face flushed dark green, the girl barely manages to stand as her trembling legs threaten to buckle underneath her, one hand firmly grasping her crotch as she hobbles away to the bathroom (there’s no way she’d have enough mental concentration to fly, she can barely think to walk). After several minutes she returns, still rather curious to see how long her friend could last.

And as time passes, M'gann comes to realize that although the holding itself was a bit too much for her to enjoy when inflicted upon herself, watching her friend fidgeting before her is an entirely different story. It starts with a bit of verbal teasing. The martian reclining in the air, smugly going on about how great it felt to finally let go after all that torture. Just how badly was the human hurting? Surely a lot, judging by the bladder bulge visible from Artemis’ crop top! The blonde told her to knock it off, but she was grinning. Perhaps from simple amusement at her antics. But perhaps she was actually enjoying the added challenge another person could bring to what had previously been a solo test of willpower.

That was when she decided to give her telepathy a try. A flash of a running faucet, the quickest glimpse of a waterfall she remembered from an Earth nature tv program J'ohnn had sent to Mars. Just little things at first. A glance at her friend told her it was working. She was unsure if she should continue, seeing as humans were so much more guarded about having their brains projected into or searched, but then Artemis smirked. “Was that the best you could do, M'gann? Maybe I should ask Kaldur to splash some water in front of me instead, that would be more of a challenge!”

And so another hour passed. The images in her brain were constant now, a flood even, if you were a punning piece of shit like Wally. Artemis found it was much harder to hold on when you couldn’t shift your thoughts to something else for even a second. Up until now it had always been a source of useful distraction, but now it was only the highest form of torture. When her muscles spasmed harshly enough for her to leak for several seconds she gasped, stiffening and hunching over even further than she’d been for the past hour. “Aah! Okay okay! I give! I give up! Shit, you can stop!”

In a show of pity, and as an apology for all that mental torture, the martian levitated her friend to the bathroom before closing the door and waiting in the hallway. Definitely for the best, seeing as Artemis could barely stand, much less walk.

And after they’d settled back on the couch with cookies the martian had baked long beforehand, with M'gann’s favourite cooking show playing on the tv (that honestly, Artemis didn’t find entertaining at all, but that was the price you paid for friendship, she supposed. Especially friends that were willing to help out with your gross-ass kinks), Artemis broached the question.

“So, what’d you think?”

“It was…interesting.” the martian started. “I don’t think I like doing it, not like you do. But teasing you was kind of fun!”

“Yeah, it was a lot harder than doing it myself, that’s for sure.” She mumbled around a mouthful of cookie.

“Do you…do you think we could do it again sometime? I think it would really help my human observations!”

She hadn’t really expected the martian to like any part of this in the first place, much less ask to do it a second time. But what the heck. They’d both get something out of it. “If you want, yeah.” She caught the martian’s grin from the corner of her gaze. “But if you tell anyone else about this, I swear I’ll kick you so hard, you’ll be sent flying back to Mars!” There was a playful grin on her masked face, but her tone was dead serious.

The martian raised her hands in mock surrender, giggling. “Don’t worry, Artemis, I won’t tell! I swear!” M'gann brushed a strand of red hair out of her eyes, glancing back at the tv. “I’m good at keeping secrets…”

*001*2017-01-28 20:05

(( This one's probably the shortest out of the four I'm posting, it was just a quick little concept that I might like to expand upon later! ))

~~~

Drabble #2 - (Fandom: Young Justice, Spoilers: MAJOR FOR S2, Characters involved: M'gann M'orzz/Miss Martian, Artemis Crock/Tigress)

Concept: While held hostage by Black Manta to repair the immense psychological damage she caused his son, M'gann finds herself increasingly irritated by twinges that she doesn’t quite understand at first, as her thoughts are almost completely consumed with anxiety, self-loathing, and guilt. She finally registers what they were after Kaldur'am tried to kill her and Artemis in his mind, since the shock and terror sent an extra strong jolt throughout her. Luckily, things calm down, and she begins the long reparation process. She is able to forget about it for a bit, but as the hours pass the Martian is constantly wriggling in her seat next to the hospital bed. Any movement of her physical body causes her ties to the mental plane to sever as she loses concentration, so she tries her best to stop.

After all, fixing her friend is far more important. She needs to atone for all the pain she’s caused, and this bit of physical pain is nothing compared to what Kaldur went through! Artemis, who has now left the mental plane since Kaldur relaxed and is now back to her normal “guard duty” in case the Martian attempts to escape, raises an eyebrow behind her mask at the soft gasps coming from the girl now and then. She’s trembling slightly, Artemis notices. But she figures it must be the strain of doing such intense telepathy for so long, and aside from tossing concerned glances at her now and again, she doesn’t do anything about it. She doesn’t want to risk damaging either of them by breaking their psychic-trance-thing to ask if she’s okay, after all. Psychic stuff is weird. It isn’t until she hears a sharp squeal, half-choked back in an effort to stay quiet, that she starts towards M'gann with a jolt.

“M'ga-” she cuts herself off quickly, hoping she hadn’t blown her cover by revealing a personal connection to their hostage. It was a good thing she’d cut her sentence short, because the lack of noise allowed her to catch the sound in the room. Trickling, and pattering. Oh . A soft moan escapes from between the Martian’s slim fingers as she keeps her hand clasped over her mouth. The girls stay relatively silent for several minutes, spare the occasional pant or moan from M'gann as the relief overtakes her. Once she finally finishes, Artemis takes a few steps towards the chair, taking care to avoid stepping in the puddle below. “You should have told me. They wouldn’t have objected to letting you go, as long as I went with you.” The Martian shakes her head, numb with a dizzying blend of exhaustion and relief, but burning with shame as well, biting the fingernails on one hand as her cheeks flushed a dark emerald.

“I know.” she replies quietly. Her voice is shaking, cracking on certain words as she forces them past the lump gathering in her throat.

“I just…I just want to fix him!” She forces back the tears gathering at the corners of her eyes. “I can’t stop thinking about…a-about what I did. A-and I know an apology will never be enough, b-but if I can bring him back, a-as soon as I can, so he won’t miss out on so much, then..a-at least I’ll have done something to make up for it…” She hadn’t wanted to stop working, not for something so stupid. But the pain was too much for her physical body to take, and she’d been ripped away from the mental plane when it finally gave way.

She deserved this humiliation anyway. At least some suffering, to remind her of her faults. Artemis places a hand on her shoulder. “Come on. Let’s get you cleaned up. It’s not like he’s going anywhere, right?” That probably wasn’t a good joke to make, but it was all Artemis could think of right now. She tells herself to come up with something more comforting later. With a nod, the Martian stands, following her guard out of the room after Artemis explained the situation to some of the lackeys waiting outside.

*003*2017-01-28 20:24

Drabble #3 - (Fandom: Supergirl live action tv show, Characters involved: Kara Danvers, Cat Grant, No major spoilers, Supercat implied)

Alright so. Kara is always putting the needs of others before herself and IMO that is the best possible quality for these scenarios! Just imagine poor Kara, who stayed up late saving the city and promptly collapsed in bed and overslept before rushing off to work, forced to deal with her very hot but very demanding boss. And every time she begins to consider slipping away for a moment Cat needs something, and of course she can’t keep CAT waiting so she helps anyway, and this cycle continues for HOURS. And she keeps telling herself that it’s fine, she can suck it up and put it off a bit longer, because her biology is different so she can hold much more, much longer than humans can.

But she fails to take into account that she drank quite a bit last night while she was scarfing down a ton of dinner before she slept for an eternity, so she really is kind of actually at her limit even if she doesn’t realise it. And Kara is still helping and putting on that adorable (slightly strained) puppy dog smile, except it’s definitely close to the evening by now and she’s biting her lip and fidgeting and her legs keep crossing and uncrossing as she stands without her even noticing she’s doing it. Although the ever-observant Cat notices, of course, and she smirks a bit and probably keeps giving her assistant orders just to see how long she’ll put it off before she finally caves and asks, because it’s pretty amusing (and admittedly a little hot) watching the poor girl squirm around like this.

What Cat doesn’t count on is that Kara never actually brings herself to ask.

It’s just about 30 minutes until they would have all left the office when it happens. Cat’s looking over something or other that the girl just brought her, occasionally glancing out of the corner of her eye in time to see Kara bouncing a bit in place where she stands waiting to her left, before her assistant catches herself and stops, crossing her legs firmly again. She’s bitten her bottom lip so hard and so often throughout today that there’s quite a bit of blood on it, some dried, some fresh.

Kara tries to explain something about the papers in her boss’s hands, but her voice is so breathy and stammered that her words fall short of making any real sense, and she ends up repeating certain pieces of information several times, still with no real result. Cat rolls her eyes, opening her mouth to make some sort of sarcastic remark about her assistant’s apparent lack of explanatory skills, but she’s cut off before she could even draw a breath as Kara suddenly doubles over with a sharp, strangled sort of cry, somewhere between a yelp of pain and a quick gasp of air.

Cat quickly swiveled in her chair to face her, actually concerned by the sight of the girl doubled over, wondering if it was some sort of stomach pain, but before she could ask the first telltale spatters were heard as they shot from the girl’s undergarments (and the handfuls of skirt she was currently shoving against them in a desperate attempt to stop it). Kara alternated between pants of effort and the nervous whines of a puppy needing to be let outside as she struggled to contain it, face flushed bright red.

Her eyes watered with the strain, but despite her best attempt to get herself back under control, the gentle spatters soon turned into spurts and gushes, eventually evolving into a hissing torrent as she gave in, one slightly wet hand clasped over her mouth in sheer mortification, although she couldn’t help but moan a few times as relief coursed through her. That wasn’t the only emotion coursing through her though. Sick, burning shame ate away at her as rivulets ran down her legs, legs that felt like jelly, unable to support her as they buckled and she ended up on her knees, the carpet squelching under them as she continued to utterly drench it. She should have been stronger than this, she was a superhero for goodness sake!

And Cat probably ended up only able to stare, slack-jawed, at her assistant throughout all of this, face flushed equally as red. And maybe she feels a little guilty, because she was the one who was keeping the girl busy today just to mess with her, although IN HER DEFENSE she had honestly thought Kara would have the common sense to ASK, responsibilities or not, if she was THAT fucking close to soaking herself! She was also rather impressed by the sheer volume of liquid Kara seemed to be unleashing, even though it was definitely going to ruin her carpet (and a new one would definitely be coming out of the girl’s paycheck).

Eventually it finally comes to an end, with an exhausted Kara still sitting in her carpet puddle as Cat comes to her senses and steps outside the clear glass wall of her office to yell at all of her gawking employees to stop staring and get back to work before she fires them on the spot. With the pathetic ants sent scurrying back to their desks, heads down, she returns, high heels stepping carefully around the mess as Kara starts sobbing, full of snotty-nosed apologies for the inconvenience and the mess and wasting Cat’s time and desperate offers to pay for the carpet.

And Cat, for once, does not deliver the scathing remarks Kara was expecting, instead plucking a tissue from her desk and using it to clad her hand before holding it out to gently help her still-crying assistant up, and she murmurs something Kara couldn’t entirely catch except “we’ll talk about it later” before she beckons for the girl to follow her out of the office, presumably to take her to another floor and get her changed into some dry clothes (and kill the last ten minutes so the others will have left) before the awkward rides home as they each dwelled upon what had happened.

Kara, with complete embarrassment and self berating for losing control when mere humans at the office hadn’t, and also a bit of curiosity at why her boss had been so nice about it. Cat, with mild frustration at her sweet little assistant for being so damn selfless that she would put herself through something like that all day, and also with heated, flustered thoughts as she remembered in vivid detail the imagery she had witnessed. Maybe, just because of that little show, she wouldn’t take that carpet fee out of her paycheck…

*004*2017-01-28 20:27

((Alrighty, this is the last of my current drabbles! Any future pieces will be added to this thread, so keep watch! >;3c ))

~~~

Drabble #4 - (Fandom: Supergirl live action tv show, Characters involved: Kara Danvers, Cat Grant (slightly), No major spoilers, Supercat)

Consider: Kara with an omo fetish.

I mean, she’s got super hearing, she’s probably able to hear every tiny moan and whine under someone’s breath, every tiny droplet hitting underwear fabric if they leak even the slightest bit even when it doesn’t show. And yeah, she’s probably able to block out most of that super hearing now bc it’s necessary to function in her day-to-day life, but what about when she was younger? What if, when she got to earth, she was surprised as she started learning just how often humans go compared to kryptonians?

Yes, there was a mishap or two at first when she was still learning what Earth bathrooms looked like (because her home planet architecture was super different), but after that it seemed like Alex was always having to pause their games to dart off. And then as she grew up in school, she couldn’t help but notice all the little things, the subtle squirming and choked-back whimpers of her fellow students, the handful of times a boy or girl didn’t make it completely dry, that one time a kid didn’t make it out of his seat at all.

And she didn’t know why, but it intrigued her. She couldn’t help but focus on it whenever she noticed it, and maybe once or twice when she hit high school she tried, really, really tried to let herself get to that same point so she could experience it, to know how it felt to be that helpless and desperate and human, but it never quite worked because she was too strong and drinking as much as she really needed would have looked too strange. And it frustrated her a little bit, even though she had no idea why something in her wanted that so badly in the first place. But she tried to force it down and stop paying so much attention, because really, she had other things in her life to worry about, and if she was too different to lose control like that, what was the point in trying anyway?

But then one day during her last year of high school, someone really attractive has their legs crossed in class. And suddenly, that ability to block out unrelated sounds that she’s honed for the last year or so is lost on her, because she can’t help but listen to every soft, breathless moan and hitch of breath as they try to speak normally to their peers. Kara doesn’t know why she’s so interested, why her heart seems to pound faster anytime that student struggles. Maybe it’s second-hand anxiety, a bizarre form of concern for the poor person. Part of her wonders if she should try to help, because helping is in her nature, but for some reason she can’t bring herself to speak up, to offer some sort of excuse to get them out of class. So she sits, and listens, and her own breath catches in her throat when the unmistakeable spatter of liquid hits that persons underwear, and she keeps her gaze on her paper when her cheeks heat up.

And then that person has bolted to the teacher’s desk with the painfully slow speed humans have even when moving at their quickest, and they’re dancing and begging and she can’t remove her focus from their legs and their face as they take the hall pass. And she hears it before the other person can even process it, she hears the spurts that mean the dam is breaking and then their pants are flooding and her peers are laughing but she didn’t really notice the cackling at all because her ears are still focused on the smaller sounds, the hissing and the splashing and it’s like some kind of strange symphony.

And once it’s over and the student is escorted out and Kara can bring her focus back to the world around her, she realizes she doesn’t feel as badly for that kid as she should have. Because there’s a strong, unmistakeable throbbing between her legs and her face is flushed with heat and she realizes then, she finally understands why she’d always taken such an interest in the subject, why she tried so hard to feel it herself, because she liked seeing the humans like that! And she spends the rest of the week replaying that one event over and over in her head, and part of it makes her feel sickened with herself, because she shouldn’t want the humans to hurt like that, to suffer! She’s supposed to be helpful and kind, not get off on something so humiliating!

And she keeps it to herself over the years, a secret that she never even lets Alex know, buries it deep inside and forces it down anytime it starts to rear its ugly head. And she still feels so conflicted anytime she bears witness to something like that at work or other public places, and she does better about helping them get away in time to find relief or clean up if they don’t make it, but there’s always that tiny bit of enjoyment that squirms through her body to remind her.

But then maybe one evening while attending some sort of party or meeting with Cat, she drinks far more than she meant to. She’d assumed it would be fine, but Kara hadn’t had much practice with drinking to begin with, and had managed to severely overestimate how much even a kryptonian could take before getting quite a bit more than tipsy. And after the event was over, her boss was the one who had to escort her out, and on the way back home they might have flirted a bit and moved onto other subjects that somehow resulted in sweet, innocent little Kara letting her secret slip in-between fits of drunken giggling. Cat had been shocked to hear it, of course, and maybe a little concerned given her germaphobic nature, but simply nodded and changed the subject. She ended up doing a bit of private internet research over the next few days anyways.

And maybe a few weeks later, when her assistant/unofficial girlfriend had forgotten all about that night, Cat surprised her one evening when they were having a not-officially-a-date evening at Kara’s place. She brought the subject up bluntly, of course, having no interest in beating around the bush, and Kara had stammered out a hundred flustered apologies and excuses and personal beratements until Cat put all of it to a stop with a sudden kiss on the lips.

Now silenced, the younger girl had listened as Cat lectured her about how it she shouldn’t be so upset with herself as long as she didn’t actively hurt people to achieve those scenarios because ‘honestly Kara for better or worse you’re the most selfless person I know, stop acting like every misfortune on earth is your fault it’s irritating’ and how she’d put a whole lot of research into this bizarre kink of hers and drank a lot of coffee and water before she’d gotten here and felt like an ocean was between her fucking legs so Kara might as well enjoy it gosh dammit. Kara didn’t feel quite so guilty anymore after that evening…

*007*2017-01-30 00:36

@Bellatrixfan

Ahh, thank you! I'll try my best! c;

*009*2017-07-24 07:39

((Hey guys I know I haven't posted in a while, my fics are coming but life has been rough with me this year RIP. In the meantime take these ideas for Winn and Kara omo scenarios I forgot to post here bc their bff relationship gives me life and no one talks about it even in general much less in omo and also I really want Winn to soak himself bc he’s cute and I’d kiss him

One day maybe i'll write a legit fic with Winn but for now this is all you get))

~~~

Drabble #5 (Fandom: Supergirl live action tv show, Characters Involved: Winn Schott, Kara Danvers, Cat Grant (slightly). No major spoilers)

Consider the day when Kara first started working at CatCo. Ah yes, the cute new assistant who sits right next to Winn and they have a nice enough time chatting with each other while he gives her a general idea of how things work around the office. They have a few more conversations between projects throughout the day, and towards the last hour or so of the day Winn realizes that Kara hasn’t left her desk for anything ALL DAY except to bring Cat lunch and some papers (and maybe you could have guessed that she’d gone then, except he’d admittedly been unable to take his eyes off of her whenever she walked by, so he knew she hadn’t gone near that direction), and he naturally gets a little concerned that she’s probably dying by this point and oh crap maybe no one told her where they were and she’s just been too nervous to ask?

He’s super embarrassed to even bring it up but finally manages to blurt out a casual (aka not casual at all but awkward af) “Hey, uh, you know the bathrooms are just down that hall, right? Like, in case no one told you…”. Kara, of course, with her superhuman bladder of steel, hasn’t even felt much of an urge yet, and just casually nods with a “Yeah, I know, thanks.” before she goes back to her work. Winn probably looked her over just to make sure she wasn’t just faking casual because he knew some people were shy enough to deny it even if they were about to burst, but she honestly looks just as unbothered as she sounded, so he drops it and wonders how on earth this girl is fine when he’s had to take at least 3 breaks today.

Throughout the rest of the week Kara continues to last the entire workday from morning ‘till night without bathroom breaks, and Winn is probably impressed but it also makes him kind of self-conscious to be the only one getting up and drawing attention to himself multiple times or interrupting their conversations. So the next Monday he decides to try and start holding back and hopefully match Kara’s unholy endurance, because if someone as normal as her can do it then maybe it isn’t actually that hard and he’s just kind of weak (he’s already the office nerd, it probably isn’t much of a stretch now that he thinks about it).

He makes it through the first few hours and his first break okay (well, not okay, but he can keep still), but about an hour after lunch he’s starting to really feel it, pressing his legs together or crossing them at the ankles or scooting his chair around as a distraction. Kara probably gets a little concerned by the soft moans under his breath that her superhearing picks up and asks if he’s sick or something, but he manages to brush off her worries and insists he’s fine. It works, but only a half hour after that he’s absolutely DYING and he can’t sit still and nothing is comfortable and he decides to cave and get up because he really can’t do this except the second he tries to stand he feels a leak into his boxers and sits right back into his chair with a strained squeal.

And by this point Kara is definitely worried because poor Winn is all sweaty and blushing and she definitely heard that leak and figured out what was going on, so she casually scoots her chair over to try and talk to him without drawing everyone else’s attention, and he finally admits that he’s never had to pee this badly in his life but he really doesn’t think he can stand much less move and oh gosh every breath is slicing into his bladder and he has to stop whispering to her so he can grab himself and hunch over with a nervous little moan bc holy shit he can feel it running right up to the edge of his dick and he doesn’t know what to do and what if Cat comes over how on earth is he going to explain this and he’s just rocking in the edge of his seat trying to hold on and shaking like a leaf.

Kara really has no clue what to do either because she can’t exactly justify using superspeed to rush him to the bathroom bc there’s no way to explain suddenly teleporting there or even just scooping him up bc you don’t just do that to your coworkers, and helping walk him there isn’t even an option since he can’t stand.

There are two ways this could play out.

Either A. she tells him to try and hold it in for just a few minutes while walks out as casually as possible before whooshing around the different floors looking for something useable, and if they’re lucky she comes back and manages to sneak whatever the object is (like a large soda cup or a personal trash can or smth) under his desk and Kara finds some loud distracting way to keep everyone in the room from hearing (maybe she sets off an alarm in another part of the building or just 'accidentally’ bumps someone else’s computer to play music really loudly while they struggle to shut it off) while Winn gushes into the makeshift toilet with the force of a firetruck’s pressure hose.

Or B. Kara really can’t think of anything to do to help and before she can think much further Winn starts leaking harder and gasping and groaning and he’s trying to keep quiet but it’s hard when the feelings are so strong and painful and he loses complete control a second later in the chair, warm piss completely flooding his pants and running down his legs into his shoes and it’s pooling in the seat and drenching the carpet and it’s hissing loudly enough to draw attention.

And it’s honestly all Winn can do to keep from crying bc it hurts but it’s also SO relieving and also completely mortifying he’s going to be the laughing stock of the office and once it’s over Cat pipes up from where she’d arrived in time to witness the last of the event and makes some kind of snarky remark comparing him to a toddler before snapping at him to go get cleaned up, change at home if he needs to, and then come back to work bc he’s still got half a day left and she isn’t paying him to hide under a rock in shame.

Once Winn slinks out and people go back to work Cat’s probably about to call the janitor but Kara insists she’ll clean it up bc she doesn’t want more people to find out about it ('Kara you should know I’m not paying you overtime for doing someone else’s job’) and Cat relents bc as long as that mess gets cleaned up before the germs multiply she really doesn’t care who does it. Kara probably uses a smidge of secret superbreath to make sure his spot is as dry as can possibly be when he gets back and she probably got him some kind of sweet treat to brighten him up a bit.

No matter which ending happens Winn is absolutely beyond mortified bc he just almost/actually pissed himself in front of Kara and everyone else and he probably looked completely pathetic and gross and she’s never going to want to talk to him again jfc. Of course then Kara is nothing but sweet and understanding and tries her very best to help take his mind off of it and get things back to normal and makes him feel a lot better about the whole incident. She also takes the hint after that and starts taking more frequent bathroom breaks at work even though she doesn’t really need them, just so he’s more comfortable about it.

