The other pespective

Author: CuteNWet

*000*2023-05-04 02:12

I thought I'd try playing around with a different perspective, so this is the same as my other story, but told from my boyfriend's perspective.

$/86663-i-tell-my-boyfriend/

I hope it works, lol 🙂

I've been dating this girl for about a year, but I've never told her about my weird abdl fetish. I've dropped hints here and there, and she knows I love it when she wears cute clothes, but I've never worked up the nerve to actually tell her why. I've looked at a lot of stuff online and always fantasized about seeing her in some of those situations. There's just so many things we could do together but something always stopped me from telling her.

@@We live an hour apart, so I only see her on weekends. She texted me before she left, so I was expecting her. I was sitting in the living room, where I can see the driveway, so I saw her car pull in, and stood up to go meet her at the door. As soon as she got out of the car, I noticed she was wearing overalls and a pink tshirt 🙂 Then I looked again, and saw that she had her hair in pigtails too! She looked soo cute! I noticed a look on her face, and a little curtsy gesture as she reached in to get her bag from the car. Was that a "I have to pee" spasm? This was starting to get interesting. She was walking a little funny as she came up the the door. As soon as she walked in the door, I just stopped and stared at her. There was a big wet patch on her overalls! "Whoah, you look adorable", I stammered, and she giggled. "I really hafta go potty", she said, squirming a bit as she dropped her bag on the floor. "I can see that", I said, and pointed at the wet patch. Her face immediately turned bright red. The look in her eyes was a combination of embarrassment, and...something else, I thought (hoped), but I still wasn't sure exactly what to do. "Oh no, I was trying to be a big girl", she said. I can't believe this is happening, I thought, did she really just say it like that? I took her in my arms, and she could immediately feel that I was aroused. "oooh, feels like somebody likes", she said, as she reached down to rub my crotch, which was already a bit damp from her wet spot. We started making out, hard. She tried to pull away "I should really go find a bathroom before I go potty in my pants", she said, but I told her to wait a bit. I was almost cumming already, just making out with her in her cute outfit. I led her to the kitchen, sat down on a chair, and she straddled me. I don't know what she expected, siting like that, but I was starting to think she wanted to have a full accident. I reached under her overalls (which I love doing anyway), and started feeling her wet panties. Except...these aren't any of her panties that I remember, they're super thick! What is she wearing? I feel them all over, and they're so nice and thick and soft. And the bottom is pretty soggy already. She's squirming around and the wet patch on her overalls is getting larger, and my pants are damp as well. Suddenly, I feel her tense up, and I think I know what's going to happen. I feel the warmth of her pee all over my lap as she completely floods herself. Her pee pools up a bit, but it's too much and it starts splashing all over the tile floor. "Oh no, I'm peeing all over you I'm sorry!", she says. I look into her eyes, and she's blushing like crazy, but I hold her tightly and tell her it's ok. I don't know exactly what's happening, but I love it so I'm just going with it. She eventually stops peeing, but not before we're both completely soaked and there's a big puddle on the floor. We're both shaking and I just hold her for a few minutes.

@@We stand up and I start unbuttoning her soaking wet overalls. She's wet from the waist down, and I still want to see what she's wearing underneath. "Do you want to see my wittle twaining pants?" she baby talks, "I twied to be a big girl but sometimes I have accidents still". OMG, I can't believe this is happening! I undo her overall straps and pull them down to reveal the cutest little training pants, white cotton and decorated with unicorns and rainbows. Totally saturated, of course, with yellow stains all over them. I squeeze them and pee dribbles out all over my hands. I pull her down to the floor, and somehow she pulls off my pants, and I pull off her panties, so we're both only wearing our partially wet tshirts. Pretty soon we're making love in the middle of our pile of wet clothes. I'm afraid I didn't last very long, I'll have to make it up to her later 🙂 She was just soooo cute, and I couldn't help it. We laid on the floor in the pile of wet clothes for a few minutes talking, and, and pretty soon all our secrets are out in the open. She shows me her bag of baby stuff, and she asks me to change her. I take her upstairs, lay her on the bed, powder her, change her into a dry diaper and onesie, and fix her pigtails, She didn't want to take a shower, so i guess she doesn't mind the faint smell of pee on her. That's ok, I don't mind a girlfriend that smells like pee and baby powder. 🙂 She looks even more babyish now, with even a pacifier to go with the outfit and ribbons in her hair. We go down to the living room to explore this new fetish a bit more. 🙂

