A Simple Leak (Guilty Gear)

Author: Captain L

*000*2022-08-28 03:08

"Come on, come on, there has to be something open around here!"

Heads were turning as Bridget ran through the dark sunset streets of this homely little town. How could they not, with this cute little blonde nun in blue, with a big red yo-yo curled up at her finger and a giant teddy bear on her back, her slender legs carrying her petite body down the road, stopping for neither love nor money. Approximately half the men who caught a glance progressed to full-on staring, dirty thoughts floating through their minds. If only they knew the true parts that laid beneath Bridget's tight black shorts, the more "bulging" kind.

Bridget was used to these kinds of stares. Because of the superstitions of the village where he was raised, the belief that twin boys spelled doom, Bridget was raised as a girl, an act he had to keep up around everyone but his parents and brother. Honestly, kind of lucky for the deception that he maintained a very feminine appearance, even into puberty. It was this lying to everyone, to himself, that prompted him to leave home and strike out on his own. Bounty hunters, he figured, brought in tough criminals to preserve law and order, and made some pretty money for the trouble. If he could rise to that challenge, prove his mettle and come back richer, everyone would have to admit their paranoia was misplaced, and he could finally be the man he was born to be.

Was he chasing a bounty? No, ever since he missed the boat on that report of the Gear in the forest, leads had been slim. He had instead resorted to street performing with his yo-yo to bring in some change. The earnings were meager, and he had the feeling much of his audience weren't there to see his skills, but it paid his way and keep him fed and hydrated. Perhaps a little too well-hydrated, because that had completely drowned out any other desire in favor of seeking out what this overindulgence always brought. In other words, poor Bridget was about to pee his pants.

He already knew his way around bathroom emergencies, because nothing about it new to him. Expectedly, in order to keep up the facade, Bridget needed to use the women's restroom back home, where he was at least guaranteed a stall to keep his secret, so long as he sat down on the toilet. But something about it always felt wrong, like he was a pervert for being in the same room as girls doing something private, and he had an easier time going when the place was empty. If it wasn't, he usually held it, simple as that.

And that wasn't the only place his needs could be denied. His village was located in the middle of a forest, and because of that, Bridget became very familiar with the classic double standard of "boys can pee outside, girls can't", so he just had to hold it while the guys got to whiz, despite sharing the same biological capability to do as they did. Even in an emergency, he couldn't just squat down like a girl, certainly not with the girls; what if somebody saw his little wiener hanging out and swinging as it hosed down the dirt? It'd be mortifying, so much that he'd rather die, along with ending his secret and putting his family at risk for harboring it. So, he held it. Or wet himself. That happened too.

Basically, Bridget held his pee a lot, so if he needed to go, he really needed to go. That was the state he had currently been dropped into, bursting at the seams and frantically looking for a bathroom. He only just resisted reaching down and clenching his boyhood, yet even so, anyone who saw him for more than a blink of an eye would pretty easily be able to deduce what ailed him. There weren't too many other plausible explanations for why someone would be in a hurry, hunched forward with a palm cradling their stomach area, unless they were in desperate need of a bathroom.

This terrible pain, this searing heaviness in his tummy, would be so easy to be rid of, if he could just find said bathroom. At this point, he didn't care which gender, just something with indoor plumbing would be a gift from the heavens. No, even an outhouse would be perfect right now! Yet, even with his standards lowered so far, his search was still coming up short. Bridget had found himself on the poorer side of town, so every rickety shack open for business was giving him the same response when he asked for their bathroom: "Customers only." He had gotten so sick of hearing those two words; every time the owner even began to speak them, another bead of sweat formed on his face, another cup of that warm bodily fluid poured into his bloated bladder. It was turning into one of the constants of the world, right up there with the basic laws of magical theory: Bridget wasn't allowed to use a bathroom.

And he was done with it. Not for lack of patience, though he certainly was a bit agitated by the never-ending rejection, it all came down to a lack of time. "Ah!" Bridget suddenly slid to a total stop, straightened his spine upright, and could suddenly no longer hold back his hands from slamming hard against his privates and squeezing them tight, hard enough to send a tingle of pain through his testicles. This was the second thing he couldn't hold back, brought on by the first: a quick, white-hot surge of liquid rocketed through his urethra faster than thought, burning as it squirted past the folds of his foreskin and nestled into the fabric of his shorts, pressing the coin-sized wetness inescapably against his flaccid shaft. His holding muscles had held a faultless defense against the steaming reservoir up to now, but he could no longer keep up the tension, and he was crumbling.

"Ahhhhh, gottagogottagogottago!" His high-pitched voice squealed, tears now streaming right down his cheeks, and his whole body shivered as his grip tensed hard. Yet, despite his sudden alertness and fighting back, his bladder wasn't done laying on the pressure. It had gotten a taste of release, and it wasn't about to quit. He knew immediately, because with his palms and knuckles down there already, this new dampness was right at the forefront of his attention. Having it squished against his extremities, and his penis, was a horribly uncomfortable sensation.

Barely keeping his head above water, Bridget knew one thing for sure: he had one more chance here. One more opportunity before his legs would play host to a yellow waterfall, and he had to choose wisely. "T-there!" So of course he picked the first building he saw, which, in his defense, was open to the public and had the lights on, it wasn't knocking on some stranger's door and asking to make pee-pee in their potty. "Gotta...hurry!" He wasted no time hobbling towards said establishment, shuffling with his shoes scraping against the street, not daring to separate his thighs when his member squished between them seemed to be the last brick in his dam.

Waddling like there were weights tied to his ankles, adding to the already doubling of his tiny body's mass thanks to a bladder full of pee, it seemed to take hours to simply cross the road. And he didn't even make it all the way before even his heart turned heavy, for he saw what his goal truly was: a restaurant, and quite the busy one. Every seat and table was occupied to its fullest, with several more standing as they waited for a vacancy. The waitress in red, expertly balancing plates, bowls, and mugs across her arms and shoulders, was moving frantically from one table to the next without a second between.

But Bridget wasn't looking for a meal, so what about the bathroom? Those were in the back, two in number, each identifiable from afar by their respective line, several people long. Man or woman, it didn't matter how Bridget presented himself, he wouldn't be getting to a toilet quickly enough to avoid a pants-wetting, not without begging to cut the line and hoping whoever stood at the front had compassion for his plight. "...no, I can't!" He had to think about it, but in the end, it went just beyond his shame tolerance.

"Ooohhhh," he moaned, beginning to step in place quite frantically, wiggling his shapely hips and causing the large metal ring around his waist to jangle, nervously examining his immediate surroundings. "What do I do, Roger," he sighed, looking over his shoulder to the teddy bear on his back. An image flashed through his mind of himself sitting on the ground, legs spread apart in front, holding his stuffed animal close as it sat near his crotch, all the while... "using" him, but the idea was thrown away pretty quickly. He couldn't soil someone precious to him. And Roger was a weapon possessed by the ghost of an ancient warrior, so he wouldn't appreciate that. "I...guess I'm just gonna have to wet myself this time..." It wouldn't be the first time he'd had an accident, older than most.

"No, this has to end! Boys don't wet themselves!" Wasn't this the entire reason he came out to see the world, to become a strong man? Men like heroic holy knight Ky Kiske didn't wet their pants, that was a weakness that Bridget could no longer show. What good would it do if he went back home, fat bounty and soaked shorts in tow? No, Bridget needed to start answering nature's call like an adult.

Easier said than done. Just "being a big boy and waiting" wasn't an option; Bridget needed to go. If he wouldn't wet his pants, he had very little time to do it someplace else. Toilets were out the window, he'd need somewhere dark, somewhere private, somewhere he could safely whip out his dick without being seen, and most important of all: somewhere near. Only one location fit those criteria. "I-in there!" No longer willing or capable to take his time and take care not to jostle anything, not that it could do any more damage at this point, Bridget bolted towards the destination he had his bright blue eyes on: the dark alley on the left side of the restaurant.

The alley itself was exactly what one would expect from a side alley in this part of town. It was dark, the only light peeking in was from the street proper. It was cluttered, trash bags from the restaurant piled up well outside the single dedicated can. It stunk, reeking of rotting food scraps and things he didn't even want to think about. It seemed plausible that many less-fortunate men, perhaps bolstered by the alcohol within the establishment, had used this small gap between buildings for this same purpose as Bridget would. In other words, it was out of sight, it would cover his scent, and it wouldn't arouse suspicion. It was exactly what Bridget needed.

He wasted no time, he couldn't afford to. The instant he concluded he was out of sight, cloaked in the shadows cast by the neighboring huts, Bridget got straight to work, starting with his little man. The problem was getting it free, out from under the crushing grip he constricted the baby snake with, something he hadn't even realized he was now doing. "If... If I take my hands off now, will it come out?" When he felt pee dribbling at his tip, the rest boiling away inside his bladder, it was a reasonable concern.

"Just gotta... go for it!" He really wanted this done with already, so he couldn't worry about what "might" happen, not when he "would" wet himself in a matter of seconds. So, faster than St. Elmo's Fire, he drew his hands up and away, swinging straight into shoving the right down the front of his shorts. His knuckles pushed the tight waistband down, while his fingers reached out and squeezed his shaft between his thumb and index digit, securely so that it wouldn't slip off the moist skin, yanking it all out into the open and holding it steady. When he'd spent his life pretending to be a girl, one that routinely wore spats, it was an unfortunate blessing that his level of endowment was... "lacking" was the nice way of putting it.

There was no command required. Bridget's penis was already well on its way to a fire hose once it breathed open air, and that's how it would stay. The rush of hard urine careening down the chute caused the limp member to suddenly and unexpectedly jump up, straighten out and recoil. He actually found himself taking a step back from the abrupt force levied against his slender frame, to avoid the splashback as piddle slammed into the wooden wall.

The brief retreat did nothing to spare his ears, currently hyper-sensitive from anxiety, from the auditory chaos. If anything, giving it the space to bounce and echo back and forth off every hard surface made it even more inescapable. There was the loud hissing as urine rushed past his foreskin, the splattering as it collided with the building, and the splashing as it cascaded downwards into a growing puddle in the garbage. That last one also brought with it the far softer, underlying sound of popping bubbles. The thickness of his long-held golden pee resulted in a foamy, frothy coating, the bigger bubbles bursting at regular intervals. Beads of sweat dripping off his face, falling into the pool, sped up the process, while also adding a dripping all its own.

Bridget's head felt heavy. Foggy as well, but physically heavy. As if his neck could no longer support the weight, his head drooped forward, causing his whole upper body to lean. His eyelids began to fall, twitching and shuddering with every heavy pant. "Hah...hah...hah..." His vision began to blur as his pupils dilated and he wobbled on his heels. His knees, already bent inwards as a remnant of his holding posture, knocked together like they were about to give out and collapse. Of course, out of everything, the gushing piss showed zero signs of weakness or reduction. He definitely didn't feel any nearer to being empty, bladder still bulging out his tummy and radiating a searing pain from a bottomless well.

Though the bounty hunter might not have been the most objective source. His flow of time was all kinds of screwed up, swinging from the world whizzing by, down to the pace of molasses, back and forth with no rhyme or reason. "Ah, what was that?!" Actually, there was one indicator: his brain always started running a mile a minute in response to any noise, any suspicion that another person may be nearby. Even if that sound was just trash readjusting and shifting inside the bag. It happened pretty regularly, enough so that his heart was ready to burst out of his chest. Not as close as his bladder was, impressively.

And why wouldn't he be freaking out? If someone were to come near, they would surely hear the fountain from Bridget's pants. Then they'd look, and see Bridget's private parts just hanging out! And his secret would be totally revealed! Even if they didn't actually see his little ding-a-ling, his gender couldn't possibly be mistaken. He was doing his business, answering nature's watery call, whilst totally upright. That was something only... something only...

"Something only boys do..." Bridget was stunned into a hushed murmur. Even as he ventured out into the world, old habits died hard. Even as he didn't need to pretend to be something he wasn't, he still used the women's restroom, just to avoid being called out and making a scene. If he was away from civilization, he honestly squatted, because "that's how girls did it". This time was the exception, because he wasn't thinking and just got going the fastest way he could.

To most, this would be nothing of note, just a guy pissing against a wall in the alley. In this part of town, it was a fairly common sight. But to Bridget, this was something big. "Yeah, this is something boys do! They mark territory without a care in the world!" That was always what he had seen growing up, men were way more open about urinating. He'd seen random men doing it, but women were always way more hidden, and he only knew about it because he was "one of the girls".

Short of physical attributes like facial hair, large muscles (something Bridget wasn't a fan of), and... the swimsuit area, an act like this was the strongest proof of what he was aiming to prove to the world: Bridget was truly a man. And he took a certain sense of pride in that, taking part in a display that would one-hundred-percent prove his masculinity. "Hey, you see this?! This is who I really am! I get to pee standing up, and you can't stop me! Ahhhh..." His anxiety began to fade, his curled-in posture relaxed, and he began really enjoying his piss, which was still raging on. Even his voice seemed to deepen as a result of the manliness filling his body. Yes, this was natural, this was normal behavior, and it was nothing he need be ashamed of.

"Okay, I take break now!" And just like that, all that worry came back like a punch to the face. Almost literally, because a door right next to him, one he hadn't even noticed prior, flew open hard enough that it almost flew off its loose hinges. That was all he had to see for his pupils to contract, his stance to curve back into itself, and to begin turning away from whatever may surface.

Soon emerging from the open door was a woman, clothed in a form-fitting red Chinese dress that didn't leave much to the imagination below the waist, with exceptionally long brunette hair curled into a massive ring. Bridget recognized her as the waitress from the restaurant, and he guessed that she was quite the nimble server from her smooth, rapid side-to-side stepping. It caused her large breasts and meaty thighs to jiggle. Bridget noticed, and he also noticed a quick flash of her underwear as the skirt bounced up when her hop switched directions.

Were he curious what her undergarments looked like, he wouldn't be left wondering for long. She didn't move away from the door she had exited from, just waiting for it to close before getting straight to work. She lifted her white skirt promptly with one hand, fully exposing the thick pink-purple stripes of her underpants, and then going all the way by using the other hand to pull the panties down to her knees with a little hip wiggle. She lifted her right leg up and out of the leg hole, allowing the underwear to fall freely to the rim of the sock above her left ankle, crumpling to a rest.

But she wasn't stopping there. She was ready to show off her flexibility. She angled her footing slightly left, towards the back end of the alley, towards Bridget, and raised her right leg. Not like a regular step, her right leg went straight up, a perfect line with her other leg; even her toes were pointed skyward. She didn't even use rest it on the door for support, this was all balance. And it wasn't some brief stretch, she held this pose without a teeter or stumble. Her skirt was out of the way, exposing her butt to whoever may pass in the alley, but from Bridget's point of view, he got all the "other stuff".

A lot of it, in fact. With her index and middle fingers, she pressed against the lips of her groin and spread, bringing her pink flower to bloom. But it didn't need to be watered; no, it would be the one doing the watering. In short order, a clear flood gushed from her privates, quite the respectable torrent. Not quite to Bridget's level, something admittedly very painful to reach, but quite healthy and needing. The waitress had spent too long working, allowing her to spray a broad berth of urine onto the wall, resulting in a wide stretch cascading downstream. Her eyes closed and her mouth opened wide in a dumb smile. "Phew, much too close! Very hard to hold when no break," her high-pitched voice squeaked. No matter what one thought, none could deny that this woman was lively and energetic.

Bridget couldn't be any further from that. His breathing was now shallow and accelerated, he began sweating even harder than before, he made sure to cover his penis with his hands to keep it hidden, and most importantly of all, his pee stream sputtered to a halt. At least, it did for a second, before going right back to full force. "Ah, no!" He tried again, and again was met with the same result: a quick easing of pressure, devolving right back to the same forceful deluge. He held no control of his bladder, and he held no control over when it stopped. All he held was an inhuman quantity of boiling hot urine, urine that just needed to be released in full. Regardless of the presence of another person who could clearly see it. A woman. Who was also peeing. "I-I'm really, really sorry about this," he muttered, defeated, resigned to just let nature run its course.

"No worry! I understand very much! When you need pee, you need pee!" The waitress did not share the same sense of shame, pissing in the open while flashing everything to a stranger. Even hummed a little tune as her go kept going. "My name Jam Kuradoberi!" She even introduced herself with a bright smile, privates out.

"Um, B-Bridget..." He had been raised well, was a polite young man, he knew it would be rude to look at Jam while she did her business. He knew this, yet his attention repeatedly darted in her direction. He'd realize what he was doing, look away, yet something always pulled his gaze back. And each time, he'd look a bit more intently, emboldened to bring her out of the corner of his eye.

"Very rude to stare, you know. Legs one thing, but privates different." And Jam had caught on to it, admonishing him for the attempt.

Feeling very hot in the face, Bridget quickly corrected his view. "Ah, I'm sorry! I wasn't trying to be weird! I was just really interested in your... pose. Are you an acrobat? How do you get that kind of balance?" Would my act be any better if I could stretch like that? Maybe I could fight better with wild kicks! Although, spreading my legs that far sounds... painful.

If she held any animosity from his pervy behavior, she didn't for long. Soon, she was happily explaining. "Need very good control over body energy. I very good chef, make very good food! Eat food, become strong!" Though he wasn't looking to see it, Jam suddenly had a great idea, and her mouth curled into a smirk. "You want make up for peeping, you become regular at restaurant! Very fair deal, no?"

"What?! You can't hold someone hostage like that! I can't stay here for long! Besides, I don't have any money."

"You performer? I see yo-yo."

"H-hey, no looking! I'm a bounty hunter, I'll have you know! I only do performances to make some extra money. Even if that's been most of it lately..." I know girls always go to the bathroom together, but is it normal for them to talk this much?

"You need money, you work for me! I make you good waitress! Customers love you!"

"Oh...waitress, yes..." Is that the reason she's not weirded out? She just doesn't think peeing around other girls is strange? Can't she tell from my sta... oh. It was hard for the sheltered boy to make total sense of anything happening, but there was one thing he couldn't deny: Jam was peeing while standing. Not only that, but for something Bridget had just moments ago considered to be a strictly male expression, she was doing it with far more technique and finesse than he could hope to match. Put simply, the girl was far better at the art of the standing pee than the boy. And that revelation was pretty emasculating.

Also being demonstrated for him for the first time: how much harder girls could piss. He gave the wall a good hosing, but Jam was really spraying the poor thing down. Her pee was fairly clear, at least in comparison to Bridget's cloudy yellow release, so at a glance, she almost appeared to be washing with little more than clean water. Jam seemed to notice as well. "It like washing dishes in kitchen!" Bridget didn't even respond.

No matter how one saw this shared moment, whether it be heaven or hell, it had to come to an end at some point. And amazingly, Jam was the first one to the finish line, her spout sputtering as it could no longer keep up the pressure. There were gaps in her gush, the spread narrowed, while simultaneously getting messier thanks to breaking apart and splattering across a wider area. Jam's face tensed, forcing out the rest in a hard blast that ended just as suddenly as it began. "Ah, much better feeling!"

All the while, Bridget was coming to a finale all his own, as indicated by the diminishing vibration at the base of his shaft and overall reduction in tinkle diameter. His initial safeguards for modesty, ones that had all been for naught, initially placed him close enough to the wall that a better-equipped man would be pressing against it. Even after the early back step, he was still quite near. Because of this precaution, no matter how much power he lost, it still rained down the wall, just closer and closer to the ground. Then it was a bit of a sloppy shower of dribbles from his tip, and at long last, he no longer needed to pee. "Finally...it's over..." He shook the soft member to dry it off, and began taking it out of sight to put the little man back into his damp shorts.

"Hyah!"

"Huh? WOAH!" Bridget barely avoided a sharp thrusting kick in his direction, courtesy of Jam, by pressing his whole body against the wall. It was a close dodge, his long hair getting caught up as the wind from her foot whizzed past, his back getting slapped by his metal ring flipping up from the front being pushed against, and his junk stung from being packed too hard between his legs and the wooden planks. His legs did get a bit more wet from squishing against the wall, but after all the spray that splashed back while he was going, it didn't hurt him much. A little bit more did kick up onto the bridges of his shoes, as a result of a few little stumbles in his step squishing in the puddle, but it wasn't that bad. "What was that for," he confronted, facing her all the way. Instinctively, he rolled out his yo-yo, ready for a fight to break out.

"Sorry, very sorry," Jam apologized, dismissively waving a hand as she smiled it off. "Pee ran down leg, had to shake off!" True, her left leg was still swaying as she explained, her loose pair of panties flailing on her ankle. But not for long, for she soon took hold of her underwear, slipping her other foot through, pulled it all into place, and wiggled her hips until she was dressed back up all good and snug. "Ooh, lucky nothing fall in puddle, very uncomfortable! I no can go undies-less!" Her gaze drifted down, and she truly saw it: the combined creation of two people, both very desperate to pee and now much relieved, in the form of a massive pond of piddle, rippling in the breeze and reflecting the orange lights of the street lamps, making the specks of dirt floating around all the more visible. At least, in the areas not taken up by a hearty coating of foam floating atop the golden sea. "Ah, just like drinks served in restaurant!"

Bridget was a bit too young to be partaking in the kinds of drinks Jam referred to, so the reference was somewhat lost on him. "Listen, if we're done here-"

"Oh, I go back to work now!" With a friendly wave goodbye, Jam skipped towards the street, possibly forgetting about the much closer door she had come through. Her first step had the telltale splash of someone exiting the scene of release, but every subsequent step was quiet, in the nice, dry clear. As she disappeared around the corner, Bridget could finally breathe a sigh of relief, his ordeal over, and pretend the last several minutes never happened as he avoided this place for the rest of his life.

"Hello again!" Until Jam poked her head back around the corner. "I serious, you need work, you come here! You draw crowd with yo-yo tricks! And customers love cute boy like you! In five years, you be real lady killer!"

For most of the offer, Bridget tuned it out, hoping not to respond so as to leave faster. However, he couldn't ignore that one final comment. "You can tell I'm a boy?" His eyes lit up, a genuine smile finally breaking across his cheeks, something missing since before he had to go.

"Of course! You very, very cute boy!" With a wink and a final wave, Jam slid back out of sight, though her boisterous voice remained as she addressed the patrons inside.

Bridget was stunned, dumbfounded. For half a minute, he was totally silent, staring off into space. With so many thoughts circling in his mind, many of them remnants from earlier, it was no surprise that it took some time for something coherent to come out. "...yeah, of course she could tell. I don't look that much like a girl. I'm already getting more manly by the day out here!" As if to prove his point, he raised an arm and flexed, showing off his...total lack of muscles. Not much of a physical fighter, but he could fling a yo-yo like a master, something he began doing to make himself feel better. But if women can pee standing too... What's so different between boys and girls? With each cycle the toy looped through, a small breeze was generated.

One such gust was notable, in that it blew over and chilled his private parts. Not an especially unusual sensation when considering the wet patch on the front of his shorts that would be pressing against his boyhood, but something about it felt different, more... raw. No matter the cause, it was unusual, and he figured it would be prudent of him to investigate, so he looked down to check. And he saw the reason Jam was easily able to identify his gender: interrupted and startled by that kick, his penis and its two friends were still hanging out, flaccid and free. Oh... She glanced down at the end, didn't she? She looked.

He could scream, he could panic, he could even head into the restaurant and demand either an apology or, to prove he was really serious, a fight. But Bridget did none of those. He instead hurriedly stuffed the little guy back into his shorts, feeling it nestle in place among the soggy crotch of the pants, and, without a sound, quickly walked out of the alley and down the road, picking up pace with each building he passed, never looking back. If anyone looked at him strangely, he didn't notice. He only looked down at his own moving feet, anything to distract from the volcanic blush erupting on his face. His only thoughts: replaying every second where Jam could have seen his wiener. It felt like hours he had left himself exposed. If I ever see her again, she'll have some explaining to do. A man wouldn't let this slide! Although... she seemed pretty nice. And if she's willing to let me perform... Well, I can think about it. The customers might have good leads on bounties.

