Nana to Kaoru: A Dom, a sub, and a Urinal

Author: Char242

*000*2018-07-26 08:45

Author's note: The following fanfiction is based off the manga Nana to Kaoru. It is known for it's soft core S&M although that is not all it is. It is also a romanctic comedy/drama.

It was midfall as two high school students made their way home. One of them was Nana Chigusa. She was the vice president of the student council, member of the track team, a top scoring student, and a total knockout. Walking in front of her was her childhood friend Kaoru Sugimura. He lived in the apartment next to hers. Unlike Nana, Kaoru was a mediocre student with about average looks and was thought of as a creep and a pervert. In fact, many of the girls referred to him as Creepymura. This was due to the fact that Kaoru frequented an adult store and purchased all sorts of S&M paraphernalia.

Just one look at the two of them and one would wonder why someone as popular as Nana would waste her time with a loser like Kaoru. Of course what nobody knew was that the two of them shared a secret. As it so happens, being on the student council, the track team, and maintaining good grades can be stressful. By accident or a twist of fate, Nana discovered a way to relax through breathers. While some people relax by reading, playing video games, etc., Nana found relaxation in performing soft-core S&M scenarios with Kaoru as the Dom and herself as the sub.

“Hey Kaoru,” began Nana as she contemplated how to bring up the breathers.

“What is it?” asked Kaoru without looking back at her.

“I was just thinking that it’s been a while since our last breather,” she replied, her cheeks turning slightly red.

“And your point?” questioned Kaoru in a cold tone. In truth, he was actually happy that she had brought it up. He had a new scenario that he had wanted to try but was too nervous to bring it up. After all, he didn’t want the girl he loved to know just how excited he was that not only got to explore his fetish with her but also that the breathers gave him a chance to see a side of her that nobody else would ever see. While the two of them weren’t together in the romantic sense, when they were performing the breathers Nana belonged to him alone.

“I was just stating a fact is all,” muttered Nana. While she had asked him for breathers countless times, it never got easier.

“I see,” replied Kaoru. If he didn’t do something and fast, he was going to miss out on a chance to perform a breather with her. Kaoru stopped and turned around, a sly expression etching its way across his face. “Are you asking for one?”

“Not really,” lied Nana as she tried to avoid eye contact. “I thought that maybe you were going to ask me to do one soon.” Suddenly Kaoru began chuckling. It was a little dark and unsettling. She watched as he moved closer to her. Despite Kaoru being a couple inches shorter than her, in times like these he almost seemed bigger. “Why are you laughing?”

“Nana, Nana, Nana,” Kaoru smiled wickedly. “These breathers are for you not for me. If you want one, then you need to tell me, otherwise we can’t do them. Now tell me, do you want to do a breather or not?”

“Maybe,” mumbled Nana as she began to bite her lip. Her cheeks were growing a darker shade of red with each passing second.

“Come on now Nana, tell me what you want. Admit that you’re a pervert who can only relax by participating in S&M.”

“KAORU YOU IDIOT!” she screamed. “There is no way I can say that!”

“Well that’s a shame,” replied Kaoru as he turned his back to her. As he did, he took one last look at her face. He could see a glimpse of desperation in her eyes. All she needed was one more push. “I guess you don’t want a breather after all.” Kaoru took a couple steps forward. Suddenly he felt something tug on the sleeve of his jacket. He turned his head. Sure enough, Nana was holding onto his sleeve. Her entire face was beet red and her breathing had become almost erotic. She would not make eye contact with him.

“I want a breather,” she mumbled.

“Then what do you say?” smirked Kaoru.

“I won’t say it!” shouted Nana.

“Fine,” said Kaoru. “I won’t make you say the whole thing. Just admit to me that you’re a pervert.”

Still refusing to meet Kaoru’s gaze, Nana stuttered, “I’m a…a…per…per….”

“I’m going to stop you right there,” interrupted Kaoru. “I want you to look me in the eyes when you say it.” Kaoru watched as Nana gave him a hateful look. “Now say it. I don’t have all day.”

“I’M A PERVERT!” she cried. Nana then covered her mouth with her hands and looked around. Once she realized that there was no one else around, she breathed a sigh of relief.

“That’s a good girl,” chuckled Kaoru. “Now as promised I will give you a breather.”

“Do you have something in mind already?” asked Nana.

“Yes,” answered Kaoru. “However, I need time to prepare. Meet me outside my apartment at sunset. Bring a scarf and make sure you’re wearing clothes and shoes that you don’t mind getting dirty.”

“Why?”

“You’ll see,” grinned Kaoru. With that, he began walking towards home, mentally running through his checklist of what he would need to pull off this breather.

“Just what could he be planning?” whispered Nana to herself. As thoughts raced into her head, she felt her chest tighten and her body begin to tremble. She couldn’t help but lick her lips in excitement.

###

It was just after sunset when Nana knocked on Kaoru’s door. She was wearing a beige sweater with an old black skirt and a beat-up pair of running shoes. In her hand was the scarf Kaoru had asked her to bring. Nana was just getting ready to knock again when Kaoru opened the door. “Come in,” he smiled. Nana did as she was told. She flinched as the door clicked shut. As she looked around, she noticed a bag by the entryway.

“What’s the bag for?” she asked, already knowing the answer.

“It’s materials for tonight’s breather.” Kaoru walked over to the bag and pulled something out. “Put this on,” he ordered as he threw the object towards her. Nana caught it with relative ease. Looking down, she saw that it was the collar from her first breather. She quickly placed it around her neck.

“It’s on.”

“Good,” replied Kaoru as he walked back over to her. In his hand was a leash. “Now stay still while I put this on.” Nana could feel Kaoru fumbling around with the collar followed by a clicking sound. “There we go.”

“Hey Kaoru, haven’t we already done something like this before?” asked Nana as she thought back to their first breather.

“Yes, but don’t worry, I have something special in mind for this breather.”

“Could you tell me what it is or at least give me a hint?”

“Nana, Nana, Nana, that would take all the fun out of it. Just be patient. All will be revealed in time.” Karou’s evil grin made Nana tremble a bit but it was excitement, not terror that made her tremble. “Put on the scarf and let’s get going.”

“Can you at least tell me where were going?” asked Nana as she wrapped the scarf around her neck.

“To the place where our breathers began,” replied Kaoru as he turned around and grabbed the bag. As they exited his apartment, Kaoru began to wonder if he could really do this. What he had planned could end up going beyond any of the breathers they had done before. Based on this night, what he was planning could bring them closer together or drive them farther apart. One thing was for certain though, it was too late to back down now.

###

It was now completely dark as they reached the promenade where they had had the first breather. Once there, Kaoru ordered Nana to take her scarf off. As she did, she asked, “So what are we going to do this time?”

“I’m going to lead you by leash along the promenade,” he answered back.

“How’s that any different from our first breather?”

“Simple,” said Kaoru as he pulled a couple things out of his bag, “we’ll be using these.” In his hands was a pair of dog ears and some rope. He handed the dog ears over to Nana and instructed her to put them on.

“I think I understand what the dog ears are for but what is the rope for?”

“I’m going to use it to tie your hands behind your back. During our first breather, you could have used your hands at any time you wanted. This time you won’t have use of them,” replied Kaoru.

“I don’t know about this,” said Nana as she stared at the rope in Kaoru’s hands. “What if somebody sees us?”

“Everyone is on the main streets at this time of night and even if someone passes by, it’s too dark to see anything,” assured Kaoru. At the moment he said it, he felt a serious case of déjà vu.

“I’m still not sure.”

“Don’t worry,” said Kaoru. He turned his head away from her, his cheeks slightly red. “I’ll protect you no matter what.”

“Kaoru…” uttered a blushing Nana.

“Just like all our breathers, I will not force you to do anything,” interrupted Kaoru as he regained his composure. “Whether you wear the rope or not is completely up to you. However, if you don’t wear the rope, I will call off this breather right now. Your move.”

“I’ll wear the ropes,” mumbled Nana as she placed her hands behind her back.

“Good choice,” replied Kaoru as he stepped behind her. As he began tying her hands, Nana noticed that the rope was rather smooth. She knew instantly that Kaoru had put a lot of time and effort oiling the rope so that it’s bristles wouldn’t rub against her arms. Nana also couldn’t help but notice that the rope was thin, likely so that it would not be as visible in the dark. Regardless of the things Kaoru did to her, he was always taking measures to keep her safe. The idea made her blush. Nana’s thoughts were interrupted by Kaoru saying, “That should do it. Let’s start the breather.”

“Alright,” said Nana. She waited for Kaoru to start walking before she did. They would walk up and down the promenade several times.

###

Almost half an hour later, the two stopped to rest over by a secluded bench. As Nana was getting ready to sit down on the bench, Kaoru stopped her and said, “Sorry, the bench is for humans only. Pets must sit on the ground.”

“You’re crazy if you think I’m going to sit on the cold, hard ground,” spat Nana.

“How silly of me,” replied Kaoru as he began rummaging through his bag. He then pulled out an old tarp and laid it on the ground. “You can sit now.”

“No way,” cried Nana. “I’m not going to do it.”

“Well that’s a shame,” said Kaoru as he walked behind Nana. “I guess we’ll just have to end the breather here. Let me just untie your ropes and….”

“Fine, I’ll do it,” relented Nana as she walked over to the tarp and sat down on her knees.

“That’s a good Nana,” smiled Kaoru as he patted her head. Nana’s face turned red. Part of her was embarrassed but part of her was also happy to be praised. Kaoru soon stopped petting Nana’s head and pulled something out of his bag. It was a bottle of juice. He uncapped the bottle and placed a straw in it. “Here you go Nana, this is your reward. Be sure to drink it all up.”

“I’d love to,” said Nana, “but can you untie my hands first?”

“I can’t do that. You see, your hands being tied up is an important part of the breather. If I untie your hands, then the breather will end. Knowing that, do you still want me to untie you?”

“No,” relented Nana.

“Then open your mouth, I’ll hold the bottle for you.” Nana did as she was told. As she sipped from the straw, a dark smile came across Kaoru’s face. All was going according to plan. When Nana was half-way finished, Kaoru yanked the bottle away.

“I wasn’t done with that,” cried Nana. The taste of juice on her parched throat had felt good. She wanted more.

“Poor, helpless Nana,” grinned Kaoru as he held the bottle in his hand. “So long as your hands are tied, you can’t do much of anything can you. My hands on the other hand could do anything they want to you and there would be nothing you can do about it.” Kaoru then slowly reached one of his hands towards Nana’s breasts.

“Don’t,” whimpered Nana as her body tensed up. However, Kaoru’s fingers made a last-minute turn and instead came to rest under Nana’s chin. She could feel his fingers wiping something under her mouth.

“You’re dribbling like a baby,” smirked Kaoru. Nana looked down at her sweater and saw that there were indeed wet spots on the front. Kaoru than knelt down directly in front of her. He pinched the straw and held it close to Nana’s mouth. “Now please try not to spill anymore.” Nana said nothing. She simply clasped her mouth down on the straw and continued to drink. As she began to sip the drink, Kaoru couldn’t help but watch her lips. Deep down he wanted to make them his. He wanted to make all of Nana his. Nana polished off the drink not long after that.

“What now,” she asked as Kaoru took out a handkerchief and wiped off the couple drops of juice that were dripping from Nana’s face.

“Now we sit and relax,” answered Kaoru as he walked over to the bench and sat down. “A good dog must sit patiently for her master until he is ready to move again.” Kaoru then looked at his watch. According to his calculations, the final phase of the breather would begin in about twenty minutes. Now all he had to do was wait. He removed a bottle of tea from his bag and began to drink.

###

Almost thirty minutes passed, but nothing happened. Kaoru looked at his watch again. “Dammit,” he thought to himself, “the diuretic in the juice should have kicked in by now. Why isn’t she squirming?” Kaoru continued to stare at Nana. He had been given the bottled drinks by the lady who owned the adult shop he often frequented. The shop owner knew of Kaoru and Nana’s activities and was Kaoru’s confidant who often gave him advice and new ideas. When he had mentioned being in a rut, the shop owner had insisted that Kaoru try replicating the first breather while also changing it up a bit.

Upon learning about the first breather, the shop owner gave him the bottled drinks and told him that the juice was laced with a powerful diuretic. Twenty minutes is all it should have taken, but nothing was happening. Surely Nana would have to go soon. After a couple more minutes passed, Kaoru stood up and stretched. “Well, I think we’ve been here long enough,” he said as he helped Nana to her feet. “We’ve still got one more location to hit up before we can end the breather.”

“Ok,” replied Nana. In truth, she couldn’t wait for the breather to be over. She was beginning to feel a tingling sensation in her bladder. Nana knew it would only be a matter of time until she would need to use the bathroom. She only hoped that she could hold out until the breather was over without Kaoru noticing. She did not want to relive that part of their first breather.

###

A short while later, they had reached their location. Nana knew instantly where they were. “Why are we at the Municipal Playing Field?”

“You’ll see,” smirked Kaoru. Not long after leaving the promenade, Kaoru had noticed that Nana had begun squirming a bit. It was obvious that she was trying to hide it, but there was no mistaking hit. Nana’s bladder was under attack by the raging waters building up inside. All Kaoru needed to do now was increase Nana’s pain level so that she would give in easier during the last part of the breather. “Come on now, we have quite a few stairs to climb.”

“Alright,” said Nana as she followed Kaoru up the stairs. Over the last couple minutes, she had begun to notice that each step she took increased her discomfort. If the walk over there had been torture, the climb up the steps was pure hell. Her body tensed up and she could feel herself sweating a bit. She needed to go bad, but there was no way she could let Kaoru know. After all, he would probably make her pee outside again, not that that had been all that bad. As she thought about the incident, she began to lick her lips. She wondered if she could do it again if she absolutely had to. Of course it would be a lot more difficult and way more humiliating without the use of her hands.

“We made it,” said Kaoru, beginning to pant a little bit. He had led her up the stairs and over to the spot that Nana had peed on during their first breather. Just seeing the spot brought back embarrassing memories for Nana. Nana then looked over at Kaoru and saw that he had a pained expression and his face was slightly sweaty.

“Is everything alright?” she asked. Kaoru shook his head. “What’s wrong?” Suddenly Kaoru took off at a full sprint, leash in hand, with Nana struggling to keep up behind him. Seconds later they were in the men’s room. Not really thinking about it, Kaoru rushed over to one of the urinals, unzipped his pants and let out a flood of piss into the urinal.

“This feels good,” he mumbled to himself as his body relaxed. As he peed, he thought about what just happened. He had been fine until they had reached the Municipal Playing Field, so why did he have to go so bad? As he thought about it, he came to a realization. The tea he had drank must also have been spiked with the diuretic. Kaoru had naturally assumed that the shop owner had spiked only one, not both. “Stupid, stupid, stupid,” he thought to himself. Suddenly he got the feeling that someone was watching him. Turning his head back, he saw that Nana was right behind him, her eyes transfixed on the liquid crashing down into the bottom of the urinal between his legs. Kaoru quickly turned his head back towards the wall in front of him. “Shit! I forgot that I was still holding the leash. She’s watching me piss. How could this get any more embarrassing?” he thought.

As he contemplated yelling at her to look away, he realized how stupid it would look for a Dom to get embarrassed by the sub. There was only one thing he could do now. Turning his head back, a wicked grin came across his face. “Why don’t you take a picture? It’ll last longer. Better yet, why not take a closer look if you’re so interested?” Of course he didn’t mean any of it. He was just trying to get Nana to look away out of embarrassment. What she did next though was completely unexpected. Instead of looking away, Nana walked closer to get a better look. As he looked in her eyes he could tell that she was in a trance. He needed to snap her out of it and fast. “Does watching men pee get you off?” teased Kaoru. “If so, then you really are a pervert.” His words were enough to snap Nana out of her trance.

“I’m sorry,” she cried as she quickly turned around. “I don’t know what came over me.”

“You were just curious is all,” replied Kaoru as he shook of the last couple drops and zipped up. He was getting ready to flush the urinal when an idea struck him. Instead of brooding over the fact that Nana had just watched him pee, he could use that fact to his advantage. As he stepped away from the urinal, he began to set his revised plan in motion. “Hey Nana, I couldn’t help but notice that you’ve been squirming a bit since we left the promenade. Is something wrong?”

“I have to pee,” mumbled Nana. Her words were almost inaudible, but Kaoru knew exactly what she had said. Now it was time to mess with her.

“What was that?” asked Kaoru.

“I have to pee,” she repeated a tiny bit louder.

Kaoru cupped a hand to his ear and leaned in, “Come again?”

“I HAVE TO PEE YOU JERK!” she screamed at the top of her lungs. It was loud enough to almost blow Kaoru’s ear out.

“SHHHH,” hissed Kaoru as he slammed his hand over Nana’s mouth. “Do you want to draw attention to us?” Nana shook her head. Kaoru released his hand and ran over to the entrance of the bathroom. He peeked his head outside and looked around. There was nobody there. He then walked back to Nana. “There’s no one out there.”

“That’s a relief,” said Nana.

“Speaking of relief, it’s time for the last portion of the breather.”

“And what would that be?”

“You’re going to pee.”

“Outside?” asked Nana. “I already did that in our first breather.”

“No, you’re going to do it in here.”

“Fine,” said Nana as she walked over to one of the stalls. “Can you untie my hands so I can pee?” Kaoru simply laughed. “What’s so funny?”

“You’re not going to pee in the stall. You’re going to pee in a urinal,” explained Kaoru. “Specifically, you’re going to pee in the urinal that I just peed in and you’re going to do it like a boy.”

“You’re crazy!” spat Nana. “There is no way in hell that I’m doing that!”

“Ok,” replied Kaoru. “I’ll come untie you then.”

“Really?” asked a shocked Nana.

“Of course. I told you from the very beginning that I would never force you to do something that you didn’t want to do. If it is your wish for me to untie you, then we will end our breather here. I’ll just need to take off the collar and leash.” Kaoru then walked up to Nana and reached for the collar. Suddenly Nana stepped back and turned her head in defiance. “What’s wrong? I thought you wanted this breather to be over?”

“I never said that I wanted it to be over,” mumbled Nana. Her cheeks were red and her breathing had become faster and more erotic. Kaoru knew that he had Nana right where he wanted her. All he had to do was give her a big push.

“I see,” smirked Kaoru. “Then you’ll pee in the urinal?”

“I can’t,” she whined.

“And why not?”

“Because I’m a girl and girls don’t pee standing up.”

“Nana, Nana, Nana, I’m disappointed in you,” lectured Kaoru. “You’re the type of girl who can do anything and yet you’re making excuses for yourself based off your gender. I guess you’re not the type of person I thought you were.” He watched Nana’s facial expressions. Kaoru could tell he was getting to her. “You can pretend all you want that your unstoppable, but the truth is that you’re the type of person who thinks of giving up the moment things get too difficult.” Koaru’s words tasted bitter as he knew he was really describing himself.

“Shut up!” she cried. “I’m not a quitter.”

“Then prove it,” smirked Kaoru as he pointed to the urinal he had just peed in.

“I will,” spat Nana as she walked towards the urinal. She then turned her head and asked, “Could you untie me so I can do this?”

“If I do that then the breather is over.”

“How am I supposed to do this without my hands? I can’t remove my skirt or underwear like this.”

“Simple. I’ll help you out,” replied Kaoru. He noticed the hesitation on Nana’s face. “Or we could end it right here. You’re choice.”

“Let’s just get this over with,” relented Nana. As Kaoru walked over to her, Nana looked at him and said, “But if you try anything funny I swear it will be the last thing you ever do.”

“Don’t worry. I won’t try anything funny.” Kaoru then walked behind her and pulled down her skirt. Nana lifted one leg at a time so that Kaoru could completely remove the skirt. He then slung it over his shoulder. He couldn’t help but notice Nana’s white panties. “Trying to play the innocent girl by wearing white panties,” teased Kaoru. “Honestly I think a red satin or sexy black lace would suit you better.”

“Pervert.”

“Oh come on now, I’m just having a little fun,” laughed Kaoru. “Now let’s remove those panties.” He then removed them with little trouble. As he held them in his hands, he noticed that they were slightly wet. Holding it closer to his face, he saw that it wasn’t urine but sweat. Nana’s sweat. Unable to hold himself back, he took a whiff.

“What are you doing back there?” asked Nana as she began to turn around.

“Nothing,” answered Kaoru as he stuffed the panties into the skirt. “That was close,” he thought. “Now go ahead and pee.” Nana inched closer to the urinal. It was the type that extended to the floor and had a bowl-like bottom that jutted out ever so slightly.

“I can’t do this,” she cried as she looked down at urinal still full of Kaoru’s piss.

“What’s going on now?”

“I don’t know how to do it,” she whined. “I’m a girl. I’ve never had to use a urinal before.”

“Then just do what I say,” he replied. “Since your hands are behind your back, you going to want to make sure that you’re standing directly over the base of the urinal. Keep your legs apart so that you reduce the chance of pissing down your legs. The next thing you’ll need to do is bend your knees and lean your hips forward.” Nana did as she was told. “You should be good to go now.” A couple minutes passed but nothing happened.

“I can’t do it,” she whined once more.

“And why not?” asked Kaoru. “And don’t say because you’re a girl.”

“Well there’s that, and also because you’re watching me.”

“What’s the big deal if I watch you? After all you watched me pee so it’s only fair that I get to watch you. As for whole being a girl thing, I thought that would make you want to do it even more.”

“How so?”

“Correct me if I’m wrong, but don’t some girls dream of being able to pee standing up or use a urinal instead of having to bare-ass a disgusting and possibly wet toilet seat.”

“I guess,” answered Nana.

“Just think about it Nana, your being given a once in a lifetime opportunity to see the other side. You have the opportunity that many girls secretly wish for. Right here, right now, you have the opportunity to pee in a urinal just like a guy. Doesn’t that excite you at all?” Kaoru paused for a moment and waited for Nana’s response. Nothing came. Kaoru walked over to the side so he could get a better look at Nana’s face. Sure enough, her face was red and her tongue was partially sticking out of her mouth in the usual erotic way that signaled that she was about to give in. Just a little bit more, and Nana would succumb to Kaoru’s influence. Kaoru leaned towards her. “Come on, haven’t you always wanted to piss in a urinal at least once. There is no one else here but you and me. Nobody ever has to know. Just give into temptation and be the naughty girl I know you are.”

“Ok,” stuttered Nana, her mental defenses completely broken down. She closed her eyes and took a breath.

Suddenly Nana felt Kaoru’s warm breath in her ear as he whispered, “Pee.” A split second later, the silence of the room was shattered by a hissing sound. Nana opened her eyes and looked down. A cascading stream of greenish yellow splashed into the urinal. She watched as her piss mixed with Kaoru’s to the point that she could no longer tell which was hers and which was his. In a way it was almost like Kaoru was peeing alongside her. The very thought made her blush. Nana then turned her head a bit and saw that Kaoru was watching with the same fixation that she had had when she watched him pee. Wanting to get it over with faster, she pushed a little harder.

As she did so, she continued to stare at Kaoru, her heart beating so loud that she was afraid that he might hear. She wondered what he thought of her as he watched her pee. Her thoughts were quickly interrupted by Kaoru screaming, “Watch what you’re doing!” Nana looked down and saw that her stream and become a spray and was now running down her inner thighs and legs. Without thinking about it, she took a step back, the majority of her spray now hitting the floor in front of the urinal.

“What do I do?” she cried as some of the piss droplets running down her legs reached her socks. “It’s going everywhere.” Nana was about to take another step back when she felt something warm and hard touch her butt. Before she had time to react, she was pushed forward into the urinal. Nana’s large breasts hitting the top of the urinal stopped her momentum, but not before her vagina hit the back wall of the urinal. The wall was cold and wet. Nana didn’t have to think twice about why it was wet. As she tried to step back, she found it impossible to do so. Turning her head back, she saw that Kaoru was standing behind her, his hands pressed against her back. He was forcing her into the urinal.

“What are you doing you idiot?” he screamed. “Don’t step backwards!”

“But I’m touching the urinal!” she whined as she tried to push herself back. When that didn’t work, she tried slamming him with her butt. It was enough to knock Kaoru away. Nana attempted to step back once more only to lose her balance and fall backwards. Luckily for her Kaoru caught her midfall. Using all the strength he could muster, Kaoru pushed Nana forward a bit so the remainder of her spray would hit the target. “Thank you,” blushed Nana.

“You’re welcome,” replied Kaoru. He was just getting ready to reposition his hands when he noticed that he was touching something lumpy. Not really thinking about it, he squeezed down on the lumps. Instantly he heard a moan. Kaoru peered his head over Nana’s shoulder and realized for the first time that he was clutching her breasts. “I’m not doing this on purpose!” cried a flustered Kaoru.

“Can you please let go?” she moaned.

“If I do, we both might lose balance. If that happens there will be an even worse mess to deal with. Just try to ignore it. You can punch me later.”

“I will,” she said as she did her best to ignore it. Her spray would last almost another minute and a half before it petered out into drops. “What now?”

“We clean you up,” replied Kaoru. “You’ll create a mess if you keep dripping like that. It will be easier to clean you if you lean back like you’re doing.”

“But my hands are tied. How do you expect me to clean myself?”

“I’ll do it,” declared Kaoru as he moved one hand into his pocket and pulled out the handkerchief he had used earlier. “I’ll just get the upper spots so that you’re not dripping all over the place. Once that’s done, you can finish the rest.”

Kaoru was expecting Nana to put up a fight, but instead she replied, “Just be gentle okay.” The words were enough to cause his rod to stiffen. Trying his best to ignore it, he began wiping her vagina and the inner part of her thighs where the drops were beginning to pool. The sound of her moaning soon began to take its toll. He could feel himself nearing the breaking point. Suddenly Nana spoke up. “Hey Kaoru, something’s poking my lower back. You’re not….”

“Don’t be ridiculous,” interrupted a clearly flustered Kaoru. “That’s just my phone. It must have shifted when I grabbed my handkerchief.” He quickly finished the wiping and helped Nana back into a proper standing position. He then untied her hands and handed her her clothes and the handkerchief. “You should take care of the rest of that yourself. I would suggest you use the sink to help wash some of it off. Don’t worry, I’ll guard the entrance for you.” Before Nana could turn around, Kaoru ran over to the entrance and turned his back to her. While Nana thought that he was being a gentleman, the truth was that Kaoru didn’t want her to see his erection. There was also the fact that if he had to look at her clean herself, he would likely mess his pants. Over the next few minutes he was forced to listen to the sink water run. Surely this would be a night he would never forget.

###

Once Nana was dressed, the two left the bathroom and began making their way towards the stairs. Kaoru was the first to speak up. “Hey Nana, I thought you did a good job considering everything that happened. I promise that not only will I find a way to reward you for your efforts, but I will also find a way to make up for the whole boob touch thing and for pushing you against the urinal.” Suddenly he felt something hard hit his cheek with enough force to knock him to the ground. As he looked up, he saw Nana was standing above him with her fist clenched. “What was that for?”

“You said I could punch you.” Nana then unclenched her fist and extended her hand to Kaoru. “Now we’re even,” she smiled as she helped him up. Her smile was enough to make Kaoru’s heart skip a beat.

“Yeah whatever,” blushed Kaoru as he turned his back to her. He then began walking towards the stairs with Nana close behind. They were almost at the top of the stairs when Kaoru asked, “So have you thought about what you might want as a reward for completing the breather?”

“I’m good,” answered Nana.

“Are you sure?” asked Kaoru as he turned around. The moment he did he saw that Nana’s face was a shade of red that he had never seen before.

“I’m sure.”

“Well, I’d feel bad if I didn’t give you one. After all a Dom is supposed to reward the sub if they do a good job.”

“I said I’m good,” replied Nana. She was starting to get annoyed by Kaoru’s persistence.

“Oh come on Nana, I can’t just let you go unrewarded after all of that,” said Kaoru.

“I don’t want anything,” she screamed.

“Why not?”

In her irritation, she blurted out, “Because you already rewarded me.” The instant she said that, she clapped her hands to her mouth.

“What did you just…” but before Kaoru could finish his question, he took a step backwards and fell down the stairs.

###

“NANA!” screamed Kaoru as he sat up. He looked around and saw that he was now in his room. His head hurt but otherwise he seemed to be fine. The door to his room suddenly flew open. Nana came rushing in with a wet cloth.

“What’s the matter Kaoru?”

“Nothing,” said Kaoru. Nana walked over to him and gently pushed him back down. As Nana placed the wet cloth on his forehead, Kaoru asked, “What happened?”

“What do you mean?”

“The last thing I remember is that we were performing a breather and you….”

“That was just a dream,” interrupted Nana.

“A dream?”

“Yeah. The truth is that on our way home from school you fell and hit your head pretty hard. You’ve been out for the last several hours,” explained Nana.

“So, you didn’t actually pee in a urinal standing up?”

“Of course not,” cried Nana. “I am a girl after all and everyone knows that it’s impossible for girls to do that. What you imagined was just a dream caused by hitting your head to hard.”

“I guess you’re right,” said a disappointed Kaoru.

“You should probably get some rest. Just call me on my cell phone if you need anything.”

“Alright,” yawned Kaoru as he closed his eyes. Within minutes he was fast asleep.

Nana quietly crept out of his room. She then made her way out the door and back to her apartment. Once in her apartment she walked into the bathroom and began taking off her clothes. As she threw her skirt into the laundry basket, something fell out. Nana walked over to the object and picked it up. It was a soiled handkerchief. “I should probably wash this before I return it,” she blushed as she stared at it. “Or maybe I’ll keep this as my reward. After all, a Dom should always reward a sub if they do a good job.”

*004*2018-07-28 05:41

I'll definitely post another chapter at some point in the near future. Whether it ends up on this thread or as it's own thread is the question

