When the Snow Falls: Miss Kobayashi fanfic

Author: Char242

*000*2018-03-08 07:28

Author's note: The following story takes place in the world of Miss Kobayashi's Dragon Maid. Hope you enjoy.

It was the middle of January and Shouta was out in forest up in the mountains collecting a special herb to make potions with. He had done this a couple of times by himself before, but this time accompanying him was his familiar, Lucoa. They had spent much of the morning sifting through the snow in an attempt to find the herb Shouta was looking for, but were not having much luck. Around noon time, Shouta was about ready to give up. He was cold, tired, and in major need for a bathroom. The thought of going outside had crossed his mind, but he didn’t want to do it with Lucoa around since she had a tendency to do things that embarrassed him greatly. However, he was reaching his limit and if he didn’t do something soon, he was going to wet himself. “Lucoa, would you mind searching along those bushes over there?” asked Shouta in an attempt to get her away from him.

“Sure, Shouta baby,” replied Lucoa with her usual cheerful smile. As she went to go investigate the bushes, Shouta snuck off to go relieve himself. As he was letting loose in the snow, an interesting thought came to him. Shouta then began attempting to write his name in the snow, all though it was with little success as the kanji was barely readable. Suddenly he heard the crunching of snow as Lucoa called out, “I couldn’t find it over there.” Shouta turned around just in time to see Lucoa standing several feet behind him. The sight of her made him stop what he was doing. “What are you doing?” she asked as she started moving closer to him.

“Get back you demon!” screamed Shouta as he froze up in fear as he thought of what Lucoa might do. Of course, Lucoa didn’t listen and soon she was standing right next to him, looking down at the yellow snow.

“Were you trying to write your name in the snow?” asked Lucoa as she tried to make heads or tails of what had been written in the snow.

Realizing that he couldn’t deny it, he said, “Yes I was.” Lucoa looked at him with much curiosity. “Writing your name in the snow is something that all boys try to do at least once in their lives,” stated Shouta, not really knowing why he was trying to defend his actions to her. Regardless of what he said, he knew how weird it must have looked.

“I get it,” said Lucoa, “but your writing is terrible. Here let me help.” Before Shouta could say anything, Lucoa made her attempt to help him. However, her attempt to help only made matters worse as a flustered Shouta fought back, partially wetting himself in the process.

“STOP IT!” screamed Shouta as he managed to pull away from her and adjusted his now slightly wet pants.

“I was only trying to help,” replied Lucoa, a little taken aback by being yelled at.

“I didn’t ask for your help,” said Shouta, his usual shy demeanor now replaced with seething rage. “Your always doing things that embarrass me and then act like it’s no big deal and you have no sense of personal boundaries.”

“I’m sorry,” replied Lucoa, sensing that she had really done it this time.

“I don’t want to hear it from you because I know you don’t mean it. You’re ruining my life. I wish I had never summoned you.”

“Shouta, I…”

“SHUT UP! I HATE YOU! LEAVE AND DON’T EVER COMEBACK!” screamed Shouta, his anger getting the best of him. The forest was silent for a few moments, but those few moments seemed to last for an eternity. As he calmed down a little bit, he began to recognize that maybe he had gone too far. He then looked up at Lucoa who still had a smile on her face. It was then that he noticed that tears were beginning to form in her eyes.

“Okay. If that is what you wish, then I will do as you say,” she then turned around and opened a small portal. As Lucoa entered the portal, she turned her head towards Shouta who was shocked to see the first of what would be many tears running down her cheeks. Then she was gone.

“I don’t need you!” screamed Shouta. He then began the short trek to the nearest train station.

………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………….

It was Kobayashi’s day off and she was using it to relax under the kotatsu on this cold January day. Joining her under the kotatsu was her doting dragon maid Tohru. “This is so relaxing,” said Kobayashi as she basked in the warmth of the kotatsu.

“Yeah, it feels amazing,” chimed Tohru. “I don’t think I could get up even if I wanted to.” The moment she said that, the two women heard the buzz of the doorbell.

“Tohru, could you answer that?”

“Why me?”

“You’re closer.”

“Fine,” said Tohru as she got out from underneath the kotatsu. The doorbell buzzed once more. “I’m coming,” yelled Tohru as she made her way for the door. As she opened the door, she was surprised to see a crying Lucoa standing outside the apartment. “Lucoa, what’s wrong?” Instead of answering her, Lucoa ran into Tohru’s arms, burying her face in Tohru’s ample bosom, and cried hysterically.

Lucoa’s crying was enough to draw Kobayashi out from the kotatsu. Kobayashi had never been good at handling these sorts of things. As she walked over to Tohru who was now doing her best to try to comfort her friend, Kobayashi said, “Her crying is going to attract the neighbors. Bring her inside quickly.”

Tohru did as she was told. Once they were inside, Tohru sat Lucoa down at the kitchen table and made her something warm to drink. Kobayashi sat down at the table and not really knowing what else to do pushed a box of tissues towards Lucoa. “Thank you,” said Lucoa as she took the tissues and began blowing her nose.

“You’re usually so bright and cheerful,” said Kobayashi, “did something happen?” The room was silent except for the sounds of Lucoa’s crying and Tohru’s pouring of the drinks.

“Don’t worry, you can tell us what’s going on,” said Tohru as she placed a hot cup of coffee in front of Lucoa.

Lucoa grabbed the cup of coffee, took a sip, and sobbed, “Shouta said he never wants to see me again.”

“Isn’t he always getting flustered and yelling at you to stay away from him?” asked Kobayashi, taking a sip from her own drink. “What’s different this time?”

Lucoa then proceeded to tell them what happened and what Shouta had said. At the end, she cried, “Shouta hates me now.”

“I’m sure he doesn’t hate you,” said Tohru supportively. “I’m sure he was just shocked and said things he didn’t mean in anger. Just give him some time to cool down and try apologizing to him when you see him tonight.”

“I don’t think that's a good idea,” replied Kobayashi. “From what I’m hearing, it sounds like you made him really mad. Honestly, I don’t think it's a good idea for you to see him for a while.”

“How long is a while?” asked Lucoa.

“I don’t really know, but based on his reaction, it would be better for you to wait until he wants to see you,” said Kobayashi.

“And what if he never wants to see me again?” asked a worried Lucoa

“Then there really isn’t anything you can do about it,” replied Kobayashi, her words coming off as cold and uncaring.

“How can you say that?” asked Tohru. “Can’t you see that Lucoa is hurting?”

“Of course I can,” replied Kobayashi as she took off her glasses and cleaned a smudge off them. As she put them back on, she said, “When a person says those kinds of things, they are usually at point where they are so angry that no amount of apologizing will fix their mood, in fact apologizing will only make it worse. All you can do is let nature take its course and wait for them to seek you out.”

“Kobayashi’s right,” said Lucoa as she finished her cup. “I should stay away from Shouta until he wants to see me.” She then proceeded to get up from the table. “I should probably leave now. Thank you for trying to comfort me.”

“Do you have anywhere to stay?” asked Tohru, her question knocking Lucoa off guard.

“No, I don’t.”

“We have plenty of space. You can stay with us for a while,” replied Kobayashi.

“Thank you. I appreciate your hospitality,” said Lucoa as she bowed her head. She then happened to look outside and saw that it had begun snowing. As she watched the snowflakes fall, she wondered if things would ever be the same again.

………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………….

Shouta had returned home just as it started snowing. He went up to his room to change out of his urine soaked clothes, half expecting for Lucoa to be waiting for him in his room. However, she wasn’t there. Suddenly the thought crossed his mind that maybe Lucoa had done exactly as he told her to and left for good. Shouta quickly shook the thought out of his mind. “She’ll be back soon,” he said to himself, “I mean she always comes back even after I tell her to go away. This is no different.” However, a small part of him couldn’t help but think that maybe he was wrong.

Several hours passed and it was soon dinner time. As Shouta sat down to eat with his parents, he couldn’t help but notice that Lucoa still had not returned. His mother must have noticed it as well because she asked, “Where’s Lucoa? It’s not like her to miss dinner without saying something to one of us.”

“I’m sure she is off with her friends and forgot to tell us that she’d be out late,” replied Shouta’s father. “I’m sure she’ll be back soon. Right son?” Shouta didn’t say anything, he merely nodded his head. His mind was lost in thought over whether Lucoa was going to come back or not.

It was soon bedtime and Lucoa still had not returned. By this time, Shouta was really beginning to worry that she had left for good. As he lay in bed, he found it difficult to sleep as he had become oddly accustomed to Lucoa sneaking into his bed, much to his chagrin. “She’ll come back,” he told himself over and over again, “she always does.”

………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………….

A week flew by and Lucoa had still not returned. As Shouta’s family sat down to dinner, Shouta’s father said, “I haven’t seen Lucoa in a while. I hope she’s okay.”

“Shouta, is everything alright?” asked his mother. “You’ve barely touched your dinner.”

“I’m not very hungry,” replied Shouta, “may I be excused.” His mother gave him the okay.

As Shouta left the table his father asked, “Shouta, do you know when Lucoa is coming back?” The question felt like a knife to the heart.

“She’s gone and she’s never coming back!” screamed Shouta, tears forming in his eyes. He then ran upstairs and locked himself in his bedroom and began crying into his pillow. “I’m sorry. Please come back.” He eventually cried himself to sleep, just as he had done for the last several nights.

………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………….

Kobayashi was hard at work, the black bags under eyes revealing to those around her that she had not been sleeping well. As she typed away, she soon found herself nodding off. She was jolted awake by the sound of a coffee cup being placed in front of her. Turning her head, she saw that Takiya was standing behind her, a concerned look on his face. “You don’t look so good. Is everything okay at home?”

“I’m fine,” yawned Kobayashi as she grabbed the cup and took a sip, “it’s just that I haven’t been getting much sleep lately.”

“May I ask what’s going on?”

“As you know from our after-work drinking sessions, Lucoa has been staying at my place for the past week due to a fight with Shouta. During the day she seems bright and cheerful, but when night comes she starts to remember little things about him and begins crying her eyes out. It’s been keeping me up the past few nights now. What’s worse is that she’s started sneaking into my bed and using me as a body pillow. Her breasts almost suffocated me seven times last night.”

“That’s rough,” said Takiya. “Maybe it’s time that you try patching things up between those two.”

“Believe me, I'd like too, but I think that it’s something that they should try to resolve on their own.”

“Alright, but if you change your mind don’t hesitate to ask for help,” said Takiya with a smile.

“Thank you,” replied Kobayashi as she turned her focus back to her work.

…………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………

As Takiya returned to his apartment, he was greeted by the familiar sight of Fafnir playing video games. “Welcome back. How was work?” asked Fafnir, his eyes glued to the computer screen.

“Same old, same old,” said Takiya as he put his glasses on and reverted to his otaku form. “I’ll start making the curry.”

“Is it mild?” asked Fafnir.

“It’s mild, same as always,” smiled Takiya as he began preparing the food. “You know Kobayashi’s been telling me that Lucoa has been crying a lot lately. I’m thinking that maybe you should go check on her. She is your friend after all.”

“She is not my friend,” said Fafnir coldly, “she is merely a fellow dragon who happens to be an acquaintance.”

“I see,” said Takiya with a hint of disappointment in his voice.

“Hey Takiya, do you think if I went to Kobayashi’s place that she would let me play that new videogame she has?” asked Fafnir.

“I think she would,” said Takiya smiling for he knew that that was Fafnir’s way of saying that he would check up on Lucoa. “Dinner’s ready.” As the two sat down for dinner, Takiya hoped for Kobayashi’s sake that things would work out soon.

………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………….

The next day while Kobayashi was at work, Fafnir made a visit to her apartment. It was late in the afternoon when Fafnir arrived. As Tohru let him in, she asked, “What brings you over here today?”

“I’m simply here to play that new videogame that Takiya was telling me about.” As he made his way into the living room, he said, “I heard that Lucoa had a fight with that little human and has been staying here for the past few days. Is she around?”

“Yeah, but she’s sleeping right now in Kobayashi’s room. Do you want me to wake her?”

“There is no need for that, I was merely making conversation.”

Suddenly the door to Kobayashi’s room opened. As Lucoa walked out, she noticed Fafnir preparing to play a videogame. “Here to play another game I see,” teased Lucoa as she did her best to be cheerful.

“You know, if a human makes you this upset, then maybe it’s time that you moved back to our world,” said Fafnir in his usual cold tone. “Humans are selfish creatures who do not care if their words hurt others. It is in their nature. If you go back to that boy it will happen again and again. Even if you somehow manage to patch things up, what happens then? That boy will eventually die. We both know that when that happens you will experience a pain far beyond what you are feeling now. You should take this little spat as an opportunity to leave before that happens.”

“FAFNIR!” screamed Torhu as she grabbed him and prepared to hit him with her fist which had now taken dragon form.

“Stop it Torhru,” said Lucoa. “Fafnir is right. Maybe I should go home for a while.”

“Are you sure about that?” asked Tohru as she released her grip on Fafnir.

“Yes. Would you mind going with me on a little trip to the mountains. There is something that I have to do before I go.”

“Alright,” said Tohru. She then turned to Fafnir and said, “Kanna should be coming home any minute. Could you watch her while I’m gone?”

“Sure,” said Fafnir, his attention now glued to the game he was playing.

“Let’s get going quickly. I hear it’s supposed to snow again soon. Let’s take the train, it’s too cold to fly,” said Tohru as she and Lucoa set off for the mountains.

………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………….

It was about five o’clock in the evening when Kobayashi stepped out of the office. As she began massaging her shoulders, she said, “It’s been a long time since I got out this early. Maybe I’ll grab a quick drink on the way home.” As she took a step forward, something ran into her with enough speed and force to knock her down. “Owww,” whined Kobayashi as she sat up. It was then that she noticed that Shouta was laying on the ground in front of her. “Shouta, what are you doing here?” she asked as she helped him up.

“I came here looking for you. I thought you might know where Lucoa is. I need to talk to her. It’s important.

“She’s been staying at my place for the past week. I’ll call the house and see if she can meet us somewhere,” replied Kobayashi as she pulled out her cellphone and dialed the number.

“Hello? Who may I ask is calling?” answered a cute voice on the other side of the line.

“Hey Kanna, it’s Kobayashi. Can you put Tohru or Lucoa on the phone?”

“There not here,” replied Kanna.

“Hold up a second, are you alone right now?” asked a worried Kobayashi.

“No, Fafnir is watching me.”

“Put Fafnir on the line right now and if he says no, tell him that he won’t be playing any more of my videogames,”

“Alright,” said Kanna. Kobayashi patiently waited.

“What do you want human?” asked Fafnir in his usual cold and condescending tone.

“I want you to tell me where Tohru and Lucoa went.”

“They went to the mountains,” replied Fafnir. “Lucoa plans on moving back to our world.”

“WHAT!!!” screamed Kobayashi in shock. “How long ago did they leave?”

“They left a couple hours ago. Said something about taking a train. If you’ll excuse me I’m going back to my game,” and with that Fafnir hung up on her.

“DAMN IT!” screamed Kobayashi. She then looked down at Shouta and said, “Lucoa is planning on heading back to her world. If we hurry we should be able to stop her.” As the two began running for the station, they bumped into Elma who was carrying two bags filled to the brim with snacks. Kobayashi quickly grabbed her and said, “Hey Elma, do you think you could go to my place and watch Kanna for me until I get back? Fafnir is there right now but he is not exactly the caregiving type.”

“I’m sorry, but I’m sort of busy right now,” replied Elma, doing her best not to drop her bags.

“If you do this for me, then I promise I’ll take you to that new all-you-can-eat cake buffet that just opened up a few blocks away from here,” begged Kobayashi.

Elma began to drool at the thought of all the sweets she could stuff her face with. “I guess I can watch her for a little while.”

“Good,” said Kobayashi as she handed her a key to the apartment. She then turned to Shouta and said, “Hurry up now, the train is going to leave soon.” Elma watched as the two ran off, wondering what could possibly have them in such a hurry. It was then that the first few flakes of snow began falling.

………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………….

While Kobayashi and Shouta were boarding a train bound for the mountains, Tohru and Lucoa had already reached their destination and were now sifting through the snow looking for the herb that Shouta had been looking for a week earlier. “Tell me why exactly are we doing this?” asked Tohru, her hands starting to get cold as she dug around in the snow.”

“I wanted to find a few of the herbs that Shouta needs before I left. I was hoping that you could give them to him along with the message that I am sorry for what I did.”

“Are you really sure you want to go back to our world?”

“Yes. Fafnir was right when he said that my staying here would only cause me more pain. I’ve known all along that Shouta will grow old and eventually die. Human lives are so short compared to ours. It would be better if I went back to the other world.”

“That’s exactly why you need to spend as much time with Shouta as you can so that you can create happy memories that you can cherish long after he is gone.”

“You know as well as I do that with the passage of time even the happiest memories become sad reminders of what once was. Honestly, I think I’d be better off not having those memories.”

“I think I understand,” said Tohru as she looked at Lucoa. “But can you honestly tell me that by leaving things like this that you won’t regret it for the rest of your life?”

Before Lucoa could respond, the two girls heard footsteps crunching the snow behind them. “Excuse me ladies but I couldn’t help hearing that you come from another world. Do you think you could do me a favor?” asked a stranger standing several feet away from them. The girls looked at each other as they contemplated what to do next.

………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………….

The temperature had dropped significantly as Kobayashi and Shouta searched the forest for Tohru and Lucoa. “TOHRU, LUCOA, WHERE ARE YOU?” yelled Kobayashi as the wind kicked up.

“Look over there,” shouted Shouta as he pointed to a strange black glow in the distance. Just as Kobayashi turned her head, Shouta took off running at full speed.

“Wait up,” yelled Kobayashi as she did her best to keep up with him.

But Shouta was too focused on reaching the light. He knew from past experience that what he was seeing was a portal to the other world. As he got closer, he could see Tohru standing in front of it. He then watched in horror as the portal began to get smaller and smaller. “Wait,” cried Shouta, “don’t close that portal.” Suddenly he lost his footing and tripped, slamming face first into the snow. As he lifted his head, he watched as the portal closed. “NO!” he cried as he sat up and stared at where the portal had been just a few seconds earlier.

“Shouta are you okay?” asked Kobayashi as she knelt down in the snow next to him, doing her best to wipe the snow off his face and jacket.

“She’s gone,” said Shouta as tears began streaming down his face. “She’s gone and it’s all my fault. I never even got to apologize.”

“I thought this is what you wanted,” said Kobayashi as she grabbed a handkerchief from her coat pocket and began wiping Shouta’s face. “I mean you were always telling her to stay away.”

“I know that,” sobbed Shouta. “She was clingy and she was always doing things that embarrassed me. But she was always there for me when I got home from school and would listen to me when I told her about my day. Who’s going to be there for me now?”

“I see,” said Kobayashi as she finally began to understand just what was going on. “So, what you’re saying is that she is like an annoying big sister and that your lonely without her?” Shouta nodded his head. Kobayashi lifted her head up and yelled, “Did you hear all that?” As the wind stopped, Shouta heard something hit the snow. Turning around, he saw Lucoa standing several feet behind him. Next to her feet was a pile of the herb that Shouta had been looking for.

“SHOUTA BABY!” she screamed as she ran over to him and hugged him against her ginormous breasts, nearly suffocating him in the process.

“How are you here?” asked a very confused Shouta. “I saw the portal close.”

“Oh, that?” responded Tohru, “That was a portal for another creature from our world that just happened to pass by and was looking for a way home.”

Shouta looked into Lucoa’s eyes and asked, “Are you still planning on going home to your world?”

“Of course not, my home is in this world with you silly,” replied Lucoa as she used the sleeve of her sweater to wipe the few remaining tears from Shouta’s face. She then helped him to his feet before turning her attention to the others. “We should probably start making our way back before the storm kicks up again.”

“Alright,” said Tohru as she turned into her dragon form, “everybody get on.”

“Are you crazy?” cried Kobayashi. “If we rode on you in this weather we’d probably freeze to death. I’m taking the train.”

“Fine,” pouted Tohru as she and Kobayashi began making their way out of the forest. “You guys coming?”

“There’s something I need to do first. We’ll catch up in a second,” shouted Lucoa. She watched as the other two walked off. Just then there was a break in the clouds, allowing the moon and stars to illuminate the spot that she and Shouta were standing in. Lucoa turned to Shouta and said, “I’m sorry for what I did. I’ll try to be more considerate in the future but I can’t make any promises that I won’t do something to embarrass you.”

“That’s alright,” said Shouta. “And for what it’s worth I’m sorry for the things I said to you. Now can we please get out of here, I’m starting to get cold.”

“Not yet,” replied Lucoa, “there is still one thing left that I need to do.” It was then that Shouta noticed that Lucoa was crossing her legs a bit. As his eyes adjusted to the darkness, he noticed that her bladder seemed to be bulging a bit.

“Is everything alright?” he asked, not quite sure if he wanted to know the answer.

“I just really need to pee,” replied Lucoa. “In fact, I’ve been holding it for about ten hours now.”

“That can’t possibly be healthy,” said Shouta. “Why have you been holding it that long?”

“Well the first seven hours were because I was sleeping and couldn’t be bothered to get up. The last three hours were intentionally just for you.”

“Why?”

“Because I had a feeling you’d come find me and I wanted to do something that makes us even for what happened that day.” Before he could ask what she meant by that, Shouta watched as Lucoa unfastened her pants and pulled them down just below her thighs. Lucoa then proceeded to spread her labia in full view of Shouta who was both embarrassed yet fascinated at the same time. Shouta watched as the snow in front of Lucoa began melting away and turning a golden yellow. As her piss stream hit the snow, she began moving her hips around. It took a few seconds for Shouta to recognize that Lucoa was writing something in the snow.

“What are you writing?” he asked, his face now red with embarrassment.

“You’ll see,” she said. A couple more minutes passed before she finally finished. As Shouta looked at the writing, he realized it was the kanji for: “Shouta and Lucoa, together forever”. The words were encircled in a heart. What shocked Shouta the most was not what the words said but the fact that Lucoa had enough piss in her to write all of that. As he turned to face her, he watched as she pulled up her pants and noticed a large wet patch in the front of her pants. He had been so busy watching her stream hit the snow that he hadn’t noticed some of it falling into her pants. “Now we’re even,” said Lucoa smiling as she showed off her now soiled pants.

“That’s just gross,” said Shouta as he put his arm up to his face in order to hide a smile.

“Oh come on,” teased Lucoa. “I did this all for you. Now why don’t you give me a big hug.” As she moved towards him, all Shouta could see was her now soiled pants.

“No way!” screamed Shouta as he began running in the direction that Tohru and Kobayashi had walked off in. As he ran, he could hear Lucoa following him.

“Come on Shouta baby, give me a big hug!”

“No! You’re covered in pee and you smell!” shouted Shouta as he thought about how grateful he was that Lucoa was in his life.

