Chapter One: The First Date

Author: coupledesps

*000*2022-05-26 04:31

Mike and Aria, for their first date, went to a nice restaurant. Mike's house was about two hours away from Aria’s. On the way to her house, Mike came to the realization that he had to pee. Mike wasn't too worried because he was only 10 minutes away from her house. As he was about to reach her house he texted her saying, “hey can i use your restroom.” She texted in reply, “ummm sorry my bathroom is getting work done rn.” Mike started to panic a little as he pulled into Aria’s driveway. As she walked out the door with her and white sweater blue jeans and purse, locking her door behind her, Mike was absolutely captivated by her beauty. As he got out of the car to open the door for her, she greeted him with a warm embrace. He was so happy he almost pissed himself.

After she got in the car, he closed the door and went around to get in. He asked her for the directions to the restaurant but she already had it pulled out on her phone. He asked “ how long will it take to get there?” She replied by showing her phone to him, it read 26 minutes. After finding out it was only a 30 minute drive, he relaxed and pulled out of the driveway. As he was pulling out the driveway his bladder gave him a small squeeze but he had everything under control.

Halfway to the restaurant Aria, already knowing Mike had to pee, noticed that he was squirming and bouncing his leg up and down. She began to get a little turned on. She crossed her legs and turned to face the window. 5 minutes away from the restaurant Mike was glad to be moments away from relief. He parked in the closest spot to the restaurant knowing he would have difficulty walking. As they got out of the car, he felt another urge coming from his bladder causing him to bend forward. He quickly but gently clutched his crotch and straightened up, Aria saw it and pretended not to notice. He walked over to her slightly crossing his legs and took her hand. They started walking hand in hand toward the restaurant. Aria had already made reservations so getting seated was fast and easy, thank god for that Mike thought.

At this point Aria's underwear was damp from arousal. As soon as they got seated, they put their stuff down and both ran to the restrooms, Mike to pee and Aria to make sure she wasn't leaking too much precum. Ironically the restrooms were right next to each other and they both looked at each other with fear in their eyes, because the doors were both locked. Being a gentleman, Mike said he would be right back with the keys. He walked up to the greeting hostess and asked her for keys to the restrooms.

She sadly replied with “I'm so sorry but we unfortunately lost the keys but we put in an order for new keys right away and they should be here in about a couple hours.” Mike was furious, he sternly said “ I don't know what kind of restaurant doesn't have back up keys to the restroom but okay thank you” He walked away in great discomfort.. He returned to Aria and explained to her the situation. She then asked with her puppy dog eyes “are you okay to stay and eat?” How could he say no to that adorable face of hers. Fighting his tears and with a forced smile he replied, “sure love.”

They sat across from each other at the table and waited for the waiter. When the waiter showed up he looked at Aria and asked, “would you like to order a drink to start off with?” She answered “ yes thank you, i would like a lemonade please.” As the waiter turned to face Mike, before the waiter could even get the words out of his mouth. Mike quickly said “no drink thank you.” Aria laughed and said “I thought you would want a LARGE dr. Pepper, no?” Mike sarcastically laughed and mouthed the words fuck you.

Aria looked at him and smirked. The waiter walked away in confusion. Mike jokingly asked “So how's our first date going so far?” She laughed and said “great.” The waiter brought out her lemonade and Mike's large dr.pepper. When Aria saw the Dr.pepper she almost died of laughter. The waiter then asked if they were ready to order. Mike couldn't even think about food right now and asked her if she could order for him. They have been best friends for so long so she would know exactly what he would want. She ordered a burger and fries for her and fettuccine pasta for her date.

30 minutes passed as they waited for their food, Mike started getting a little squirmy and Aria was even more aroused and her damp underwear was getting wetter by the minute. She looked down at her phone and got a text saying the worker was leaving her house and that everything was working fine. Mike asked “hey why are you on your phone” she replied flirtingly “the plumber just left, you think you can wait and make it to my house?” Mike, already in discomfort from his overfilled bladder, said with a forced grin “yep i'm a big boy, i'll be fine.” As the food was coming out, Aria noticed Mike hadn't taken a single sip yet from his drink so she said “aren't you going to drink your LARGE dr.pepper Mike??” Mike replied laughing, “ I don't find you funny.”

As they ate she asked him “So what made you finally ask me out, i've been waiting for this for so long.” At this point Mike forgot he had to pee. He was so happy that she had liked him back all this time. He said, trying not to let his smile show “i finally had enough courage to do it, i was scared you only saw me as a friend.” She laughed and said “not such a big boy now are you?” Mike said winking at her “ you don't even know what big is yet.” They were finished eating and Aria asked if he wanted to stay a little longer for dessert. Mike replied saying “ can we please take it to go before i pee myself.” Aria covered her face in embarrassment and said “can you please not say that.” Aria was feeling more aroused than she's ever been before. Mike smiled and asked why, Aria replied saying it was a secret.

Mike was too distracted to focus on the secret, he just wanted to get up and leave so he could pee. Ordering dessert to go took another 20 minutes, Mike was bouncing his leg again and grabbing his crotch more often. Aria, trying not to look at Mike, was fighting the urge to touch herself. When their to-go bags finally came, Mike jumped up and was almost running to his car squeezing his legs together. Aria was quickly following Mike to the car; she didn't notice her house keys fell out of her back pocket back at their table. Mike, already in the car, was crossing his legs in the passenger's seat. Aria got in the driver's seat confused.

Mike asked, “Could you drive? I really need to pee and I don't think I can focus on the road.” Aria said “sure but where are your keys?” He reached into his pocket letting go of his crotch and quickly got the keys and gave them to her. As she was starting the car, she heard a gasp next to her. Mike was shaking his legs and grabbing his crotch trying not to wet himself. At this point Aria just couldn't fight it anymore and leaned over and gave him a little kiss before pulling out of the parking lot and heading toward her house.

On the way, she realized that her precum was leaking out of her underwear but it hadn’t shown on her jeans yet. She was worried that soon it would start soaking through her jeans. Mike was still shocked and wondering about the kiss he had just received. He was thinking about kissing her back at the next red light. Aria was wondering why Mike hasn't said anything about the kiss. Just as she thought that, she stopped at a red light and Mike leaned over and kissed her. Aria slowly leaned in towards Mike and they started passionately kissing. The car behind them honked, and Aria realized that the light had turned green. This took Mike's mind off his increasing need to pee. She took off and both of them were trying not to let the other one know they were smiling. They drove the rest of the way in silence.

Mike’s urge came back as they pulled into the driveway. Mike was ready to jump out and wait by the door so he could relieve himself. But just as he opened the door. Aria said “oh my god Mike im so sorry.” he looked at her in confusion and asked “what is it?” He was really starting to get desperate and he just wanted to get inside. Aria said, still looking around “I don't know where the keys are to get inside, I must have dropped them at the restaurant.” Mike’s heart sank and another wave of desperation hit him. He groaned, grabbing his crotch and squeezing his legs together as tight as he could.

Aria said “Hey it has been a couple hours since we talked to them about the restrooms, maybe the keys arrived and you can go when you get there. ''Lets hope, I don't know how much longer I can hold it, it's getting really bad,” Mike said, holding himself tighter than before. Aria started up the GPS again and pulled out of the driveway. Mike was really starting to question whether he would make it or not. He could barely stay still in his seat. Crossing his legs and grabbing his dick wasn't helping as much as he wanted it too.

Halfway there Mike noticed Aria was crossing her legs too so he asked “ Do you have to pee too?” Aria still didn't want Mike to know her secret so she nervously replied “yeah i do.” About 10 minutes later, Mike asked “how much further?” Aria said “ not too much longer baby, only like 2 minutes” Aria realized that she had just called her new boyfriend baby, her cheeks instantly turned red and she couldn't turn her face to look away because she was driving so she just avoided eye contact with Mike. Mike started blushing, hard. Although he still needed to pee very badly, it distracted him until they got to the restaurant. Aria got out of the car and was waiting for Mike but he didn't come so she went around and opened the door for him. She found him sitting there holding his dick and shaking his legs.

“I don't think I can walk,” he said. Aria encouragingly said “ yes you can here let me help you” She helped him out of the car and held his hand. He quickly took his hand away and placed it in between his legs. She removed his hand and placed it in hers. He looked at her like she was crazy because without his hand there he could feel his pee slowly starting to leak. He let it go because her hands were so soft he wanted to keep holding them, he wanted to hold her too, not just her hands. He realized that in this situation he could probably get away with his plan. He pretended to fall over due to discomfort. She caught him and pulled him close to her. Mike held onto her as tight as he possibly could, he couldn't resist and kissed her on the cheek.

They continued walking and Aria had her face turned away, blushing like crazy. They got into the restaurant just as it was about to close. Aria ran to the table they were sitting at and found her keys. She came back to Mike arguing with the hostess, trying to stand still. “What's going on?” she asked. Mike said “ apparently the keys got here an hour ago but the restrooms needed cleaning so they are covered in toxic chemicals” he hesitated “so i have to wait until we get to your house.”

“I'm sorry” Aria said, “let's go back to the car and get home.” He nodded. When they got back to the car, she checked to make sure she wasn't completely soaking through her underwear. When she sat down, she noticed it had gone through her pants and there was a small noticeable wet patch on the front of her pants. Mike sat down in the car and put his seatbelt on, with that he groaned as it added pressure to his bladder. Mike felt a couple drops leak from his dick, he quickly crossed his legs and grabbed his crotch stopping the flow. He kept his hands over his wet spot trying to hide it from Aria. He didn't want her to know he had peed himself a little. Aria saw him grab his dick and thought about how badly she wanted him to touch her. She had to stop herself from asking Mike if he wanted to sleep over realizing it wasn’t the right time for her sex drive to take over.

Mike then realizes that Aria had a spot on her pants, he had been so concerned with himself he totally forgot about her need. He asked her “Did you leak a little?” Aria was shocked that Mike noticed considering his state. She didn't know what to say. She didn't want Mike thinking she pissed herself, but she also didn't want Mike to know about her pee desperation kink. She hesitated. Mike saw how embarrassed she was and showed her the wet spot on his pants. This set Aria off. She grabbed Mike and started passionately kissing him. He let go of his dick and grabbed her face and kissed back. Mike didn’t know what was happening and what he did to get kissed like this but he was surprised when he felt her tongue inside his mouth.

He didn’t want her to stop, he wanted to go further but he really needed to pee. He quickly took his hands off her and put them back to his crotch and said looking up at her nervously “we should get going, i need to pee so bad right now.” he squeezed his dick and bounced both of his legs. Aria replied “yeah okay let's go”. She started the car and pulled out of the parking lot of the restaurant. During the drive, Mike was constantly squirming and shaking his legs. He even started trembling, god he thought damn it i need to pee. Aria said comfortingly “Don't worry we'll be there in 10 minutes.” He couldn't even talk. He just nodded as he crossed his legs tighter. 5 minutes later, Mike stuttered “ i-i-i don't think I'll make it, i have to go so bad.” He winced in discomfort. Aria put her hand on his arm and comforted him saying “hey it's okay, just a little longer baby. 5 more minutes, that's it.”

She pulled into the driveway and Mike flew open the door and started running as fast as his bladder would let him, he was already at the door by the time Aria even got out of the car. Mike yelled “hurry Aria please hurry, i have to pee so fucking bad please hurry!!!”

“I'm coming” she yelled back, fumbling with her keys a little because of her arousal. She opened the door and told him where the bathroom was. He ran down the hall and into the bathroom closing the door behind him. As Aria was setting her stuff down, she heard him yell “Aria p-please help me, i-i cant, my zipper is stuck.” She went into the bathroom and saw Mike was leaning against the wall, holding himself. He tried fumbling with the zipper again but it was no use. He let go of his crotch just for a second and Aria could see the outline of his dick.

She tried not to look too aroused. Mike squeezed his legs together and shoved his hand in between them. She swore she saw sweat dripping from his forehead. She ran up to him saying “here Mike let me help.” She tried getting the zipper unstuck but Mike was moving around too much. “Mike love, try to stay still, i cant get it.” Mike groaned, he was trying his best but it was so hard he felt another drop of pee leak. And another. Just as Aria was about to unzip his pants, the wet spot on his jeans got bigger.

Once his fly was open, he whipped out his dick and let go. Aria stood there in awe as he sighed in relief. Aria stood there, staring at him pee she slowly backed out into the hallway. Still watching him pee, knowing he couldn’t see her she put her hand down her pants and started touching herself. When she heard the pee stop she quickly took her hand out of her underwear and wiped it on her pants. Mike stepped out of the bathroom after washing his hands he walked to the door and said, “ I love you Aria. Thank you for tonight.”

As he was walking out the door she ran to him and hugged him tight. Mike also wrapped his arms around her. She hid her face in his chest and said, “ I need to tell you something.” Aria took Mike's hand and guided it to her dripping vagina. Mike was confused as to why it was so wet and sticky until she whispered in his ear, “ I never had to pee. I have a pee desperation kink.” Mike finally understood what was going on. It wasn't pee he was feeling, it was precum. She looked up at him and started moving his hand to rub her clit. She let out a small moan.

When Mike heard her moan he couldn’t hold back anymore. He started to rub her clit and put his other hand on her face pulling her in to kiss him. He walked her back until she hit the wall. She put her tongue in his mouth and started to rub his dick through his pants. He took his hand out of her pants and turned her around. So that she faced the wall he slowly kissed her neck while unzipping and taking off her sweater. Mike turned her back around to see that she had no bra on. He instantly started kissing her breast with the other one in his hand. He slowly ascended to kissing her neck and then back to her lips.

He picked her up and carried her to the bed in her room while passionately kissing her. He bent over so that he was on top of her while her feet were hanging off the bed. Mike took off her underwear and started to lick her clit. Aria let out a violent moan and grabbed Mike's head moaning, “Don’t stop, Don’t stop. Fuuuck, I'm gonna cum.” she came right in his face. Mike stood and started to take off his pants and underwear and Aria got down on her knees and started to stroke his dick with her hands. After hearing him moan she put his dick in her mouth and started moving her head back and forth while rubbing her clit. Mike gently grasped her head and said, “Look up at me.”

She looked up at him and he moaned, “God you're so amazing”.

She continued moving her head back and forth when suddenly Mike picked her up and put on the bed. He got on top of her and slid his dick into her. She moaned. He began to move in and out while kissing her. She started kissing him back too but she started letting out little moans every time his dick went deeper into her. Aria turned Mike over so that he was facing upwards and put his dick in her. She began to bounce on his dick. Mike let out a loud moan and said, “Fuck I love you.” Mike still holding onto Aria stands up and pins her to the wall and begins aggressively fucking her. Aria wrapped her legs around Mike as he continued to fuck her. They took a deep breath and let out a big moan as they both said, “I’M CUMMING!!!!”

Mike stood there holding Aria in his arms. He held her close so that their noses were touching and he could feel her heavy breathing. He looked into her eyes, gave her a quick kiss and whispered in her ear, “ I really love you Aria.” He carried her back to the bed and laid down, holding onto her. They laid there for a few minutes just thinking to themselves. Aria couldn't believe that just happened, it's what she's been wanting all day but she never expected it to go like that. She thought, god that felt so good, i love him so much.

Mike was in shock about how it started. He always thought that Aria wasn’t the aggressive type but she kind of just took over. He thought, I’ve never loved someone so much. Is it bad that I just want her to lay on me like this and just fall asleep. Mike started to get up but Aria wasn't ready to let go yet. She pulled him back down and said in a soft voice “ do you think you can stay the night….please?” Mike laid back down, cuddled her and kissed her lips saying, “Of course my love” He kissed her one more time and she snuggled her face into his chest and they fell asleep together.

