A Knight and Her Problems-an original fiction

Author: Char242

*012*2018-02-03 09:14

Part 3

Roughly three hours had passed since Hawk stormed off following the river incident, and he had still not returned. It was around this time that all three girls were becoming anxious. “Do you think Hawk plans on coming back? Do you think maybe something bad happened to him?” asked Lilith wondering if the other girls were thinking the same thing.

“Hawk’s a big boy, I’m sure he’s fine,” said Lisa trying not to show her concern for her brother.

“Never the less I think I’ll go look for him,” said Lizzy as she grabbed a small pouch and her staff. “While I’m gone one of you should fix dinner since it’s getting to be around that time.” And with that Lizzy set off for the woods, praying that Hawk was where she thought he might be.

As soon as Lizzy left, Lilith said, “Maybe I should go with her. At least this way maybe I could try to talk things out with him.”

“Honestly, I think that would make things worse,” said Lisa. “I have only seen Hawk that angry a handful of times and each time it was Lizzy who was the one to calm him down. We need to at least give her a chance to calm him down without any interference.” As Lisa said that, Lilith could tell that the whole situation made her very uncomfortable.

“Are you honestly okay with Lizzy being the one to comfort him?” asked Lilith. Lilith then stared deep into Lisa’s eyes.

“Of course I am. Hawk’s my brother and I want him to go back to his usual self no matter what it takes or who comforts him.” As Lisa said it, her gaze shifted away from Lilith’s.

“Just for the record, we succubi are pretty good at reading body language and we can use a form of hypnosis to drag out a person’s true thoughts and feelings. I already know you’re lying so why don’t you just tell me the truth already. Seeing Lizzy be the one to comfort Hawk irritates you, doesn’t it?” Lilith kept staring at Lisa with her know-it-all smile. “Admit it, you’re jealous.”

“Your damn right I am!” she screamed as she began to crack under Lilith’s hypnotic gaze. “Ever since we were kids every single damn time Hawk had a problem, he ran to her instead of me. Siblings are supposed to support each other right, so then why the hell doesn’t he trust me to support him?” Tears began forming in the corners of her eyes. “Why is it that she always gets to help him while I have to sit back and watch from the sidelines?”

“Interesting,” said Lilith as she looked Lisa over. “I never would have thought that you felt this way all this time considering how friendly you are with Lizzy and how you always seem to support Hawk's pursuit of her. But I still get the feeling that you’re not saying everything you want to say. It’s just us so there is no need to hold back. Tell me what you’re really feeling. Why do you want to support Hawk so bad?”

“Because I love him,” replied Lisa tears now running down her cheeks.

“Well its natural to love one’s sibling and to want to be the one to support them when there suffering,” said Lilith. “I’m just surprised your this emotional about this. Are you still hiding something?”

Lisa couldn’t bear to look at Lilith any longer nor could she bear to answer any more questions. “The love I feel for my brother is not familial love but romantic love,” she blurted.

Lisa’s revelation shocked Lilith down to her very core. Lilith got up and began pacing, trying to digest what she had just heard. Never in her life had she been at such a loss for words. “I get that humans sometimes marry their relatives or siblings in order to keep a bloodline going but you two are twins! What in the world could you possibly be thinking?”

“Look, it’s not like I want to be in love with my own brother, I just am,” Lisa said, ashamed that she had finally been forced to admit the truth. “I get how disgusting that may seem, which is why I never told anybody. I thought that if I just kept it a secret and encouraged Hawk’s relationship with Lizzy, maybe just maybe I could move on. But now as they’re getting closer, I find it harder and harder not to hate Lizzy for the fact that she is the one Hawk is in love with instead of me.” As Lisa took a few deep breaths to calm herself, she finally came back to her senses. “Please don’t tell anyone about this, especially Hawk.”

“Don’t worry, I won’t say a thing,” said Lilith, still disturbed by Lisa’s revelation. She desperately racked her brain for a change of subject. “Let’s just forget this happened and start cooking dinner.”

###

While Lisa and Lilith were busy preparing dinner, Hawk was sitting in a clearing, miles away from camp. As he lay in the grass looking up at the clouds in the sky, he couldn’t help thinking that maybe he had been a little too harsh with Lilith. “You haven’t changed a bit,” said a voice behind him. Suddenly Lizzy plopped down on the grass beside him.

“How did you find me?” he asked as he sat up.

“I just figured that you’d be here,” said Lizzy. “I mean you always used to come to this place when you were upset about something. Although I guess you haven’t been here since the day your father died.”

“Can we please not talk about that?” said Hawk, not wanting to look at Lizzy. “It brings back too many painful memories.”

“You know that you can’t keep running away from those memories,” said Lizzy sternly. “But I guess I can change the subject for now. Don’t you think you were a little hard on Lilith?”

Hawk looked at Lizzy and asked, “How much do you know about what went down?”

“Not much,” responded Lizzy. “I do know that Lilith stole your clothes and pushed you into the part of the river where Lisa and I were bathing although I don’t know the reason why. I’m sure it was just a prank that got out of hand. I honestly don’t think that what she did warranted you ending your friendship with her and telling her that she was going to get kicked out of the guild.”

“You just don’t get it, do you?” said Hawk angrily. “It’s because you and Lisa go easy on her all the time that she thinks that she can do whatever she wants without consequences. Well I’m sorry to say this but that is not how the real-world works. Lilith needs to learn that her actions have consequences.”

“So, you’re telling me that we should just abandon her all because of some stupid prank?” snapped Lizzy. “What the hell is going on with you? The Hawk I know would never do something like that. Something’s bugging you, isn’t it?” Hawk simply turned his head away, unwilling to answer her question. “Fine. You don’t have to tell me if you don’t want but you shouldn’t take out your frustrations on others.”

Listening to Lizzy’s words, Hawk knew she was right but his pride wouldn’t allow him to admit it. “I still don’t think I was in the wrong when I said what I said.”

Suddenly Lizzy got up off the grass and stood right in front of him. “Get up you sack of shit. You and I are going to settle this with a little sparring match, just like the old days,” she said throwing down a large branch she had picked up in the forest just in case it came down to this.

“I’m not going to fight you,” said Hawk. “I will not apologize as I have done nothing to apologize for.” As he got up, he turned his back and began to walk away. Suddenly he felt a sharp stinging sensation across his back, causing him to fall to the ground. As he turned over he saw that Lizzy was standing behind him with her staff in her hand, readying herself for another attack. Hawk knew that he had no chance of winning against her in this sort of combat. Lizzy was a pro when it came to fighting with staffs, so much so that in the hundred times or so he had gone up against her like this, he had only won once.

Lizzy looked at Hawk and knew exactly what he was thinking. “I bet you’re thinking about the only time you ever beat me when we were sparring with staffs. If I recall correctly it was the spring before your father died. On that particular day, he tried to motivate you by having us make a bet where he set the stakes. If I won, I could make you do anything I wanted for an entire day, but if you won I would have to kiss you on the cheek. All either of us had to do was to pin the other to the ground or get them to admit defeat. Unfortunately, I didn’t take the match serious enough and lost. To make matters worse, when I went to give you your prize, you moved and I ended up kissing you on the lips. You claimed it was an accident, but it was still humiliating to have had my first kiss end like that. So now is my chance to make you pay for that and what you did to Lilith.”

“You’re still angry about that?” asked an amused Hawk. “I can’t say I understand why. As I recall, that kiss was more of a headbutt than anything else.” He watched as Lizzy’s angry expression turned to embarrassment for a few brief seconds. “Fine. I’ll spar with you if we use the same stakes as we did that day. Except this time when I win, you will kiss me on the lips like you mean it.” Hawk picked up the branch and got into his fighting stance. He knew that the only way he would have a chance at winning this would be if he could get Lizzy to lower her guard long enough for him to disarm her.

“Don’t make me laugh,” replied Lizzy. “We both know that despite being the son of a master swordsman like Falcon, you suck at every form of combat besides archery and fist fighting. When you lose I’ll make you forgive Lilith and apologize to her for the things you said.”

“Bring it,” said Hawk as he charged at her and took a swing with his make-shift staff. Of course, this was a huge mistake on his part as it left him wide open for attack. Lizzy was able to easily dodge Hawk’s swing and countered by first hitting him in the gut with the butt of her staff and then using the staff to sweep him off his feet. As Hawk hit the ground, he had a split second to roll to the side, just in time to avoid what would have been a finishing blow from Lizzy as she tried to bring her staff down on his chest. He sprung to his feet. “That was a close one, but you’re going to have to do better than that.” Hawk once again launched himself at Lizzy but this time he kept his guard up, forcing her to go on the defensive.

“You’ve gotten a lot better since the last time we sparred like this,” said Lizzy as she began to retreat from Hawk’s attacks. What she didn’t notice was that he was pushing her towards the top of a large hill where it would be harder for her to escape.

As soon as Hawk had Lizzy where he wanted her, it was time to even the playing field. “Hey Lizzy, I have a question for you. When I win, how much tongue would you like in your kiss?” Lizzy’s face went beat red as she froze up. Sensing her guard was down, Hawk took one final swing and was able to send Lizzy’s staff flying into the air. As it landed behind him, he held the end of his make-shift staff towards Lizzy and said, “It looks like I win.” Suddenly as Lizzy took a step back she lost her footing and went over the edge of the hill. Hawk dropped his staff and dove after her, all the while praying that he could break her fall.

###

While Hawk and Lizzy were beginning their sparring match, Lisa and Lilith were busy finishing up meal preparation. “Dinner is almost ready. Would you mind going to find those two?” Lilith asked Lisa.

“Why are you asking me to do that?” replied Lisa. “This area is huge. They could be anywhere by now.”

“Well does Hawk have a special place he likes to go to when he’s up here?” asked Lilith. “If he does, I bet that he and Lizzy are probably there right now.”

Lisa thought hard for moment before realizing she knew exactly where they might be. “Alright, I’ll go find them.” And with that she took off at full speed in the direction of the clearing where she and her brother would sometimes train with their father when he would bring them out here for training.

###

As Lizzy opened her eyes and lifted her head it took her a moment to digest the fact that not only had she just been disarmed by Hawk but that she had also fallen down a large hill to boot. Suddenly she realized that Hawk was nowhere in sight. “Hawk, where are you?” she screamed becoming worried.

“Mmmfff, mmmff,” came a sound from underneath her. Lizzy looked down and realized that not only was she laying on top of Hawk but that he was suffocating under the weight of her bountiful bosom. As she rolled off him, Hawk shot up and said, “Oh my God. I thought I was going to suffocate down there.”

“I’m so sorry,” said Lizzy as she stood up. Just as she took a step back, she felt both her legs give out on her and she began to fall backwards. Hawk shot to his feet in an attempt to try to grab her before she fell, only to lose his balance as well and fall on top of her. As Lizzy looked up at him she said, “Well I guess you can claim your prize now.”

Hawk blushed in embarrassment as he said, “But technically you pinned me down first meaning that you are the winner.”

“That only happened because you threw yourself underneath me when we fell down the hill so that I wouldn’t get hurt. You won the minute you disarmed me,” replied Lizzy her face becoming just as red as Hawk’s. “Just kiss me already so we can get it over with.” Lizzy closed her eyes and puckered up in anticipation for Hawk to claim his reward.

“If that is what you want,” replied. While this was a big chance for him, Hawk ultimately decided that he would try to hold himself back. He leaned down and gently pressed his lips to hers for a few seconds before pulling himself back. “There. I have claimed my reward.”

Lizzy opened her eyes and stared at him in disbelief. “You call that a kiss? That was pathetic. If you’re going to do it you need to do it right.” Before Hawk could respond, Lizzy grabbed Hawk and pulled him into a passionate kiss. At first Hawk thought about resisting but in the end he found himself unable to pull away. Even though the kiss felt like it was going on for eternity, it really only lasted a few seconds. As Lizzy pulled away, she couldn’t help but stare into Hawk’s gentle eyes.

“Lizzy, there is something that I’ve always wanted to tell you,” confessed Hawk. “I’ve been thinking about it for a long time trying to find the right words to say it and now I think I finally know how.”

“What is it Hawk?” asked Lizzy, her heart beating so wildly that she was afraid that Hawk might actually hear it.

“The truth is…the truth is that…I love…,” but before Hawk could finish his confession, he heard yelling coming from the top of the hill.

“Hey you two, Lilith says that dinner is almost ready and that we should all get back before the food gets cold,” yelled Lisa. In reality, Lisa had just happened to witness the whole kissing exchange and in a fit of jealous rage had decided to intervene before her brother could confess to Lizzy. “Quit playing around you to,” she called, “we really need to get back.”

“Alright,” yelled Hawk as he got off Lizzy. “Why don’t you start making your way back? We’ll be close behind you.” Lisa could tell from the look in Hawk’s eyes and through his body movements that he was mad that his own sister had cockblocked him just as he was finally about to make some progress.

“Okay,” replied Lisa. “But you two better hurry up.” And with that, she turned around and ran off back towards camp, embarrassed that she had let her emotions get the best of her thus ruining a chance for her beloved brother to find some happiness.

As soon as Lisa was gone, Hawk offered to help Lizzy off the ground. “We should probably get going.” Lizzy took Hawk’s hand and as she tried to stand up her legs went out on her again. “What’s wrong?” asked a concerned Hawk.

“I don’t know,” replied Lizzy. “It’s like my legs have turned to butter. I can’t stand up.”

“It must be a side effect from the snake bite,” said Hawk. “Lilith did say that the snake bite wasn’t deadly to us, but I guess she forgot to mention that the snake’s poison still has side effects.” Hawk turned his back to her and leaned down. “Get on my back. I’ll carry you back to camp. As much as I hate to say it, Lilith is probably the only person who knows what to do.”

“Okay,” said Lizzy as she climbed onto his back. Once she was safely on, Hawk stood up and began making his way up the hill. “By the way Hawk, what were you going to say back there before we were interrupted?”

“Um, I was just going to say that I’ve always loved sparring with you and that we should do it more often.” As soon as the words came out of his mouth he knew that he had just cockblocked himself yet again, just as he had done since the day he had fallen in love with her so many years ago.

“Oh,” said Lizzy, trying her best not to sound disappointed. “I love sparring with you too.” The next few moments that followed were of awkward silence. Suddenly Lizzy began squirming a bit. “I know this might seem like a bad time but I really need go,” whined Lizzy.

“Just hold on a second,” said Hawk as he looked for a place to set her down. He eventually found a rotted log and set her down. “Um, I’ll just be over there if you need me,” he said trying to give her some privacy.

“Don’t leave,” said Lizzy as she grabbed the back of Hawk’s shirt. “My legs aren’t strong enough for me to squat and I sure as hell am not going to sit on this log or in the dirt and allow God knows what to climb all over me.” Hawk paused for a moment to think of an alternative. Without warning, he picked up Lizzy and then sat down on the log while simultaneously sitting her on his lap. “What the hell are you doing?” cried an embarrassed Lizzy.

“I’m solving your problem,” replied Hawk, “this way you don’t have to worry about having anything crawl on you.” Realizing that it was the best option available, Lizzy decided to go along with it. As she began to reach for her pants, she noticed that her hands were trembling to the point that she couldn’t get a good grip, likely a result of her snake bite.

In desperation, she asked, “Hawk, my hands are shaking so bad that I can’t pull my pants down. Could you pull them down for me?” Lizzy had never been so embarrassed. However, Hawk did as she asked and pulled down her pants. Luckily for Lizzy, she wasn’t wearing underwear as the ones she had been previously wearing earlier in the day had been soiled and she had not had another pair to put on when she was putting on her clothes following the river incident.

Fearing that she might accidentally pee on Hawk, she decided she would have to have him do something extremely embarrassing. Her hands still shaking she grabbed both of Hawk’s hands and guided them to her pussy. She then essentially told him that if he didn’t want to accidentally get pissed on again that he would need to spread her labia with his fingers to make the stream shoot farther. Hawk did as he was told. Within less than a minute, Lizzy was shooting a golden jet high up into the air. The two watched as it crash-landed almost four feet away from them.

“Wow,” said Hawk at a loss for words. He never knew that it was possible for a girl to piss like that and he couldn’t help but find himself being turned on by the sight. In fact, he didn’t realize that it was causing him to grow stiff until Lizzy asked if he would mind moving his dagger to the side because it was poking her. In his embarrassment, he had to tell her that he didn’t have his dagger on him which made things all the more awkward. As Lizzy finished up she asked Hawk if he had anything she could wipe with.

He fished around in his pocket and pulled out a handkerchief that he often used as sweat rag for his face. Unable to do it herself due to her still shaky hands, Lizzy had Hawk wipe for her. He took his time, gently wiping each drop of urine from her pussy and thighs. Lizzy couldn’t help but moan as Hawk touched her sensitive areas with the cloth. When he was done, he helped her pull her pants back up and without really thinking, shoved the now soiled cloth back into his pants. As he got out from underneath her, he noticed that she was sniffling a little. “Is something wrong?” asked a somewhat oblivious Hawk.

“It’s just that I don’t understand why all these embarrassing situations keep happening to me,” whined Lizzy, just a bit teary eyed. “Why can’t they happen to someone else for a change?” Feeling sorry for her, Hawk began to rack his brain for how he could make things even between them. Suddenly an idea hit him. As Hawk stood next to her, he proceeded to pull down his pants, once again exposing himself in front of her. Lizzy’s face went bright red as she asked him just what he thought he was doing.

Hawk simply looked at her and said, “I’m trying to make us even.” Lizzy gave him a confused look, forcing Hawk to elaborate further. “As I understand it, I have seen you pee on three different occasions today which I understand can be embarrassing for a girl. So, in an attempt to make us even I will now pee in front you. Now watch and be amazed as I perform a trick for you.” And watch Lizzy did as Hawk began peeing his name into the dirt.

“That’s amazing,” said a slightly excited Lizzy. “Guys are so lucky. Do you think that maybe I could try it too?”

“I don’t see why not,” he said, “I mean I’ve never seen a girl do it before but I’m sure it can be done.” Without warning, Lizzy grabbed hold of Hawk’s dick, her hands still shaking. The shock of the action almost caused Hawk to lose control, forcing him to pinch off his stream. “When you asked when you could try it I didn’t think that that was what you meant!”

Lizzy’s face couldn’t get any redder. “I’m so sorry. I should have been clearer with what I meant. I’ll let go now.”

Before she could let go Hawk said, “Don’t bother. If you really want to try it, they I guess I wouldn’t mind lending my equipment to you. However, you must promise to be gentle.” Lizzy nodded, her eyes glowing with excitement. Hawk then wrapped his hand around her trembling hand and helped guide her in the art of piss writing. Luckily, he had just enough piss left to write Lizzy’s full name, Elizabeth. As the last couple drops fell, he released his hand and told her she could let go.

As Lizzy prepared herself to let go, she realized that her hand had locked up to the point that she could no longer remove her hand from Hawk’s dick. “My hand’s locked up, hold on a second while I try to get it free.” She then proceeded to try pulling her hand off. That mixed with the fact that her hand wouldn’t stop shaking began to cause a reaction in Hawk’s groin. Realizing what was about to happen, Hawk screamed at her to stop as he desperately tried to get free her hand from his dick. Without thinking he turned towards her, the quick jerking motion being enough to free Lizzy’s hand from his dick. But it was too late. He watched in horror as his dick erupted, splashing its contents all over Lizzy’s face and shirt, some of it even landing in her mouth.

“Oh my God, I’m so sorry,” said Hawk as he pulled up his pants, “you gotta believe me when I say that that was a total accident.”

“Don’t worry about it,” said Lizzy, gagging a little on the bitter after-taste. “Let’s just consider ourselves even for accidentally peeing in your face earlier today. Now can we please get me cleaned up. It’s starting to smell.” Hawk nodded his head as Lizzy instructed him to pull out the canteen from her pouch and use it to help get her cleaned up. As Hawk went to remove Lizzy’s shirt, she suddenly remembered that in her haste to get dressed down at the river that she had forgotten to put her bra back on. “Hold up,” she screamed. “You can’t take my shirt off, I’m not wearing anything underneath.”

Suddenly Hawk took his shirt off laid it down on the log beside her and closed his eyes. “I’ll keep my eyes closed as I take off your shirt. After it’s off, place my shirt over your chest and then tell me to open my eyes.” Lizzy did as he said. Once Hawk was able to open his eyes, he grabbed Lizzy’s soiled shirt and used the clean part of the shirt along with the water from the canteen to clean her face. When he was done, he closed his eyes and helped her put on his shirt.

“I can still taste it,” complained Lizzy after everything was said and done. Hawk looked around and found a bush with edible berries. Grabbing a handful of berries, he walked back and tried to hand them to her. “Thanks, but no thanks. You know that I’ve always hated the taste of those things, even when we were kids.”

“Come on Lizzy,” said Hawk, “if you go back to camp with your breath smelling like that, Lilith will surely notice and make a big scene about it.”

“I don’t care,” responded Lizzy. “I’d rather that happen then be forced to eat those disgusting things.”

Now Hawk was getting annoyed. “Fine. You give me no choice.” Hawk flung the berries into his mouth and began chewing to get the juices flowing. He then grabbed both Lizzy’s arms so she couldn’t fight back.

“Don’t you even think about…,” but it was too late. By opening her mouth to speak, it made it easier for Hawk to forcibly kiss her thereby delivering the berry juice into her mouth. Hawk made sure to take his time with the kiss so that Lizzy would have no other choice but to swallow the juice. Once he was sure she had swallowed, he stopped. The moment he let her go she slapped him. “You’re an ass,” she said, her face a shade of red that Hawk had never seen before.

“Admit it, you liked it,” he teased trying to lighten the mood.

“Let’s just go. I’m sure they’re starting to get worried,” replied Lilith, trying her best to ignore him. Although in reality she had actually enjoyed it a little but was too embarrassed to tell him that. Hawk leaned down allowing her to get back on his back and within seconds they were off once more, both trying to contemplate the events of the past hour.

*015*2018-02-06 08:42

Part 3.5

Author’s Note: The majority of this story takes place two years prior to the events of the main story and focuses on a dark incident of Elizabeth’s past that would ultimately shape who she is today.

As Hawk was carrying Lizzy on his back, he couldn’t help but remember the conversation he had had with Lisa and Lilith earlier that day about confessing his true feelings to Lizzy. The reason he gave was that she had a fiancé, but in truth what he had said was a lie, or at least part of it was. The reality of the situation was that she had turned down every proposal of marriage from the candidates that her parents had tried to set her up with. While it wasn’t that some of the marriage candidates weren’t decent guys, it was that Lizzy was still too traumatized by an event from her past to even think about trusting any man other than Hawk. It was because of this knowledge that Hawk had kept himself from confessing to her as he did not want force her into something that she wasn’t ready for. However, he also knew that her trauma was eating away at her and that if he wanted to help her, he would have to help her face it.

“Hey Lizzy, do you mind if I ask you something personal?” asked Hawk.

“As long as I don’t have to answer it if I don’t want to, then sure,” replied a curious Lizzy.

“Well, it’s just that I was wondering if you’ve given any thought to meeting with any of those guys your parents have been trying to set you up with?” asked Hawk. No response came. “The only reason I ask is that I’m worried that your distrust of men is going to create issues for you.”

“You shouldn’t ask questions you already know the answer to,” said Lizzy, a hint of irritation and sadness in her voice. “Considering what happened to me, how could I possibly trust any man other than you?” Hawk could feel Lizzy’s body tense up but he knew that he would need to push her a bit further.

“The only reason I’m asking is because there may come a day where we might be separated and I would hate for you to not be able to trust men and potentially isolate yourself as a result.” As soon as he said it, Hawk felt Lizzy’s body stiffen more and he could feel her nails digging into his bare back.

“Don’t say things like that!” cried Lizzy, now trembling uncontrollably. “Are you intending to go off somewhere and not come back?”

“Of course not,” said Hawk as calmly as he could. “I’m just afraid that your using what happened in the past as an excuse to stay away from people.”

“So what if I am?” said an angry Lizzy. “You would be to if it happened to you. Now can we please drop the subject, I don’t want to talk about it anymore.”

“As you wish,” said Hawk. As they continued their journey back to camp, both of them couldn’t help but think about the past and what had caused Lizzy to develop her fear of men.

###

Lizzy was the daughter of wealthy merchants who owned one of the biggest trading companies in the kingdom. As their only daughter, she was the sole heir to the company and from an early age had been taught the skills necessary to be a successful merchant. Growing up, all she had ever wanted was to be a normal kid. However, because of who her family was, all of the other children in town steered clear of her, save for a lone human boy. Where others avoided her, Hawk made it a point to include her in every fun activity he could think of from playing knights to exploring the forest just outside of town.

However, when Hawk turned ten and was to officially begin his training to become a knight, Lizzy became distraught at the possibility of losing the only friend she had. Thus, she decided that she too would train beside Hawk. While initially her goal was to spend more time with Hawk, she wound up having a knack for certain aspects of a knight’s training and decided she would become one herself. Of course, her parents were against the idea of letting their only daughter take part in such a dangerous occupation, but after some convincing from her teacher, Falcon, they decided that they would let her have her way for the time being. All the while, her parents thought that the training would be too difficult for her and that she would quit on her own. They were wrong.

As the years passed, Lizzy became stronger and stronger. By the time she was eighteen, she had passed the Knight’s Exam and became a member of their ranks. Her parents should have been proud, but they were furious. All their hopes for having her take over the family business were dashed in an instant. At least that was how it seemed until they found a loop hole. As it turned out, there was a rule among elven female knights where if one were to marry and have children, then they would be released from their knighthood to care for their families. With this knowledge, all her parents had to do was get her to settle down and all would be right in the perfect little world they had always dreamed of having. Thus, the search for marriage candidates began.

It wasn’t until Lizzy turned twenty that her parents found their first perspective match. The man they intended to have their daughter marry was also an elven knight who happened to be the son of another large trading company operating in the same kingdom. While Lizzy had met him a couple of times before and seemed to get along with him, she was completely unaware of the trauma that was soon to befall her.

###

It was a sunny day in the town of Solaris, home of Hawk, Lizzy, and Lisa. Hawk and Lisa were busy helping their new guildmate Lilith move into her new house on a hill on the outskirts of town. Lilith had finally passed the Knight’s Exam on her third try and had used the gold awarded to her to buy a house in the same town as the man who had offered her a place in his guild two years earlier (see Part 2.5). Shortly after finishing up moving the few belongings that Lilith owned into her new place, Lilith decided to show them her special room in the house. In the basement of the house was a decent sized alchemy room stocked with various ingredients and equipment to make potions and other magical items.

“Quite an impressive spread you got here,” said Lisa as she looked around at all the neat stuff that Lilith had collected.

“This is nothing compared to what a true alchemist has,” replied Lilith.

“Hey, what’s this?” asked Hawk, fiddling with a bottle of purplish liquid in a vial.

“Be careful with that!” cried Lilith as she snatched the vial from Hawk’s hands and gently placed it on the table. “This potion is very unstable. One wrong move and there is no telling what could happen.”

Before Hawk could respond, someone yelled from the top of the basement stairs, “Is anybody home?” It was Lizzy.

“Yeah, we’re down here. Come join us,” answered Lilith. As all three turned around, they were all shocked to see Lizzy in one of her finer dresses. “What’s the occasion? Got a date or something?” asked Lilith.

“Yes,” replied Lizzy. “My parents are forcing me to go on a date with some marriage candidate they picked out for me. His name is Edward and he is the son of a merchant. He just became a knight during this year’s exam.”

“Is he cute?” asked an interested Lisa.

“Well he’s not bad looking, but I don’t know if I would go so far as to call him cute,” said a slightly blushing Lizzy. As she said it, Hawk couldn’t help but feel a hint of jealousy bubble up inside of him. He had had a crush on her since they were kids and the thought of her going out with another man didn’t sit well with him. Suddenly it hit him that the name sounded familiar.

“I don’t think you should go out with this guy,” said Hawk. “If he’s who I think he is, he’s bad news.” Lizzy and Lisa looked at him as though he had just said something crazy.

“What are you talking about?” asked a confused Lizzy.

“Well, the thing is that I’ve heard rumors about him being a rich snob who only gained knighthood because of his parents’ influence. I’ve also heard that he is a known womanizer,” said Hawk.

“You should be ashamed of yourself,” scolded Lizzy. “It’s not right to judge someone based off rumors before you have a chance to get to know that person first hand.”

“She’s right. Rumors lie,” said Lisa. “You can’t believe everything you hear.” As the two girls ganged up on him, Hawk took a step back, unwittingly bumping the table with the potion. Suddenly the vile smashed on the floor, releasing an explosion of purple gas that engulfed the entire basement

###

As Hawk came to, he realized that he was lying on the basement floor and that his chest felt slightly heavy. As he sat up, he placed his hands on his chest. The moment he did, he felt a strange tingling sensation as a moan escaped his mouth, only it didn’t sound normal. “What the hell?” said Hawk, only then realizing that it wasn’t his voice speaking the words. In a panic, he jolted up the basement stairs to find the nearest mirror. As he stared into it, he realized that the reflection staring back at him was not his own, but Lilith’s instead. “Oh my god! What the hell is going on?” screamed a bewildered Hawk. It was then he noticed his body’s reflection in the mirror. He spun around and said, “Who are you and what did you do to my body?”

“Hawk, don’t freak out, it’s me, Lizzy. I’m just as freaked out as you are,” said the person controlling his body. Lizzy turned around just as the other two came up the steps.

“Let’s all calm down,” said the person controlling Lisa’s body. “It would appear that the potion has caused us to temporarily switch bodies. From what I can gather, Hawk is in my body, Lizzy is in Hawk’s body, Lisa is in Lizzy’s body, and I’m in Lisa’s body.”

“What are we going to do?” whined Lizzy in Hawk’s voice. “I’m supposed to be meeting Edward in a little more than an hour. There is no way I can go looking like this. You have to change us back.”

“No can do,” said Lilith. “I don’t have the ingredients to make another potion. Plus, the potion was just an experiment. There is no way of knowing what could happen if we made another one to fix the effects of the first one.”

“So, were just supposed to stay like this?” asked a slightly irritated Hawk.

“Don’t worry,” said Lilith calmly. “I intentionally made the potion as weak as I could in case something like this happened. The effects should only last for the next few hours. We should be back in our own bodies hopefully by sunset if not sooner so until then we will just have to make do.” Lilith turned to Lisa who was now in Lizzy’s body. “You’ll have to go on the date and act as Lizzy. Do you think you can do that?”

Hawk began to laugh. “Lisa is so unladylike that there is no way she can pull off acting like Lizzy without someone noticing something’s up.” An irritated Lisa walked over to Lilith’s body and slugged it in the right boob. “DAMMIT!” screamed Hawk, “That really hurt.”

“Serves you right,” taunted Lisa. She then turned to the other two. “Hawk is right though. There is no way that I can pull something like this off.”

“Don’t worry,” said Lizzy. “We still have an hour. If you listen carefully we should just be able to pull this off.” And so, for the next hour, Lizzy did her best to educate Lisa on how to act like her, but to little avail.

“There’s no way I’m going to remember all of this,” whined Lisa, her temple throbbing from all the information she was trying to digest.

“It’s a good thing I have a backup plan,” said Lilith as she came back from cleaning the mess in the basement. “Hawk, I’m going to need you to come over here and do exactly as I say.” As Hawk walked over to her, Lilith explained a spell that would temporarily allow the four of them to speak telepathically. Since Hawk was now in her body, he would have to perform the spell instead. With her instruction as a guide, Hawk was just barely able to perform the spell. “Now that the spell is operational, Lizzy should be able to tell Lisa how to act like her while the date is going on. The only problem is that we will need to find a place to monitor the date without drawing suspicion.”

“That should be easy,” said Lizzy. “The date is taking place at the guild hall in the center of town. Nobody would think twice about a group of knights sitting around there.” Thus, the plan was made and the group made their way to the guild hall.

###

As the group walked in, they noticed a handsome elf sitting by himself in the back corner of the guild hall. Lisa knew right away that the man was Edward. She proceeded to leave the others and walked over to the table. “Miss Elizabeth, it is so good to see you,” said Edward with a charming smile. He stood up and pulled out a chair for her. “Please have a seat and order whatever you like.”

“That’s very kind of you,” said Lisa, still in Lizzy’s body as she sat down. Like a true gentleman, Edward pushed her chair in. Lisa couldn’t help but blush as no man had ever treated her so politely when she was in her usual body.

“I know we’ve only met a couple of times before which is why I would like to take this time to learn more about you,” said Edward. And so, Lisa began telling Edward about Lizzy’s life as Lizzy fed her information through their telepathic link. As she and Edward talked, they began downing a couple of drinks. Soon enough Lisa began to feel the call of nature. The moment she tried to get up to excuse herself, she realized just how much of a lightweight Lizzy was when it came to alcohol. She took a few steps forward and lost her balance. Luckily Edward caught her before she could fall on her face. “Are you all right?” asked Edward, his face full of concern. He gently helped her to her seat.

“I’m fine,” said Lisa, her face now flushed with embarrassment. “I guess I drank a little too much.” By this point she was squirming in desperation.

Edward noticed this and with a soft and caring smile asked, “Do you need to use the ladies room?”

“Yes,” muttered an embarrassed Lisa. She was just now starting to realize in addition to being a lightweight when it came to drinking, Lizzy also had a very small bladder. In an instant Lisa knew that there was no way that she would be able to get up and make it safely to a bathroom without having an accident. “I don’t think I can make it though.”

Expecting for Edward to be totally grossed out by her confession, Lisa was pleasantly surprised when he said, “Don’t worry, I have an idea.” He proceeded to push her chair in so that it was now covered by the tablecloth. He then grabbed his mug of ale which was still about half full and chugged it down. Handing the mug to her, he told her to place it between her legs under the table and use it to relieve herself.

“I can’t do that,” said Lisa, no longer able to meet his eyes. “People might hear.”

Edward looked around before saying, “There’s no one around us. But if you’re still concerned, I will drown out any sound you make by talking or humming.”

Lisa looked into his eyes and knew he was telling the truth. “Alright,” she said. All the while, a voice that sounded like Lizzy’s was screaming in her head not to even think about doing it. Disregarding the telepathic voice, Lisa placed the empty mug under the table and lifted up Lizzy’s dress just enough so that she could place the mug where it needed to be. Trying to be as discrete as she could, she pulled Lizzy’s panties to the side and placed the mug in position. As soon as she had the mug in place, she let the golden stream loose into the mug. A look of pure relief washed over her face. Suddenly she realized that stream was stronger than she anticipated and that it was now making a loud sloshing noise as it hit the glass. But true to his word, Edward began talking loud enough to cover the sound of her piss. About a minute into her glorious release, Lisa realized that one mug wouldn’t be enough. “Oh no,” whispered Lisa. “The mug is almost full.”

“I got this,” said Edward as he flew into action. Thinking quickly, he grabbed Lisa’s mug which still had a little bit of ale in it and polished it off. He then grabbed the silverware on the table and dropped it underneath the table so that he would have an excuse if anybody asked why he was under the table. As he went underneath the table cover, he noticed that the mug was almost full.

“Pinch off your stream,” said Edward. As she did, Edward grabbed the piss filled mug and gave her the empty one before coming out from underneath the table with the dropped silverware and the piss-filled mug. Luckily the piss was similar in color to one of the lighter ales served at the guild hall. It would be another minute before Lisa finished. By the time she was done, there were two nearly full mugs of piss on the table. “Here,” said Edward as he handed her a handkerchief. “And don’t worry, I won’t tell anyone about this.” He then grabbed the two mugs and walked over to a window. When he was sure no one was looking, he quickly dumped the contents outside and walked back to the table.

“Thank you,” said a blushing Lisa. “Not a lot of guys would be so understanding of this situation.”

“Well, I’m not like a lot of other guys,” said Edward chuckling. And with that, they continued where they left off.

###

Meanwhile at a table not so far away, Lilith and Hawk were doing their best to restrain Lizzy, still in Hawk’s body, so that she would not blow their cover. “How could she do something so embarrassing in my body,” cried an angry Lizzy.

“Relax,” said Lilith. “Everything worked out alright. In fact, he doesn’t seem phased by that at all. If you ask me, he seems like a keeper.”

“I hate to say it but it looks like the rumors about him were just that,” said Hawk, now ashamed at how he could’ve judged the guy so harshly without ever having met him. “I think Lisa’s got this under control. Let’s head back to the house and wait for her.”

Realizing that Hawk was probably right Lizzy replied begrudgingly, “Fine.” And with that the three left the guild hall and began making their way back to Lilith’s house.

“Let’s go through the forest,” said Lilith as they walked. “It’s the shortest route to my house.” As they did, Lizzy began to feel a bit uncomfortable. She could feel the throbbing of the crotch on Hawk’s body and knew that the time she had been most dreading had now come.

“I know this is probably the worst time for this but I really need to twinkle,” said Lizzy as she moved Hawk’s body in desperation. Even Hawk was now blushing as he heard the word “twinkle” come out of his manly voice. But unfortunately, there was no helping it. If his body had to go it had to go.

“Alright,” said Hawk. “Let’s duck behind the trees over there so we can get this over with. Just please never say the word “twinkle” while in my body ever again.” Lizzy did as she was told and she and Hawk walked behind the trees. It was then that Hawk noticed that Lilith had followed them. “And just what do you think you’re doing? This doesn’t involve you so would you please mind waiting on the other side of the trees.”

Lilith merely looked at him and laughed. “You’re crazy if you think I’m going to miss this. Here’s the deal. Either you let me watch or you can watch as the little princess wets herself in your body. You’re choice.”

“Fine,” said Hawk, knowing that there was no way that he could win in this situation. “Just don’t try anything stupid.” Hawk then turned his attention to Lizzy. “The first thing you’re going to need to do is pull down my pants. On the plus side I’m not wearing underwear today so you won’t have to deal with that. Once my pants our down, you’ll need to grab my equipment, aim at the tree, and release.”

“Alright,” said Lizzy as she pulled the pants down to the ground. As she did this, she saw the penis for the first time and out of shame covered her eyes. The thought of touching Hawk’s equipment was too much for her ladylike sensibilities. “I can’t do this. Someone is going to need to do it for me.”

“I’ll do it,” said Lilith as she eagerly approached Hawk’s body and reached out her hand to grab Hawk’s equipment.

“Don’t you even think about it you damn demon,” said Hawk as he knocked her hand away. “If anybody should be doing this, it should be me, after all it is my body.”

“Alright,” said Lilith smiling as she backed off. “It’s all yours.”

Hawk looked at her with distrust as he grabbed the penis and prepared to aim it. “You’re being surprisingly reasonable about this. What’s your end game?”

“Isn’t it obvious,” smirked Lilith. “Just seeing you use my body to touch your penis is more than enough for me.”

Hawk blushed with embarrassment, but decided not to give her the satisfaction of a response. He turned his attention back to Lizzy. “I have it in position. Now all you have to do is let go.” A few second passed by before the first few drops hit the ground then gradually became a full-on stream. By this point, Lizzy had removed her hands from her eyes and was watching with pure fascination as the yellow stream stuck the bark of the tree, turning the bark a darker shade of brown.

As she was watching this, she couldn’t help but feel like she had missed a great opportunity but she was way too embarrassed to ask Hawk if she could take over so she watched on in silence. When the stream finally died out, Hawk shook the last few drops all the while noticing that Lilith seemed to be getting turned on by watching the scene play out. As Hawk stood up, he felt the call of nature too. He looked at Lilith and with a wicked smile said, “Now it would seem that I have to go. It’s pack back time.” He watched in amusement as Lilith averted her gaze and he reveled in the satisfaction that he could now get back at her for all the times she had embarrassed him since inducting her into the guild.

“Well the joke’s on you,” said Lilith her voice slightly trembling. “Since this is your first time in a girl’s body, there is no way you would know how to piss like a girl. Furthermore, I don’t care if you piss yourself in my body because there is no way that I’m teaching you how to do it.”

“You don’t need to teach me,” said Hawk as he hiked up Lilith’s skirt and removed her panties. “When I was little my sister used to make me accompany her every time she had to go to the bathroom while we were playing the woods. I learned exactly all I need to know from watching her.” Hawk proceeded to squat down in Lilith’s body and within seconds he shot a golden arc up into the air and watched in amusement as it landed a couple feet away. “Aww, sweet relief,” teased Hawk. He looked at Lilith who was now red with embarrassment and decided to push her a bit further. “Despite having seen you naked that one time you played that trick on me, I’ve never actually gotten a good look at you. This is my chance to see if your long silvery white hair is the real deal.”

“Don’t you dare,” said Lilith, but she was too late. Hawk had moved his head down and saw small white hairs above the crotch. In retaliation Lilith walked over to Hawk and yanked down Lisa’s pants and squatted down next to her own body. “Well I guess you wouldn’t mind if I did this then.” Suddenly, Lilith used her fingers to spread the labia on Lisa’s body and began swaying, spreading a torrent of piss everywhere.

“Big deal. There isn’t a part of my sister that I haven’t already seen,” replied Hawk although he was partially lying. While it was true that he had seen his sister naked before, the truth was that he had only seen her naked before puberty struck, so seeing his sister’s brownish red pubic hairs was new to him.

“Just stop already,” cried Lizzy. “You’re both acting like children.” Realizing that she was right, both Hawk and Lilith stopped and apologized. As they finished up, they noticed that the sun was beginning to set. Suddenly all three felt light-headed and collapsed to the ground.

###

While the piss adventure was occurring in the woods on the other side of town, Lisa and Edward were just finishing up the at the guild hall. It was starting to get late and Edward had offered to help her home as she was still a little wobbly. As they left the guildhall Edward said, “Why don’t we take this alleyway, it’s the quickest way to get back to your house.”

“Alright,” said Lisa, not thinking clearly. As they began to move down the alleyway she found it more and more difficult to walk upright. “Can we stop for a minute? I need a second to gather myself.”

Without warning Edward pinned her to the wall of one of the buildings. “That’s fine with me,” he said, his tone becoming darker. “While we’re here we might as well have a little bit of fun.” Before she had time to react, Edward reached underneath her dress and began fondling her while kissing the side of her neck.

“Stop!” cried Lisa.

“Oh, come on, I’m just having a little bit of fun,” said Edward. “Just relax and let it happen. By the time I’m done you’ll be screaming for more.”

“I said stop!” screamed Lisa as she managed to jam her knee into Edward’s crotch. She watched as he crumpled to the ground. Still feeling buzzed, she ran off down the alley trying to put as much distance between them as she could, all the while calling out frantically using the telepathic spell placed on her earlier. Unfortunately, she was out of range of her friends. Her only hope now would be to make it to a crowded place.

As she ran she could her a man scream, “GET BACK HERE YOU BITCH!” What seemed like an eternity passed before the body she was in began to feel too heavy to move. With great horror, she realized that she was beginning to lose consciousness. As she blacked out, all she could do was pray that she had gotten far enough away from Edward.

###

Lisa suddenly jolted up and as she looked around she noticed that she was no longer in the alleyway but in the forest instead. As she looked around, she noticed that the Hawk and Lilith were just waking up. Lisa ran over to Hawk, her body still feeling weak from the potion wearing off and screamed, “Hawk, Lizzy’s in big trouble. Edward is trying to assault her. I tried to get her body as far away from him as I could but I collapsed before I could find help. You have to help her.”

As Hawk heard the news, he grabbed hold of Lisa’s shoulders and said, “Where were you when you collapsed in Lizzy’s body?”

“In the alleyway behind the guild hall. You need to hurry there isn’t much time.” Tears were streaming down her face as Lisa blamed herself for not getting Lizzy to safety. Lisa watched as Hawk tore through the trees like a bat out of hell.

“Come on,” said Lilith as she helped Lisa to her feet. “We have to get moving.”

###

As Lizzy opened her eyes, she was horrified to see that a deranged Edward was now on top of her, pinning her to the ground. “I finally found you, you little bitch,” he said. As Lizzy struggled to get out from underneath him, Edward slapped her hard across the cheek, splitting the side of her lip in the process. He then forcibly squeezed her face in his hands and said, “I don’t want to hurt you anymore than I have to. Now just be a good girl and stay still. Who knows, maybe you’ll enjoy it.”

“Why are you doing this?” asked a fearful Lizzy. “I thought you were one of the good guys.”

Edward looked at her and laughed. “This little façade was all a part of my plan to get you to fall for me. Once that happened all you had to do was marry me so that I could inherit your parents’ trading company at which point I would’ve become richer than my wildest dreams. But like a stupid bitch you rejected my advances. Look, I’m used to getting what I want and I will get what I want either the easy way or the hard way. You make the call.” Lizzy lifted her head up and spat in his face. Edward used his sleeve to wipe off the bloody spit. “The hard way it is then.”

As Edward began taking his belt off Lizzy began screaming, “SOMEBODY PLEASE HELP ME!”

Suddenly Edward wrapped his belt around Lizzy’s neck choking off her ability to speak. “SHUT UP! No one is coming to save you.” Edward then proceeded to rip open the top of Lizzy’s dress and with his free hand began fondling one of Lizzy’s breasts. By this point Lizzy had realized that nobody was coming to save her, and finally she stopped struggling. As she tearfully closed her eyes and waited for it to be over, the sounds of boots slamming the ground filled the alleyway.

“GET OFF HER YOU BASTARD!” yelled a familiar voice. Lizzy opened her eyes just in time to see Hawk tackle Edward and throw him to the ground. Hawk then proceeded to get on top of Edward and began pummeling him with his fists. As Lizzy sat up she was in a state of shock. She watched Hawk lay into Edward as though she were watching through someone else’s eyes.

“HAWK STOP!” screamed a female voice coming down the alley. It was Lisa. “Stop or you’re going to kill him.” But Hawk kept punching a now nearly unconscious Edward. As Lisa moved to pry Hawk off of him, somebody came from behind and grabbed her in a chokehold.

“I wouldn’t do that if I were you,” said Lilith, using all her strength to hold Lisa back.

“Let me go!” cried Lisa as she tried to get out of the chokehold, only to have Lilith squeeze tighter. “We need to stop Hawk now or he’s going to kill him.” As she tried to turn her head around to look Lilith in the eye, she noticed that Lilith’s once emerald green eyes were now a dark ruby red.

“So what?” said Lilith coldly. “This world is filled with scum who think that they can do anything they want because they have money and power. If I had to guess, this guy has done it before and if he goes free he’ll just do it to some other girl. He deserves to die.”

“What are you saying?” asked a scared and confused Lisa. “He may be a scumbag but killing him isn’t justice.”

“Lisa, Lisa, Lisa,” replied Lilith in a condescending tone. “You are so naïve to the ways of the world. There are all kinds of justice in this world. And now it is time for Hawk to make a choice as to how he wants to serve it. No one else can make the decision for him.” Realizing that there was nothing more she could do, Lisa stopped struggling and watched in horror as her brother continued to beat the man.

“Please have mercy,” begged a bloody Edward, each punch bringing him closer and closer to death. Ironically, it was his plea for mercy that snapped Lizzy out of her trance. Without hesitation, Lizzy flung her body around Hawk’s back.

“THAT’S ENOUGH!” she screamed as she cried into the back of Hawk’s shirt. “He’s had enough.” Lizzy’s words brought Hawk back to his senses. As he stopped his next punch, he looked down at his fists that were now stained with blood. He then looked at Edward whose face was now covered in blood and completely swollen. Hawk got off of him and moved over to the side of the alleyway. He then threw up in shock of almost having savagely killed a man with his bare hands. Once he regained his composure, he proceeded to take his shirt off and draped it around Lizzy’s torn dress.

“Let’s go home,” he said as he helped her to her feet. He then turned to Lisa who was no longer in Lilith’s headlock. “You two should take this piece of trash and turn him over to the proper authorities. Make sure they know everything that happened.” With that he guided Lizzy out of the alleyway, leaving the rest to Lisa and Lilith.

“Interesting,” said Lilith as she watched Hawk leave, her eyes back to their normal color. “He did exactly as I thought he would do.”

“Wait, a second,” said Lisa. “You knew all along that he wasn’t going to kill Edward?”

“Not at all,” said Lilith. “I merely thought that he wouldn’t kill him and I was right.”

“And what would you have done if he had continued?” asked Lisa, afraid to know the answer.

“Absolutely nothing,” replied Lilith as she grabbed Edward’s belt which was now lying on the ground and used it to bound his hands. “Everything I said before was true. There are all different kinds of justice in this world and that it is up to Hawk to figure out which path he wants to take. Regardless of which path he chooses I will stand by his side. What will you do?”

As Lisa helped Lilith get Edward to his feet she said, “I honestly don’t know.” And with that they began making the twenty-mile trek to the next town over where they would turn Edward into the authorities who specialized in dealing with rogue knights.

###

As Hawk and Lizzy walked through the now darkened streets of Solaris, Hawk couldn’t help but think about what could have happened had he not made it in time. His thoughts were interrupted by Lizzy’s words. “Hey Hawk, I don’t want to go home tonight. Can I stay at your place?”

“Sure,” said Hawk as he escorted her to his home. Both he and his sister had decided to pool their money to buy a large house with plenty of open space just outside of town. As they entered the house, Hawk had Lizzy sit down in the kitchen while he grabbed a pair of his clothes for her to change into seeing as Lisa’s would be way too small. While Lizzy was changing, Hawk went into another room to grab some bandages and a wet cloth for his hands. He then went back to the kitchen and sat down at the table, where he began treating his hands.

“Please let me do that,” said Lizzy as she grabbed the wet cloth from Hawk’s hands and began wiping the blood away. She then proceeded to carefully bandage each hand. Once they were completely bandaged, she them between hands and began to cry. “I’m so sorry. If I had just listened to you then this never would have happened.”

Using his bandaged right hand, he gently wiped the tears from her eyes and said, “Don’t blame yourself. There is no way you could have known that this would happen. I’m just happy your safe. Now it’s been a long day, why don’t you go sleep in Lisa’s room. I’m sure she won’t be back until tomorrow anyway.” Lizzy nodded her head and went off to Lisa’s room. As soon as she was gone, Hawk began to stare at his now bandaged hands. “What the hell was I going to do if she hadn’t stopped me?” he asked himself, already knowing the dark truth. Realizing that it wouldn’t do him any good dwelling on it, he went to his own room, changed his clothes and went to sleep.

During the middle of the night, the sound of the wood floor creaking stirred him from his slumber. He then felt something heavy on his abdomen. As he opened his eyes he saw Lizzy sitting on top of him wearing nothing but her underwear. “Hawk I have a favor to ask,” said Lizzy.

“What is it?” asked Hawk.

“I want you to take me right here right now. Make a woman out of me.”

“Do you even know what you’re asking?” asked a shocked Hawk as he sat up as much as he could. “Sex is something that you can’t take back.”

“I know that,” said Lizzy.

“Then why are you asking me to do something like that? And don’t lie to me”

“If you want to know the truth I’ll tell you. It is tradition among my people that female elves are bound to the man they first have sex with. If I am no longer pure, my parents can no longer force me to marry scum like that man. Please, you’re the only man I can trust to set me free.”

Hawk shot up and grabbed Lizzy in a tight embrace. “I’m sorry but that is one favor I cannot grant. You’re not yourself right now. You’re not in the right mind to be making big decisions like this.”

“So you don’t want to make love to me?” asked a teary eyed Lizzy.

“It’s not that I don’t want to, it’s that it wouldn’t be right,” said Hawk. “The first time is a special thing that should be done out of love, not for the reason that you’re trying to give me. Look if you still want to do it in a couple of years and it’s for the right reason then I might consider it, but I won’t take advantage of a friend when she’s clearly hurting.”

As Lizzy heard Hawk’s words she began to cry harder than she had ever cried before. “I just don’t know what I’m supposed to do,” she sobbed. “It feels like my world is falling apart in front of me and that I’m all alone.”

“You’re not alone,” said Hawk as he squeezed her tighter. “I’m here and I’ll always be here no matter what. And should your world fall apart, I’ll be there to help you pick up the pieces. You’ll never be alone.” Hawk pulled back the covers and allowed her to crawl underneath them. As she did, he wrapped his arms around her, and in the quite of that dark room, Lizzy fell asleep feeling safer than she had ever felt before.

###

Sometime later, it was reported that Edward had committed suicide in a jail specially made for knights. Of course, Hawk knew better than to believe that. He suspected that Lizzy’s father had found out about what Edward had done and had him killed. Because the death was allegedly a suicide, many people believed rightly so that he was guilty of his crime which in turn caused the downfall of his parent’s company. And of course, all business contracts that were made with that company moved over to Lizzy’s parents’ company. What was worse was that Hawk suspected that this had been Lizzy’s father’s plan when he first introduced his daughter to Edward. If this were true, Lizzy had merely been used as means to end to get rid of a rival. Hawk didn’t want to believe this but deep down he knew it was true. But even thinking all this, he decided that Lizzy would be better off not knowing about the things her father might have done, at least for now.

As Hawk continued to walk back to camp with Lizzy on his back, all he could think about was that he would do anything to protect her so that he would never have to see her cry like that ever again.

“Hey Hawk,” said Lizzy.

“Yeah,” replied Hawk.

“Promise you’ll never leave my side. Promise me that if my world falls apart that you’ll be there to help pick up the pieces,” said Lizzy her voice slightly choked up.

“I promise,” said Hawk. As he said it, he thought to himself: I’ll protect you no matter what it is that I have to do or have to become in the process.

Part 4 Coming Soon
