A Knight and Her Problems-an original fiction

Author: Char242

*000*2018-01-29 03:36

Author’s note: This story takes place in a medieval fantasy world. I wrote this for another pee site and am now testing to see if it is a good fit for this site as well. Thus far i have written three chapters for the main story and two chapters of side story. I am posting the first part now and will potentially post the rest at a later date based on reactions to the first part.

Part 1

The tale begins with four knights camping out in a mountainous region for training purposes. The first knight and the main heroine of this story was named Elizabeth, though those closest to her called her Lizzy. She was an elven knight standing at roughly 5’10”, which was on the small side for a full-grown elf. While not as muscular as other female knights, she was still adept at hand to hand combat and an expert at using weapons like staffs and spears. The second knight was a female human by the name of Lisanna, but most people called her Lisa. She stood at roughly five feet tall and had a somewhat muscular frame. While not especially adept with weapons, she could easily hold her own against a man twice her size in hand to hand combat.

The third knight was a male human who went by the name Hawk. He was Lisa’s younger twin brother and he towered over her at roughly six feet tall. While his birth name was not Hawk, he had earned the name on the battlefield for his precision with a bow and arrow. All three knights had been friends since childhood and since becoming knights had tried to build a guild of their own, with very little success. The fourth knight was a succubus who had joined their guild only recently bringing the grand total of guild members to four. Her name was Lilith, although Lisa called her Lily, much to her chagrin. She stood at approximately 5’5” and had the bustiest figure of the girls. Lilith was not necessarily adept with weapons, but showed great talent with close quarters combat and magic. She was known as the prankster of the group, often taking great pleasure in teasing Hawk. It was on this trip that she would be the one to have the most fun.

It was around noon on the first day of the trip, and the group of knights had decided to set up camp for the day. They had been walking through the mountainous region in full armor since dawn and all of them were exhausted. As they sat down to rest, Lilith began to remove her armor. Much to everybody’s shock, she wasn’t wearing anything underneath. “Can’t you show any damn decency!” cried Hawk as he averted his gaze.

“Oh, come on,” Lilith said playfully. “I just love the feeing of the cold steel caressing my bare skin. Besides you know you love seeing me naked. The ringing sound your armor makes each time you see me naked doesn’t lie.” she said as she pointed to the crotch of Hawk’s armor. Hawk’s face went beat red since he couldn’t deny that seeing her naked had an effect on him so instead he tried to drink nonchalantly out of his flask. Lilith noticed this and teased, “Awe, is the virgin knight embarrassed.” This caused Hawk to do a spit take for the record books.

Just as he was getting ready to respond back with a witty retort, Lizzy got up and said, “Now stop it you two. We came here to have fun and to train.” She reached into her knapsack and pulled out some clothes and began making her way for the forest. “I’m going to go change. None of you better follow me.” And with that, she headed off into the forest.

By this time, Lilith had put her clothes on and Hawk was just beginning to remove the top half of his armor. “How much you want to bet that the reason that she doesn’t want anyone to follow is because she has to pee?” teased Lilith.

“I wouldn’t put it past her, after all she does have the weakest bladder out of all of us,” said Lisa.

“We shouldn’t be talking about what a person does in private nor should we be making bets on it,” said Hawk, although he could imagine that both girls were probably right.

###

Meanwhile, Lizzy had found a spot to change out of her armor. She placed her clothes on a tree stump while she began removing her armor. While not naked underneath her armor like Lilith was, she did not want anyone to see that she was only wearing underwear underneath. While this normally would not have been a big deal to other female knights, for elven knights it was a matter of pride as it was looked down upon for a female knight to be seen in such a state of undress by a member of the opposite sex that was neither family or their lover. As she removed her armor, she placed it on the stump where the clothes were.

Suddenly she felt a strong urge to pee. Looking around to make sure that nobody was around to see her, she quickly pulled down her panties and squatted down. She watched as a jet of piss arched out from beneath her and slammed into the dirt and grass in front of her, creating a foamy puddle. She estimated that her stream must have been about three feet long and her face became flushed as she realized how loud it was. However, she was thankful that no one was around to hear her. At least that was what she thought. About twenty feet in front of her the bushes started rustling. Lizzy stopped her stream and grabbed the dagger she had taken with her for protection. Before she had time to react, something darted out of the bushes and went straight for her. All she could do was scream.

###

Back at the camp Hawk and the other two girls were still conversing. “Oh, come off it virgin,” said Lilith. “Everyone pees, even the high and mighty Elizabeth.” She noticed that Hawk was blushing. “Or could it be that you don’t want us to know that the thought of her peeing turns you on.”

“Shut up!” screamed an irritated Hawk. “It’s not like that at all.”

“Awe, it looks like I made the virgin upset,” teased Lilith. “You know honestly I think you should just fuck her already.” Hawk’s face couldn’t become any redder as he gave Lilith the death stare.

“Lily is actually right for once,” said Lisa. “You’ve had a crush on Lizzy since we were kids. Why don’t you just tell her that you want to be more than guildmates.”

“I would if I could, but it’s not that simple,” replied Hawk as his gaze shifted from Lilith to his boots. “She’s an elf and I’m a human. Her family would never accept a lowly human like me as their daughter’s husband. Plus, her family has already chosen another elf to be her fiancé.”

“Well, does she like the guy?” asked Lisa.

“As far as I know she doesn’t, but it is tradition for a female elf’s parents to decide who she is going to marry,” said Hawk.

“That’s a load of horseshit!” screamed an angry Lilith. “Women have the right just as much as men to decide who they’re going to marry and if I had to bet, Lizzy probably feels the same way.”

“Even so, it doesn’t matter,” said a depressed Hawk. “To elves, tradition is practically binding. It’s better for everyone involved if I don’t try to violate that tradition.”

Suddenly Lisa grabbed her brother by the collar of his shirt and pulled him close to her face. “Listen here you virgin piece of shit. Stop being such a goddamn coward. All you need to do is unsheathe your holy sword and storm her sacred palace.”

“What the hell are you talking about?” asked an extremely confused Hawk.

“She’s telling you to be a man and make a woman out of Lizzy,” replied Lilith. Before Hawk could say anything more, he heard a scream coming from the direction that Lizzy had walked off to. Grabbing a dagger from his open knapsack, he ran in the direction of the scream while yelling at the other two girls to stay where they were. He only hoped he could make it in time.

###

As Hawk neared the spot where Lizzy was he saw her sitting on the ground in a state of shock. As he continued running he saw the source of her shock was a giant green snake that had climbed a tree a few feet away from her and looked like it was getting ready to attack her again. Thinking quickly, he hurled his dagger at the snake, pinning it to the tree and ultimately killing it. As Hawk ran towards Lizzy, he slipped on the puddle of piss and fell forward. Hawk blacked out for a second. As he came to, he realized that he had landed face first into something soft and slightly hairy that also had the faint aroma of urine. Hawk lifted his head up only to realize that he had landed face first into Lizzy’s bare pussy. He quickly jumped back and bowed his head furiously as he apologized. As Lizzy stood up with her hands covering her pussy, Hawk suddenly noticed that there was a trickle of blood running from Lizzy’s inner thigh down her right leg.

“Did you get bitten?” asked a worried Hawk. Lizzy, still in shock nodded her head. Hawk grabbed her hand and led her to the tree stump. “Let me take a look at it.” Lizzy opened her legs while still doing the best to cover her pussy. Unfortunately, Hawk could not see the wound with her hands in the way. “I can’t see anything with your hands in the way,” said Hawk. Lizzy removed her hands, allowing Hawk to see a pair of fang marks high up on the inside of her right thigh. “Try to stay still while I suck the poison out.”

“Okay,” said a blushing Lizzy. Hawk then proceeded to stick his head between her thighs and began sucking out the poison.

Part way through the procedure he heard his sister yell, “Just what the hell do you think you’re doing. I know what I said back at the camp but this is certainly not the place for that sort of thing.” Hawk turned around to see both his sister and Lilith staring at him

“Wow,” said Lilith. “I guess you got balls after all. Good job mister virgin.”

“It’s not what you think!” cried Hawk. “Lizzy got bitten by a snake and I’m trying to suck the poison out.”

Lilith looked over at the dead snake pinned to the tree. “Just so you know, if that’s the snake that bit her, there is no need to suck on the wound. While it does secrete a toxin, it’s perfectly harmless.” However, what Lilith didn’t tell them was that the toxin did have some side effects that were sure to be amusing.

Hawk turned his head back towards Lizzy. “Isn’t that great? You’re going to be just…” but before he could finish his sentence a torrent of piss splashed all over his face, some of it landing in his mouth. Lizzy had reached her breaking point and could no longer hold back the stream she had pinched off before the snake had bit her. She pressed her hands against her crotch and closed her legs but the damage had been done.

“I’m so sorry,” she cried as tears rolled down her face.

“It’s alright,” said Hawk calmly as he took his shirt off and used the dry part to clean his face. “Accidents happen,” he said with a reassuring smile.

“And I’m sure drinking her piss was a happy little accident for you,” teased Lilith.

“Oh, shut up you damn demon!” screamed Hawk.

“Let’s go get you cleaned up,” said Lisa to Lizzy as she walked her to the river where the group would be bathing the next few days.

“We should probably get you cleaned up too,” said Lilith as she looked at Hawk and pinched her nose. “You absolutely reek.” All the while she thought to herself that this trip certainly was going to be interesting.

Part two coming soon!!!

*005*2018-01-31 07:36

Part 2

Immediately following the pee incident, Lisa escorted Lizzy to the river to help clean her up. Realizing that she had not brought anything to dry off with, she told Lizzy that she was going back to the camp to fetch a towel and some bandages for the leg wound. As Lisa returned to the camp she found nobody there. Thinking that the other two had gone off to get Hawk cleaned up, she decided that she would use the time to take a bath in the river as well. She grabbed her knapsack with her clothes in it along with a pair of towels and some bandages and headed back for the river. What she didn’t know was that while she was preparing for a bath, her brother was being tormented by Lilith.

###

While Lisa was escorting Lizzy to the river, Hawk was busy trying to process what just happened. As he turned to Lilith to ask if he was dreaming, he noticed that she was busy removing the dead snake from the tree. “What do you plan on doing with that snake?” asked Hawk, not really sure if he wanted to know the answer.

“I plan on cooking it for dinner,” said Lilith. “Also, the toxins extracted from these bad boys make great ingredients for potions.”

“While you’re doing that, I’m going to go get cleaned up,” said Hawk. He went back to the campsite grabbed some clean clothes and a towel and set off for a different part of the river than where Lisa had taken Lizzy. As he arrived at the river, he proceeded to strip naked and began stretching. Hawk then walked over to the edge of the river and stuck his foot in it. “A little cold, but it will have to do,” said Hawk to himself. Just as he was getting ready to enter the river, he heard whistling coming from behind him. To his horror, Lilith was standing behind him and she was now holding his clothes in her hands. “What are you doing here?” he asked furiously.

“I just wanted to have a little fun at your expense,” teased Lilith. Before Hawk could say anything more, Lilith took off running up the river bank with his clothes.

“Get back here you damn demon!” screamed Hawk as he chased her, completely ignoring the fact that he was running through the forest buck naked. A few minutes later he caught up to her on a hill that dropped off just above the river. “Give me back my clothes,” he said desperately trying to catch his breath.

“You mean those clothes down there?" Lilith asked motioning towards the drop-off.

“You didn’t!” screamed a horrified Hawk as he ran to the edge of the drop-off.

“Don’t worry,” said Lilith calmly. “I would never do something that cruel. But trust me, you’ll thank me later for what I’m about to do.”

“What the hell are you talking about?” asked Hawk. Just as he turned around, Lilith slammed her body into his causing him to lose balance and fall over the drop-off. “YOU BITCH!!!”, he screamed as he began falling towards the water.

“Like I said, you’ll thank me later,” screamed Lilith back at him.

###

While Hawk was busy being tormented by Lilith, Lisa and Lizzy were enjoying their bath in the river. “Do you mind if I ask you something about what happened back there?” asked Lisa.

“Go ahead,” said Lizzy.

“Why did you piss all over my brother’s face? Is it some sort of weird kink you two have?” asked Lisa.

Lizzy’s face became red with embarrassment. “Look, it was an accident and nothing more.” However, the look in Lisa’s eyes told Lizzy that she didn’t believe her. “Fine, I’ll tell you the truth. The thing is that I have a condition where I tend to lose control of my bladder when I become extremely embarrassed. What happened was truly an accident though.”

“That’s weird,” said Lisa. “I’ve seen you embarrassed loads of times and not once have I ever seen you do something like that.”

“That’s because it only seems to happen when Hawk is around,” said Lizzy. “I don’t know what it is about him but every time I embarrass myself in front of him I tend to have a bathroom emergency. It’s been that way ever since we were kids. The only difference is that I wasn’t able to get away in time.”

“That’s gotta suck,” said Lisa. “Do you think it could be because you have feeling for my brother?”

“Absolutely not! I don’t even see your brother that way,” denied Lizzy. Although truthfully, she wasn’t quite sure what her feelings were towards Hawk. “Do you think we could maybe talk about something else?” asked Lizzy, trying to change the subject as quickly as possible.

“Sure,” said Lisa. “What do you want to talk about?”

“How about how the water feels a little chilly today despite how sunny it’s been?” asked Lizzy.

“Oh, I can fix that,” said Lisa smiling. Before Lizzy could ask Lisa what she meant by that, the water around her felt suddenly warmer. It took a few seconds for Lizzy to register what was going on.

“Are you peeing?” asked a horrified and slightly disgusted Lizzy. “If you are, that is incredibly disgusting.”

“I’m not,” lied Lisa.

“If you’re not, then stand up right now and prove it,” demanded Lizzy.

“Fine. You’re right,” said Lisa as she stood up, a stream of yellow piss cascading down her pussy directly into the clear water below her.

“Please stop,” begged Lizzy. “It’s gross.”

“How is it gross?” asked Lisa as she pinched off her stream. “Fish and other creatures pee in rivers, lakes, and oceans all the time. How is this any different?” Lisa noticed that Lizzy’s face had gone an even brighter shade of red and that Lizzy could no longer meet her gaze. “Hold on a sec,” chuckled Lisa. “Are you honestly telling me you never once peed in a river or lake while taking a bath?”

“Of course not! It is improper for a lady to do such things,” replied an indignant Lizzy. “Besides my mother always said that good girls don’t urinate where they bathe.”

“Wow,” said Lisa. “Your childhood must’ve sucked.” She then walked over to Lizzy and grabbed her breasts, causing Lizzy to shoot up from the water.

“What the hell do you think you’re doing!” cried Lizzy as Lisa ran her fingers around her nipples.

“You always were such a little princess,” said Lisa. As she maneuvered her hands around Lizzy’s breasts, she couldn’t help but feel envious as her own were rather flat in comparison to those of the other two girls.

“Please let go, and don’t call me that” said a desperate Lizzy. This was the first time a another girl had ever groped her breasts and it was making her both uncomfortable yet slightly turned on at the same time.

“I’ll tell you what,” said Lisa, “if you pee in the river with me right here, right now, I will let go of your breasts.” Lizzy began shaking her head in defiance forcing Lisa to press down hard on Lizzy’s nipples. As Lizzy let out a squeal of both ecstasy and pain, Lisa knew she had her right where she wanted her. “Come on now Lizzy, you’ve spent your entire life doing what your mommy and daddy said was proper for a young lady. Don’t you think it’s time you did something a little bit naughty for once? Just think about how fun it would be to do something you were always told never to do. There’s no one around to judge you for it so why hold it in any longer. You know you want to. Now you need to make a decision. Do you want to be a good girl or a naughty girl?”

Lizzy carefully listened to Lisa’s sweet words of persuasion. Everything Lisa was saying was absolutely true. She had always acted in the way that her parents told her a true lady should act. Never once had she dared to be even the slightest bit naughty and secretly she had always envied Lisa for her ability to be naughty without worrying about what others might think. Lizzy bit her lower lip as she contemplated the answer to Lisa’s question. “I…I…I… want…I want to bbbbeeee….”

“Come out and say it,” ordered Lisa. “Say you want to be a naughty girl.”

“I WANT TO BE A NAUGHTY GIRL!!!” screamed Lizzy finally giving in to temptation. Suddenly the water beneath her started to turn slightly yellow as she unleashed a small waterfall of piss.

“That’s my girl,” said Lisa as she began letting her stream out once more. “Doesn’t it feel good to do something naughty for once in your life?” Lizzy nodded in agreement.

Suddenly a loud scream penetrated the air as something large fell into the river from the drop-off directly above them. Whatever had fallen burst to the surface. It was Hawk. Luckily for him, he and landed in a deeper part of the river just inches from a giant rock. “Dammit Lilith!” Hawk screamed as he climbed up on the rock and shook his fist angrily. “You could’ve killed me.” He looked down at the rock and thought himself lucky that he had not landed on it. The rock itself was high enough that when he stood on it, the water only went up to his knees. If he had landed on it he knew that things would have been bad. Suddenly he noticed that the water was warmer here than where he had tried to get in earlier. Without really thinking, he turned around and was shocked to see both Lizzy and Lisa standing naked and pissing in the water. Unfortunately for him, he could not get a good view of Lizzy’s breasts as Lisa’s hands were still covering them.

“I know what this looks like, but it’s not what you think,” said Hawk. The girls just stared at him. “I swear I wasn’t trying to peek or anything. The only reason I’m here is because Lilith stole my clothes and then pushed me off the drop-off.” The girls continued to stare at him. “Come on say something,” pleaded Hawk who was now uncomfortable due to the silence. “What the hell are you staring at?” Just as he said it he looked down and realized that the entire time he had been talking, he had been letting it all hang out for the girls to see and to make matters worse somewhere along the way things had stiffened down there. Suddenly Lizzy began screaming, frightening Hawk to the point that he jumped back into the deep end of the river and began swimming downstream for all he was worth.

###

Hawk swam a couple miles downstream before he finally stopped. He figured that by now he must have been a safe distance away from the girls. “That was quite a show you put on,” said a voice on the embankment above him. He turned and saw it was Lilith.

“YOU BITCH!!!” screamed Hawk. “This was your plan all along. Wasn’t it?”

“Not initially, no” replied Lilith. “Honestly I thought you were going to be a man for once and take Lizzy right then and there. The only thing I didn’t account for was that Lisa might be there. That’s life I guess.” She proceeded to walk down to the water’s edge and gently laid Hawk’s clothes and a towel on the grass and turned her back to give him some privacy. “Don’t worry about the girls, I already explained to them that the whole situation was my fault. I don’t think they’ll be too angry at you, if at all.”

As Hawk got out of the river, he dried himself and then began putting his clothes on. “Lilith, turn around and look me in the eye,” demanded Hawk, his voice full of anger. As Lilith turned to face him, he asked her, “Do you honestly think that explaining the situation to them is going to make things better? Lizzy was so traumatized by seeing me naked that all she could do was scream in terror. Tell me how am I supposed to face her again?”

“Don’t you think you’re overreacting a bit?” replied Lilith. “I can see how your pride might be hurt as a result of hearing her scream after seeing you in all your naked glory, but trust me, both you and Lizzy will get over it. But if it makes you feel better I am sorry that that happened as it was not my intent.”

“Fuck you,” said Hawk angrily. “I don’t care what your intent was. This time you went way too far. From now until the trip is over don’t talk to me, don’t touch me, don’t even look at me. As far as I’m concerned, any friendship we might’ve had is over

“Look I said I was sorry,” pleaded Lilith trying to hold back her tears. “What more do you want me to say? What more do you want me to do?

“There’s nothing more you can say,” said Hawk as he walked past her. As Hawk began walking up the small hill and back towards the forest, Lilith suddenly ran up behind him and threw her arms around him, using all the strength she could muster to try to keep him from leaving.

“I’m so sorry,” she screamed as tears began forming in the corners of her eyes. “If I could take it all back I would.”

“But you can’t take it back,” said Hawk coldly as he broke free of her grip causing Lilith to fall backwards onto the grass behind her. As Hawk turned around, Lilith could see that the shine that had once been in his eyes was gone. “The moment we get back to town I’m kicking you out of the guild.” From the look in his eyes, Lilith knew that Hawk wasn’t joking.

“You can’t!” screamed Lilith as she grabbed hold of Hawks legs in a mad embrace. She looked up at him, her once beautiful face was now desecrated by the cascade of tears rolling from her eyes to her cheeks and the bits of snot now running down from her nose. “Our guild is like a family and families forgive each other. I swear that I’ll never do anything like this again so please forgive me. Say you won’t be angry anymore. Please, I’m begging you to forgive me this one last time.”

Hawk bent down and pried Lilith’s hands from his legs. He grabbed her chin and forced her to look him in the eye. “You think I’m angry with you? If so, you’re wrong.”

“Oh, thank God,” said Lilith, her voice still choked up by her tears. “If you’re not angry then will you forgive me?”

“No,” said Hawk. “I understand now that you were trying to help me in your own misguided way so I can’t say I’m completely angry with you. Instead I’ll say this. I’m not angry, I’m just done.” Having felt like he said all he needed to say, he got up and continued walking towards the forest.

“PLEASE DON’T KICK ME OUT OF THE GUILD,” screamed Lilith. “I don’t have a home or a family to go back to. This guild is the only thing I have left. Please don’t take it away from me.”

Hawk stopped in his tracks and without looking back he said, “You should have thought about that before pulling this stunt.” As he continued walking he raised his arm in a waving motion and said, “Have a nice life.”

As Hawk vanished from sight, all Lilith could do was cry as it felt like her world was being torn apart. She was so distracted that she didn’t hear Lisa or Lizzy come up behind her. “So, this is where you’ve been hiding," stated Lisa.

"How much of that did you hear?" asked Lilith.

"Enough," responded Lizzy.

“Did you two come here to yell at me too?” Lilith asked as she turned around.

“That was our original intent,” said Lisa.

“However, it would seem that Hawk has already said what needed to be said,” commented Lizzy.

“So, I guess you two are going to abandon me now too, right”? asked Lilith. She watched as the girls inched closer to her. She proceeded to close her eyes to await any punishment that the two girls might see fit to give her. However, instead of a punishment, the two girls squatted down to her level and wrapped their arms around her in a tight embrace. “What are you doing?” sobbed Lilith. “You should be punishing me right now.”

“I think you’ve been punished enough,” said Lizzy slightly teary-eyed.

“Besides what you said is true, our guild is like a family and families forgive each other,” added Lisa, also slightly teary-eyed.

“But what if Hawk never forgives me?” asked Lilith, her face now a complete mess.

“Don’t worry,” said Lisa. “I’ve known my brother long enough to know that everything he said to you was said in anger. I doubt that he meant what he said.”

“She’s right,” replied Lizzy. “He just needs sometime to cool off. Hawk might not look it but he is one of the most forgiving people I’ve ever known. Just give him some time.”

As Lizzy and Lisa began to release their embrace from Lilith, Lilith tearfully asked, “If you don’t mind can we stay like this for a while longer?”

“Take all the time you need,” said Lizzy as both she and Lisa retightened their embrace around Lilith. As she said this, the once quite forest erupted in the uncontrollable sobs of Lilith as she was embraced by two of the three people she could truly call friends.

As all four knights began to digest what had just happened, all of them had to wonder if things could ever go back to the way they were. None of the knights knew it but they would face more trials and tribulations before the day was through. Nor could any of them have known that this trip would set in motion a chain of events that would change their little group forever.

*008*2018-02-01 07:41

Part 2.5: A Side Story

Author’s Note: The following is a side story that takes place four years prior to the beginning of part one. This side story focuses more on Lilith’s character and her first encounter with Hawk.

After her conversation with Hawk that had left her feeling emotionally shattered, Lilith was escorted back to the campsite by the other girls, whereupon she climbed into her makeshift tent, and eventually cried herself to sleep. As she slept she began to dream about her past and her first encounter with Hawk.

###

Lilith was an unusual child, even amongst the various succubi clans that made up her village. For starters, she was the biproduct of a love affair between a succubus and human. Succubi and incubi, much like humans of the era, tended to mate for life. The only difference being that succubi and incubi were allowed to have relations with as many members of different species as they liked. However, there was one rule that had to always be followed. Under no circumstance could a succubus give birth to a child whose father was not an incubus. As it was of the utmost importance to keep the succubus/incubus bloodline pure, any mixed-blood offspring born in the village was to be executed. The only relief from such a fate would be if the mix-blood offspring had been born somewhere else and that it could be proven. Knowing full well the potential danger her unborn child could face, Lilith’s mother was still determined to bring her offspring into the world.

Despite much criticism from her people, Lilith’s mother decided to make the human father her lifetime partner and for a time they were happy. As the pregnancy progressed, the couple made plans to leave the village so that their baby would not be executed. However, the baby came earlier than expected. Days after the baby was born, the village elders and a group of armed villagers came to take the baby away. Pleading for the baby to be spared, the father attempted to make a deal. In exchange for his baby girl being allowed to live, he would die in her place so that no other mix-blood succubus or incubus could be born.

As the village chief was the grandfather of the child, the deal was accepted and the father was imprisoned to await execution. As the day of his execution arrived, the entire village gathered in the square to watch his beheading. Before the execution could start, the village chief said to the man, “Regardless of you being a human, you make my daughter happy and thus I will offer to spare your life if you do one thing. Allow us to execute that monstrosity of a child in your place.”

The man simply laughed. “You may have sired a child, but you know nothing of what it means to be a father. If it means that my child will live, I would gladly die a million deaths but I’m afraid I only have one life.”

“Here you are about to die and your telling me that you have no regrets?” asked the village chief.

“That’s not entirely true,” responded the man. “I regret that my wife will be a widow at such a young age and that my daughter will have to grow up without a father.” As the man looked at his wife and baby girl he said, “By the way that child is not a monstrosity. Her name is Lilith and she will bring about change, just you wait and see.” As he uttered these final words, the axe came down.

With her lover gone, Lilith’s mother was left to raise the baby all alone. This task was made even more difficult as her own people began to ostracize her. As Lilith grew older, she too would have to deal with being ostracized by the other children and villagers. Every day, she had to deal with people telling her that she didn’t belong, that she wouldn’t amount to anything, and that she should die. Even her grandfather, the village chief, verbally abused her. Lilith angry with how she and her mother were treated, responded by getting into fights and pulling pranks. This only served to further isolate her from the village but she didn’t care so long as her mother was on her side. However, when Lilith turned eight, her mother became very sick. While the disease was curable, the cure was expensive and there was nobody willing to help out. In the end, Lilith was forced to watch her mother die a slow and agonizing death.

Following her mother’s death, she was sent to live with her grandfather who made it a habit of hitting her every time she did something bad or something he didn’t like. By the time she was ten, she had had enough. One night she decided to run away, taking with her nothing but a bag with a couple pairs of clothes, a few days’ worth of food, and the little money she had hidden away since her mother’s passing. Over the next two years she moved from village to village, stealing what she needed to survive. On her twelfth birthday, she made a mistake that would change her life forever. While she was pickpocketing people during a major festival in the country’s capital, she made the mistake of pickpocketing a fat slob of a lord and got caught. “What have we here?” said the lord, grabbing Lilith’s hands to prevent her from escaping.

“I’m sorry,” said Lilith. “I’ll return everything I stole, just please let go of me.”

“That’s not good enough,” replied the lord. He looked her over and a wicked smile came over his face. “Now that I get a good look at you, I see that you would fetch a hefty profit. Be a good girl and come quietly before things get ugly.” As he tried to take her away, Lilith bit his hand causing him to let go. “YOU LITTLE BITCH!” the lord screamed as blood began running down his hand. He then slapped her with enough force to knock her to the ground. He then beckoned for his hired guards who had been standing mere feet away to restrain the girl and take her by force if necessary.

As the guards inched towards her a mysterious hooded man wrapped in a cloak stood in front of them and said, “Forgive this child. From the looks of her she was only stealing so that she could have enough to eat. Surely you have enough money to spare but a few coins.”

“This girl is a thief, nothing more than gutter trash,” spat the lord. “Now get out of the way or I’ll have you thrown in jail.” When the hooded man did not move, the lord ordered the guards to capture the both of them. As the guards drew their swords and advanced, the hooded man lifted his cloak and unlatched his sword from his belt. Without unsheathing his sword, the man began dispatching each of the guards. The first he took down with a single blow to the chest and the second was downed by blow to the gut. The third guard swung his sword just barley missing the hooded man's head. In so doing, the third guard created an opening for the hooded man to dart behind him and smash the hilt of his sheathed sword into the back of the third guard's head. The third guard crumpled to the ground. The fight was over in mere seconds.

“Who are you?” asked the lord, now visibly shaking, the crotch of his pants growing darker by the second.

“I am a knight and as knight it is my duty to protect the innocent from scum like you. Now get out of here while I’m still inclined to show you mercy,” said the knight as he began to slowly unsheathe his sword. The lord backed away before taking off at full speed down the busy streets of the festival, leaving only a urine trail behind him. “Are you okay?” asked the knight as he turned to Lilith. When she didn’t respond he asked her, “Do you have a place to stay?” Lilith shook her head. “Alright then, come with me. I know a safe place where you can stay,” he said lending her a hand. Lilith looked at the hand cautiously. Sensing that this supposed knight had no malintent, she grabbed his hand and allowed him to take through the town.

Lilith was shocked by the strange man’s generosity as he bought her something to eat and new clothes to replace her tattered ones. “Why are you being so nice to me?” she asked. “I don’t have any money or goods to trade so there is no reason to help me out.”

The man simply laughed at this. “Do I need really need a reason to help you out? Don’t you think it’s possible that I’m doing this out of the goodness of my heart?” Lilith stared at him, unconvinced by his words. “Alright, alright. The truth is that you remind me a lot of my son and daughter back home. They’re both about your age. Being a knight means that I don’t get to see them very often so every time I see a person that reminds me of them, I get the strong urge to help them out.”

“So, knights help people even if they are complete strangers,” said Lilith to herself. Never once had she received such kindness from anyone other than her mother so she found it hard to believe that people like this truly existed. “If a knight’s job is to help people who are in trouble, then I want to become one as well,” declared Lilith.

“I’m sorry to tell you kid but becoming a knight is not an easy thing to do,” said the man. “It takes years of training as well as passing an exam that only a few knights pass each year.”

“I’ll do whatever it takes to become a knight, no matter how long it takes or what I have to go through,” declared Lilith.

The man laughed as he ruffled Lilith’s hair. “Now that’s the fighting spirit. If you’re really serious about this, then I will take you to a place where you can begin your training immediately.” Lilith nodded her head, her eyes glowing with excitement. True to his word, the knight took her to the house of an old friend who would become her instructor. “I must take my leave now,” said the knight.

As the knight began walking away, Lilith cried out, “Wait a minute! You never told me your name.”

“It's Falcon,” yelled the man.

At that moment Lilith decided that she would work hard to become a knight worthy of Falcon’s respect. “I swear I’ll become a knight and make you proud of me,” she screamed.

“I’m looking forward to it,” replied Falcon before disappearing from sight.

###.

Six years passed and at the age of eighteen Lilith was finally qualified to take the final exam required to become a knight. Each year those who had completed their training gathered at the capital to participate in a competition to prove their skills. Candidates were put in groups of three and were judged on stamina, bravery, fighting ability, and more. While hundreds of candidates would enter each year, only a handful would be selected to become knights. As she and her team entered the coliseum located on the palace grounds of the capital, she became extremely nervous, but as the competition progressed, she became more and more at home.

During each round of the competition, scores of knights were eliminated either because they failed to win the challenges or because they dropped out. As the final round came to a close, only three teams remained. All that there was left to do was for the panel of knights acting as judges to decide whether to pass anyone on the three remaining teams. Lilith noticed that one of the teams seemed a little out of the ordinary. It consisted of a tall male archer, a female elf who was practically a master with a spear, and a short girl who had easily taken down candidates almost twice her size, using nothing but a pair of large gauntlets. This team was special because they had passed every challenge with flying colors and were sure to be selected to become knights. She couldn’t help but feel envious.

Suddenly, the booming voice of one of the judges brought her back to reality. “While all three teams were good this year, it has come to our attention that the kingdom has almost more knights than it needs. Thus, this year only one team will be allowed to become knights. We will have the results tomorrow so make sure you get plenty of rest.”

Lilith’s heart dropped. She knew her team was nowhere near good enough to be selected to become knights. In fact, they had the lowest scores out of the three remaining teams. She watched as the number one team left, her eyes burning with envy. It was then that she suddenly remembered the rules of the competition.

· Rule 1: Candidates must participate in a group of three. If one member is disqualified or leaves, the entire team is disqualified

· Rule 2: Candidates must abide by the six sacred oaths of the knights: bravery, honesty, loyalty, honor, justice, and self-sacrifice.

· Rule #3: Should an individual violate any of these six oaths, their whole team will be disqualified.

It was in that instant that she decided that she would do whatever it took to make sure that her team was chosen. She noticed the tall man on the top team leave. Lilith suddenly came up with an idea. If she could blackmail him into abandoning the competition, her team would have a better chance of winning. Now that she had her plan, it was time to put it into motion.

###...

Two hours after the teams were dismissed, Lilith managed to track down her target. Her target was in the room provided him, alone and resting. She knocked on his door and within a minute of her knock, the man answered. “What can I do for you?" asked the man, still groggy from his nap.

“Hi, my name is Lilith and I’m on one of the remaining teams,” said Lilith. “I just came by to congratulate you on making it to the final judgement.”

“Thanks, I guess,” said the man. He watched as Lilith stood there and stared at him to the point that he became a little uncomfortable. “You look like you have more to say. Do you want to come in?”

“If you insist,” said Lilith as she checked phase one of her plan. “By the way, I didn’t catch your name.”

“It’s Charles, but my teammates and my father call me Hawk because of my good eye sight,” the man said. Lilith chuckled when she heard the nickname. “I wish you wouldn’t laugh. I understand how lame it sounds, so much so that I really hope it doesn’t stick.”

“Oh, come on,” she said. “I think it’s cute. And from seeing you in action during the archery round I can see why they call you that. If you want to talk about lame nicknames, my teammates call me Lily and I absolutely hate it.”

“I guess we have something in common then,” he said laughing. “Since you’re here, would you like something to drink.”

“A cup of water sounds heavenly if you don’t mind,” replied Lilith. As Hawk turned his back to her to pour her some water from the pitcher on his table, Lilith began to strip. “You know I’ve been watching you for some time now Hawk and I think you’re very talented. With as good looking as you are, I bet you have to beat the girls off with a stick.”

Hawk laughed as he said, “If only that were the truth. The thing is that I’ve never been all that good at anything other than archery and when it comes to talking with girls I get nervous and freeze up.”

“That can’t possibly be true,” said Lilith in a more flirtatious tone. “You seemed pretty chummy with your two female teammates. Let me take guess. The small one looks sort of like you so I’m guessing she’s your sister while the elf girl you seem to have goo-goo eyes for must be your girlfriend.”

“Well you’re right on the first count but totally wrong on the second,” said Hawk, his voice cracking a bit. “Lizzy and I are just really good friends from childhood.”

“I see,” said Lilith. “Well if that’s the case then I’m sure she wouldn’t mind if I take you for myself.”

“I guess she wouldn’t,” said Hawk. Suddenly the gravity of what Lilith just said donned on him. “Hold on a sec, what did you just say?” As Hawk turned around he dropped the cup of water upon seeing the naked girl standing in front of him. “What the hell are you doing?” asked an extremely confused Hawk as he grabbed a pillow to cover his now throbbing groin.

“Isn’t it obvious Hawk?” asked Lilith seductively. She began walking towards him, biting her lower lip and looking him over with an intense hunger in her eyes. “I want you to make a woman out of me,” she said as she pushed him down on the bed and climbed on top of him. Lilith then grabbed Hawk’s shirt and tore it open, simultaneously running her fingers on his rugged chest. She then turned her attention to the pillow he was holding. “This simply won’t do,” she declared as she yanked the pillow away from him and threw it to the floor. She then began running her hands along his crotch. “Oh my, it seems like someone’s gotten pretty stiff.”

“Please stop, this isn’t right” said Hawk both very confused and very turned on.

“Don’t be such a baby,” said Lilith. “You’re a man. Act like it.” And with that she pressed her mouth against his lips and practically forced her tongue into his mouth. As soon as Hawk began struggling, Lilith backed off a little. “Well if a kiss is not enough to satisfy you, maybe I should do something that Lizzy girl won’t.” She grabbed hold of Hawks pants and tried to pull them down, but Hawk was ready for her and was able to keep her from pulling them down. “Fine,” she said growing frustrated with Hawk’s resistance to her advances. “I guess I’ll just have to do it over your clothes then. She proceeded to move her body down Hawks, until her giant bosom was directly above his crotch. Grabbing Hawk’s still clothed crotch, she placed it between her bountiful bosom and began massaging it between her breasts. As she did it she found herself getting more and more excited, almost to the point of forgetting why she was there in the first place.

Hawk couldn’t help but moan, his willpower beginning to weaken. Using his last bit of willpower, he forced himself into a sitting postion and pried her off. “I don’t know why you’re doing this but you need to stop right now.”

A little hurt at having had her advances rejected, Lilith became angry. “You know Hawk, I really wish it didn’t have to be this way but you give me no choice. Here’s the deal, you’re going to drop out of the competition, or I’ll tell your little crush that you invited me into your room under false pretenses and tried to rape me.”

“Go ahead,” said Hawk in defiance. “Lizzy knows I would never do a thing like that.”

“Maybe you’re right,” said Lilith now majorly ticked off. “But the judges don’t know that.” Lilith smirked as she waited to see the sign of defeat on Hawk’s face.

Instead of a look of defeat Hawk continued to stare her in the eyes, his resolve unwavering. “I see now. You couldn’t win by honest means so now you’re trying to win by cheating. How pathetic. As I was watching you during thr competition I thought you had what it takes to become a knight, but now that I see your true colors it’s clear to see how wrong I was. You could never be a knight.” His stare began to remind her of the stares of all those who had called her a monster. In that moment, she could hear their voices taunting her, telling her that she would never amount to anything and that she should have never been born.

Lilith raised her hands to her ears and in a desperate attempt to drown out the voices she began screaming, “SHUT UP! SHUT UP!! SHUT UP!!!” As she got up and put her clothes back on she screamed, “This isn’t over. I’ll make you pay.” Before she left she grabbed a pair of Hawk’s pants that were lying on the floor and took them with her to help corroborate her story.

###.

Lilith hardly slept that night as she thought about what Hawk had said. Then she began to think of the man who had helped her all those years ago and how disappointed he would be if knew what she had tried to do. As she lay on the bed, she placed her arms over eyes and began to cry, something she had not done since the day her mom died.

The next morning Lilith, still a bit delirious from lack of sleep began to pace around the palace lake, contemplating her next move. Suddenly she heard the sound of rustling grass behind her and saw a familiar hooded figure. “Are you still going to cheat? If you are, then I have to say that you’re the poorest excuse for a knight’s candidate I’ve ever seen. You don’t even deserve to call yourself a knight.” The words felt like daggers piercing her heart, each one weakening her even more. “I honestly thought you had potential but I can see I was wrong.”

“Stop please,” cried Lilith trying to block out the words that she knew were true. As the figure walked towards her, she began trembling in fear. “Stay back.” But the figure kept moving towards her. “I’m so sorry,” she pleaded. “Becoming a knight is all I ever wanted.”

“And you’d cheat to get it? How pathetic,” said the hooded figure walking ever closer. Finally, her fear got the best of her as a loud whizzing sound filled the air. She looked down and watched as her once clean brown pants became darker. Her piss stream was so heavy that a thick waterfall of golden fluid began leaking from her pants into the grass below. She could feel the warmth running down her legs and into her boots. Lilith desperately yanked her pants down, allowing her piss stream to shoot forward a couple feet infront of her, just missing the figure’s feet.

She became overwhelmed by emotions and began crying. “I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry,” she sobbed. “I won’t cheat, I’ll win the honest way just like I promised you I would. Please forgive me Falcon.” She closed her eyes and began desperately trying to wipe her tears from her eyes.

Suddenly the figure wrapped his arms around her, ignoring the fact that Lilith’s stream was now dousing the front of his pants. “It’s alright now. Everything is going to be alright.” As Lilith, opened her eyes, she saw the man standing before her was not Falcon. “Everything is going to be alright now,” said Hawk as he rubbed her back.

“Why are you trying to comfort me,” asked Lilith as she chocked on her tears.

“It’s because the man you are asking for forgiveness from is my father,” said Hawk. “I remember him telling me and my sister about a young girl he had met who despite having been tormented her entire life still wanted to become a knight in order to help people. You’re that girl, aren’t you?” Lilith nodded her head. “I’m sorry to tell you this but Falcon died in battle roughly five years ago."

Lilith wrapped her arms around Hawk and squeezed him tight. “He can’t be gone, he can’t be,” she said sobbing into Hawks shoulder. “I finally had a purpose. I was going to become a knight like no other and make him proud of me. What do I do now?”

“My father always told me, when one dream ends find a new one,” said Hawk. “No life is truly ever without purpose.” As Hawk let go of her, he realized that they were both completely soaked in piss. Before he could say anything he heard the chime of the palace’s bell tower signaling that the final judgement was about to begin. “Shit, there’s no time to change.” Suddenly Hawk had an idea. He picked up Lilith and said, “You’ll thank me for this later.” Before Lilith could respond, Hawk threw her into the lake before jumping in himself.

“Why did you do that!” screamed Lilith. As she lifted herself out of the water and pulled her pants up she realized that he had done it so that nobody would be able to tell what happened. “Thank you,” she said as she helped Hawk up. They ran for the coliseum, just barely making it in time. When asked about what had happened, Hawk merely said that they had been sparring at the lake and had fallen in.

In the end, Hawk’s team was chosen to become the next round of knights. As the teams parted ways, Hawk caught up to Lilith and said, “Since my father is not here to give you his forgiveness, I wanted do it in his stead. I forgive you Lilith and in all honesty with a little more effort I think you will have the makings of a great knight.”

“Thank you,” said Lilith, a little teary-eyed. “What are you guys gonna do now?”

“I was thinking that we might start a guild,” replied Hawk. “Once you become a knight, and if you wouldn’t mind tagging along with a guy like me, maybe you could join our guild.” By this point Hawk’s face was red and he couldn’t meet her gaze.

“I’d like that,” said Lilith, blushing and twirling a strand of her hair. As Hawk and his team set off on their own adventure, Lilith called out, “One of these days I’ll become a knight that you can be proud of!”

“I’m looking forward to it,” said Hawk as he disappeared from sight.

###.

Lilith suddenly jolted straight up, a cold sweat running down her body. She felt something wet running down her cheeks and thought to herself, “How can I make you proud now?” As she left the tent she saw a shadow moving across the grass and as she looked into the sky she saw a falcon fly by. Like magic the sight of the falcon gave her an answer. With one arm she wiped away her tears and with the other she reached out to the sky as if she could actually touch the bird. “No matter how bad things get, I’ll keep moving forward and make you proud of me. Both of you.”
