Tiffany had a problem

Author: Country Man

*000*2016-08-06 16:03

Here's something I wrote a couple of years ago but never posted...

###

Tiffany had a problem

Not her tendency to drink too much - although that was part of the problem.

Not the fact that she was going home alone again - although that was part of the problem.

Not the fact that she'd gotten turned around and stepped on the wrong subway and had wasted 10 minutes headed 180° in the wrong direction - although that was part of the problem.

Not even the fact that, now that she was on the right train headed in the right direction, they were being held in the tunnel because of a signal problem - although that, too, was part of the problem.

No, Tiffany's real, immediate, most pressing problem was that she had thought she would be home quickly, and she made a decision to enter the subway despite having to relieve herself of an evening's worth of liquid refreshments.

Now she was in severe danger of relieving herself of those liquid refreshments in front of 20 or 30 strangers all over the floor of the F train.

"Fuck fuck fuck," she said to herself. "Why did I get myself into this situation?"

It was a rhetorical question which she didn't bother to answer, as a new spell of urgency swept over her.

She walked back to examine the map, as if another look might somehow transform East Broadway to Carroll St., but really because moving helped her keep in control. She had not been desperate like this since that unfortunate incident on the sixth grade field trip. And she was not going to repeat that kind of embarrassment again.

Tiff willed her bladder shut, and visualized a lock that could not be opened except by the sight of a real toilet. Or maybe a dark spot behind a dumpster. Or between two parked cars. Or ANYTHING except where she was right now.

The announcement you could barely hear reiterated the fact that they were being held due to a signal problem. Tiffany's bladder was being held, too, but it was sending all the wrong signals.

"This is not happening," Tiff thought, as she looked anxiously around. There was no place she could go. The doors between cars were locked. Worse, all her activity was drawing the attention of her fellow riders. The ordinary NYC subway cool could not stand up against a desperate girl in a glitter dress prancing through the subway car.

She couldn't help it, though. Without clenching her legs, rocking back and forth, and nervous pacing, she had no chance of making it to the next station, forget about making it home.

No matter how obvious her struggle was, the train sat silently in the dark tunnel.

Tiffany knew it was only a matter of minutes. Maybe it would help if she sat down, so she said "Excuse me," and squeezing into one of the few open seats, between an older black lady and a young Spanish guy with a neck tattoo.

This did not really help, for she could not keep still. The pressure on her bladder demanded that she fight to remain in control, and that meant fidgeting, toe-tapping, squirming, and jostling her seatmates. A flush of desperation came over her, and to hold it in, Tiffany bent over to hug her torso tight to her legs.

"Are you alright, honey?" the old lady asked. "I'm fine!," Tiff hissed through gritted teeth. But she was not fine. She had almost started to pee right then. It would be bad enough to wet herself, but sharing her piss with that nice old lady and tattoo boy was not an option.

Tiffany popped up again and quickly moved to stand by one of the doors. She couldn't help it if everyone wanted to watch, every ounce of attention had to be directed at one thing: keeping her piss in its place long enough to avoid complete and utter public humiliation. Her bladder was throbbing. It was only a matter of time, but Tiffany was not giving up.

She resolved not to hold herself, but tightly she locked her legs together. It was looking increasingly unlikely that she could wait long enough to find a restroom. Even if the train started this very second, they’d have to get to the next station, Tiffany would have to exit the train, run upstairs, and find an establishment with a bathroom that she could get into without soaking her leggings. At some point she must have realized this was not going to happen.

It could have been the point where, with her bladder about to make the decision for her, Tiffany decided it would be best to let a little bit out. But when there is so much pent-up demand, it is hard to let just a little bit go. Before Tiff could stop, her crotch was very wet. At least she managed to avert a full release. So maybe she still held out hope.

Or it may have been several moments later when, her bladder having been teased with release, demanded more. With a spasm, another rush of urine shot out of poor Tiff, this time against her will. And this time not only escaping her body, but jetting through her leggings and falling to the floor. Tiffany looked, unbelieving, at the undeniable evidence of her distress now between her feet. Maybe no one else would notice, she thought, before becoming again preoccupied with her desperate struggle to hold on just a little while longer, as her swollen bladder kept insistently demanding relief, threatening moment by moment to burst through again.

But it certainly happened when, all of a sudden, the train gave a small jerk and slowly started to move. This was when Tiff knew that all her her efforts would be in vain. Her holding capacity had been stretched to the limit and she now felt it coming, Even if the train was to somehow attain lightspeed, her feet were still fated to be bathed in her unwanted piss.

As the train slowly gathered steam, she could no longer contain her bladder, and Tiffany started to pee herself. First another spurt further moistening her underthings, then another, and then her control was completely gone. The pee flowed freely from her, hot and shameful down her legs, the greater part bursting free to fall from under her dress hem to splatter loudly on the subway floor.

It seems to go on for a looong time. Tiffany just stood there as she pissed. She looked helplessly down at what was happening to her. For a moment it was almost as if it was happening to someone else.

She could see the spray of pee descending from her, to splash in the growing pool between her feet. She saw the stray trickle that had traced its course down her right leg.

But Tiffany was no dispassionate observer. That trickle she saw run down her leg, she also felt running over her foot and into her shoe. She felt the warm wetness on her legs and the drops hitting her ankles. And she shuddered at the vast feeling of relief as her tortured bladder emptied itself. All the pain and anxiety drained away, replaced by the freedom of losing control. She was pissing herself on the F train, and there was not a thing she or anybody else could do about it.

Of course, the rest of the subway car could hardly ignore what she was doing. Tiffany was aware of the stares. Even the ones pretending not to look were intently "not looking."

Tiffany could almost care less. This might be the single most embarrassing moment of her life. But it felt so good to finally let go.

She knew that in a minute reality would set in. She would have to look up, see the people who just watched her piss herself, who would have to step over or around the lake of piss she'd left on the floor of the subway car. She would have to make her way out of the subway, and make the four block walk of shame from the station to her apartment.

But that would come soon enough. Right now, Tiffany just felt good. What are a few stares, compared to the blissful release of finally letting it all go? She might be soaked, but her bladder was at peace.

