Driven to the Brink (Based on Speed)

Author: cwpee

*000*2023-04-16 21:39

Speed (the moving with Keanu Reeves and Sandra Bullock) just showed up on Prime, so I was watching it last night and had a thought - what if one of the passengers needed to pee? I think they were on the bus for at least a couple hours, and I can imagine at least one of them needed to pee when they got on. Then I had another thought - lets see what I can come up with using Chat GPT!

My first prompt was "I like to see a story about one of the people on the bus in speed, but they really have to pee" I had to redo it few times, but ended up with a very nice story. I ended up using several more prompts to expand it, change a few things, etc, and here is what I ended up with. This is exactly as written, with the only editing being splicing the responses together to get rid of my prompts. NOTE: this is done using GPT 4, not the default of GPT 3.5.

###

Annie, a young teacher in her mid-twenties, gripped the steering wheel of the hijacked bus with white knuckles. Her eyes darted between the speedometer and the road ahead, making sure to keep the bus above 50 miles per hour. If the speed dropped, a bomb rigged to the bus would explode, taking the lives of everyone on board.

As the driver, she bore the responsibility of keeping the passengers alive, a burden that weighed heavily on her. Adding to her anxiety, she had a pressing personal problem: an increasingly urgent need to use the restroom. The stress of the situation had intensified her need to pee, but there was no way she could stop the bus or ask anyone else to take over.

Annie's bladder screamed for relief, making it difficult to focus on the road. She gritted her teeth, trying to distract herself with thoughts of her students, her family, and her favorite hobbies. But the pressure was relentless, growing more unbearable with each passing minute.

In the back of the bus, Jack, an off-duty LAPD officer, was doing everything in his power to outsmart the bomber and save the hostages. He communicated with the police, strategizing and working together to find a way to disarm the bomb without slowing the bus.

Annie glanced at Jack in the rearview mirror, and for a moment, their eyes met. She could see the determination in his gaze, but he could also see the pain etched across her face. He quickly realized the source of her discomfort and felt a pang of sympathy.

With no other choice, Jack instructed one of the passengers to find an empty water bottle. He made his way to the front of the bus and handed it to Annie, whispering, "I know it's not ideal, but it might help."

Annie hesitated, her cheeks flushed with embarrassment. She looked around the bus, realizing that she couldn't bring herself to use the bottle while surrounded by so many passengers. The thought of someone noticing her predicament filled her with shame.

She handed the bottle back to Jack, her voice barely audible. "I can't do it, not yet. There are too many people."

Jack nodded in understanding. "Just hang in there," he encouraged her. "We'll find a way to save everyone, and then you can find some privacy."

Annie clenched her teeth, determined to focus on her driving and ignore her growing desperation. The minutes ticked by, each one feeling like an eternity as she battled the urge to relieve herself.

In the back of the bus, Jack continued working with the police, trying to devise a plan to disarm the bomb. He couldn't help but steal glances at Annie, admiring her courage and perseverance under such immense pressure.

As the bus raced through the city, Annie struggled to maintain her composure. Her entire body trembled with the effort of holding back the inevitable. She prayed for a solution, any solution, that would grant her the relief she so desperately craved.

Finally, after what felt like hours, the police managed to disarm the bomb remotely. Jack shouted the news to the passengers, who let out a collective sigh of relief. "The bomb has been disarmed! We can safely stop the bus now!" Jack shouted, relief washing over his face.

As the bus slowed to a stop, the passengers erupted in cheers and tears. Annie's emotions were a mixture of gratitude and desperation. Her bladder had reached its breaking point, and she could feel a small leak beginning to escape. Panic set in as she realized she couldn't wait any longer.

As soon as the bus came to a complete stop, she bolted out the door, frantically scanning her surroundings for a place to relieve herself. Jack, understanding her urgency, quickly pointed to a cluster of bushes nearby.

"Over there, Annie! Hurry!" he called out, concern in his voice.

Annie dashed towards the bushes, her hand pressed against her crotch in a futile attempt to stem the flow. Just as she reached the greenery, she couldn't hold back any longer. Tears welled up in her eyes as she finally allowed herself to pee, her body trembling with relief and embarrassment.

Jack approached cautiously, making sure to give her some privacy. When Annie emerged from behind the bushes, her face was a mix of relief and shame. Jack offered her a comforting smile, trying to put her at ease.

"It's okay," he assured her, his voice gentle. "You held on as long as you could, and you saved everyone on that bus. That's what matters."

Annie nodded, wiping away her tears. Together, they walked back to the bus, the weight of the ordeal still fresh in their minds. In the face of seemingly insurmountable challenges, they had triumphed and formed a bond that would last a lifetime. And although the hijacking ordeal would remain a harrowing memory, Annie would forever remember it as a testament to her strength, resilience, and the unwavering support of a newfound friend.

