Not the Best of Friends

Author: Calm Cascade

*000*2025-02-04 19:32

Chapter 1

She's going to give up soon, Lily thought while siping her own beer, the blush on the redhead's cheeks growing a shade darker.

The fact that the girl - Michelle was her name, wasn't it? - was going to ultimately lose the contest wasn't unexpected, especially not to someone who had been watching the way the violet-haired girl had been squirming and fidgeting in her seat for the past thirty minutes or so. And Lily certainly had been watching her. She had been there for most of the show, after all - besides a short time when she had to take a break and visit the bathroom herself - and so she was well aware of Michelle's growing desperation.

But in the past few minutes the woman's need seemed to have skyrocketed. While before her fidgeting had been noticeable - if not necessarily pronounced - by now she was rocking back and forth in her chair literally the whole time, apparently simply unable to sit still anymore. Grace, on the other hand, was as calm as ever, her crossed legs the only evidence of the blonde feeling any inclination of needing to pee. Or, well, "evidence": it was just as likely that she simply felt comfortable sitting that way.

Lily had known Grace for more than a year, with the blonde being one of her two flatmates, and in all that time she had never once seen her actually desperate to pee. Not really, anyway: sometimes, rarely, she had noticed some minor things, like Grace showing some hurry when walking towards the bathroom or perhaps fidgeting slightly, especially after a long day at work, or maybe after a night out... but never actually bursting, never showing any proper urgency. When Michelle had challenged her friend to a drinking contest - or, well, a holding contest, based on the rules of it - Lily had little to no doubt about who the victor would be.

The short redhead bit her lip, acutely feeling her cheeks redden even more, the thought that she was actually watching an honest to God real-life holding contest causing her heartbeat to speed up a little. And seeing Michelle's desperation, with the violet-haired girl now putting little to no effort into hiding it, was causing butterflies to flutter inside Lily's belly.

Grace's unwavering composure, even though she had drunk the exact same amount as her opponent, was somehow having the same effect on the blushing girl.

"Kinda seems like it's going to be over soon," Olivia observed, her voice jerking Lily out of her thoughts. Her other flatmate hadn't spoken for a while now, the screen of her phone holding the brunette's attention for the better part of the evening, long enough that the redhead had actually forgotten about the girl being there at all. Well, the screen of her phone and the alcohol. Olivia drank more than Lily and it was audible in her voice: she was slurring her words a bit.

"Better not be," one of the guys in the room said, sounding annoyed. "I bet ten bucks on Michelle, you know."

Grace tittered at that, covering her mouth.

"I think you might be ten dollars short soon," she said, eyeing the violet-haired woman sitting opposite her, managing to sound both teasing and slightly apologetic about that... yet there was amusement in her eyes.

"Are we going to wait until this whole... thing... is over? I mean there's like fifty minutes before the Golden Hour stops giving out their Ladies' Night bands, you know," a girl sitting beside Lily commented to her man.

"Well, I did wager on the blonde, so I kinda have to wait until one of them gives up. Besides: while you would get the band, I don't have, you know, a cunt. No discounts for me," the guy pointed out.

The woman sighed, still eying Michelle. "Then I could buy you drinks, stupid. Though we might still make it, she's kinda looking like she's about to lose it."

"Come on, time for the next round," some woman proclaimed loudly, getting up from her seat, and setting another two cans of beer on the table. Well, "beer": it was non-alcoholic since Grace was Lily and Olivia's designated driver. The two competitors had already drunk four cans each - or was it five, perhaps? Lily tried to remember, but she was a bit drunk herself, drinking - ah - actual beer, not some imitation... and the expression on Michelle's face was distracting her. It was tense, doubtful even. The girl's lips moved without making a sound, and while Lily couldn't lip-read, she was quite certain that the word she mouthed was: "fuck".

Grace reached for the beer immediately, rapidly gulping it down in just a few moments, setting the empty vessel back on the table. The violet-haired woman opposite her was still looking at her own can, though, making no motion to pick it up, biting her lip. She hadn't stopped rocking back and forth for a second... and there was an actual grimace on her face now.

"Michelle?" the girl who had brought the cans said, sounding concerned. "You're not going to give up now, right? She's just showing off, you know, she has to go as badly as you do. You're gonna win!" ("I never have to go," Grace murmured quietly, to no one in particular.) Then, in a hushed voice - though not really whispering - the woman added: "I have a bet going on as well, you know."

Silence reigned for a moment, everyone in the room having their eyes on the squirming girl, then...

"Well, fuck that," Michelle said suddenly, awkwardly getting up from the chair, her palm pressed to her abdomen. "I'm about to fucking piss myself, so I'm sorry, but I'm out."

A few people groaned at that, some others cheered loudly. Grace smiled brightly, making no move to rise from her seat, enjoying the congratulations, even high-fiving one of the guys that had bet on her. She didn't give away any vibe of urgency or desperation that Lily could notice, despite not having used the bathroom ever since they had all left their flat, some... three hours ago? And she had drunk a beer or two even before Michelle had challenged her. The other gal was careful to relieve herself directly before the contest, but Grace didn't want to, despite everyone's insistence on evening the scales.

Well, most everyone's. Lily certainly preferred her friend not peeing, of course.

"We should've wagered too," the redhead commented offhandedly, "could've made some money that way. It was obvious that Grace was going to win, after all." Her eyes were on Michelle's back as the girl was leaving the room, walking hurriedly in the direction of the bathroom, her hand still pressed to her belly. She was wearing a miniskirt, so holding herself between her legs would be quite difficult: Lily suspected that it was the only reason Michelle wasn't plunging a hand between her legs since the woman had apparently given up on trying to act composed anyway.

"Hmm?" Olivia said, momentarily tearing her eyes away from the screen of her phone, her cheeks curiously red. Lily repeated her words, earning herself a distracted nod from the other girl, who then immediately lowered her eyes back.

Glancing at her screen, Lily could see that the brunette was chatting with Noah - that she was still chatting with him, having spent most of the evening doing just that. Before they left, Olivia tried to convince her two friends to go to Noah's place instead, since her boyfriend and his friends were celebrating the end of the exam session with some liquor. But neither Grace nor Lily wanted to: the brunette had gotten herself outvoted. Lily didn't like Noah very much, while Grace would hate to be the only sober person in a small group of very drunk people. Noah and his mates were certainly planning to get smashed, after all, as always.

Truth be told, Lily didn't mind that Olivia was distracted: she didn't care much about the wagers either, not with some more interesting things to pay attention to. Even as she spoke, the redhead was already moving, first picking up her handbag - her wallet and their only set of keys were there, and so were her cigarettes, it wouldn't do to leave it unattended - then walking towards the door, intent on following in Michelle's footsteps. There was only one bathroom in the whole house: one bathroom to be shared by quite a lot of people, most of them drinking alcohol.

When Lily herself had gone to pee some time ago, there had been a queue of people waiting for the door to open, three - no, scratch that, four people - and she suspected that there might well be a queue right now as well. Lily really didn't want to miss the show if Michelle were to be forced to wait a bit longer. The girl was obviously bursting at the seams and it was going to be an experience to be able to watch her her squirm and fidget.

It was Grace's voice that stopped Lily in her tracks.

"You've been to the bathroom a moment ago, weren't you?" Grace said. "Is it, ah, clean or - well, you know... the usual?" Her tone was casual, betraying no sense of urgency, but the question itself... Grace hated using any bathrooms other than her own, Lily knew that. And yet she was asking about the bathroom in the house, meaning that she was at a minimum considering using it.

Meaning that she apparently was at least somewhat troubled by her bladder and its load. That was - wow.

"Erm," Lily said, her mind blank, the sudden spike of excitement caused by Grace's query making it a bit difficult to think on her feet. "I mean, yeah, it's clean. It's not a, you know, a public bathroom, it's not very dirty." If she had had some time to consider what to tell the blonde... but then she hadn't, she had answered automatically, without pondering her words first.

"Brilliant," Grace commented, uncrossing her legs and getting up from the chair. "I think I will see it for myself," she said, "though of course Michelle goes first," the blonde smiled, a trace of laughter in her tone.

Moving towards the door, Grace didn't appear to be in any particular hurry... though if her memory wasn't lying to Lily, the blonde had her belt a hole or two looser than before. Was her bladder that full? Well, of course it would be, with just how much she had drank, but the sheer thought...

The redhead followed her friend, and Olivia rose from her chair as well - even though her eyes hadn't budged from the screen of her phone for a second, the girl typing a message after message, her cheeks blushing and a smile playing on her lips. Knowing the brunette, she was probably sexting Noah more than just texting him: Olivia loved to do that with her boyfriends, flirting with them and teasing them at every instance, especially when she was drunk.

Like, well, now.

The three of them moved through the crowd towards the bathroom, walking up the stairs and down a corridor. Then, when they'd finally reached it, Lily discovered that she was quite right to expect a queue. It was even longer than the one she had waited in some time ago - four, five, six people waiting outside the door - and Michelle was the very last in line, standing there and pee dancing like mad, rocking back and forth, her palm still pressed to her belly.

"We all have to go, you know," the girl in front of Michelle was saying, looking harshly at the woman, "that's why we're here. You're gonna wait too, you don't get to tell us to fuck off."

"You haven't been in a fucking drinking contest, were you?" The violet-haired girl bit back, sounding pained. "I literally gave up because I'm about to fucking piss myself."

"Well, too bad for you," the other woman shot back, scowling.

Michelle cursed under her breath, yet didn't argue, instead closing her eyes and apparently focusing her attention utterly on her bladder. It was actually bulging slightly, Lily could tell, pressing against the girl's skirt.

Grace joined the queue behind Michelle, apparently content to wait... though she had crossed her legs immediately after joining the line, Lily noticed with interest. Olivia didn't take a spot in the line, instead placing herself with her back to the wall and playing with her phone.

But Lily's attention was focused on Michelle. In contrast to Grace, the girl was quite openly desperate to relieve herself. Well, "desperate to relieve herself" was probably something of an understatement. The woman appeared to be close to bursting on the floor, standing bent forward at the waist and biting her lip - hard! - fanning her legs in and out, cursing under her breath every now and then: "fuck!" - "fucking hell!".

Truth be told, Lily was surprised that the other people in the line hadn't allowed her to skip the queue: none of them looked to be in any particular hurry, and yet they were apparently content to mercilessly let the girl suffer longer. But whatever empathy she felt for her was overshadowed by the redhead's sheer arousal at the sight: Michelle was certainly quite pretty, and - judging from what she had said when challenging Grace to a contest - had a large bladder, or believed herself to have one, so the amount of piss that she had to have been holding inside to make her that desperate just had to be impressive. Though Lily didn't even have to rely on her word: the protrusion in Michelle's abdomen was clearly visible, even if contained by the band of her miniskirt. While the pair of tight jeans Grace was wearing was hiding whatever bulge the blonde's bladder might have been making, the violet-haired girl's skirt did a lot worse job in that aspect.

The sight of her pantyhose-clad legs, constantly moving around while the girl kept dancing in place, was making Lily's heart beat faster.

Some of Michelle's friends that followed her here were apparently shocked by the woman's behavior if one were to judge from their wide eyes. Though, if Michelle was genuinely known for her supposed iron bladder, this isn't very surprising, Lily thought, excited. Other people in the corridor were staring at her too - she was making a show of herself, after all - with expressions ranging from compassion to amusement. One guy ogled the woman with an outright lustful gaze, his eyes flickering between her dancing legs and her cleavage, which - while not as generous as, say, Olivia's - Michelle was accidentally displaying to him, with her posture bent forward as it was.

Then the door to the bathroom opened momentarily and a drunk man stumbled out, allowing the girl in the front of the line to enter. The sound of the lock clicking caused Michelle to raise her eyes and look in the direction of the doorway, allowing her a glance at the sweet porcelain throne for a second - then the woman closed and locked the door behind herself, denying relief to the bursting girl. Michelle's expression turned from agony to despair... and then, without any warning, to outright panic.

To Lily's surprise, the violet-haired woman suddenly straightened and urgently hobbled out of the corridor, desperately pressing a hand between her legs - and were those wet streaks on her pantyhose?

Without thinking, Lily followed her.

Michelle passed a room or two, each occupied, before finally reaching an empty one. She hobbled down to the table in the middle of the room and grabbed one of the red plastic cups standing there, at once bringing it between her legs, simultaneously shifting her other hand away from her crotch...

...and then a sudden hissing sound was heard and a stream of piss exploded right from between Michelle's legs, hitting the bottom of the cup. Lily stopped a few steps behind the girl, in the doorway, watching the scene with her eyes and mouth wide open, her cheeks flaming - and Michelle continued pissing, right through her panties, either ignorant of the other girl's presence or not caring about it, filling the cup halfway in a matter of moments. The wet streaks on the girl's thighs grew longer and wider, Lily noticed in her haze, as some of the woman's pee was stopped by the fabric of her panties, trickling down her long legs.

"What the fuck?" a loud male voice sounded from like a foot behind Lily, startling redhead... and, more importantly, startling Michelle as well, who abruptly let go of the cup, causing it to fall on the floor and spill its contents all over the wooden panels. She didn't stop peeing, though, a thick stream of piss still shooting from her crotch, while numerous thinner streams flowed down her legs, soaking her high heels. She turned her head in the direction of the door, an expression of shock on her face, yet said nothing, merely continuing to relieve herself. The man standing there - a black guy in his late twenties, Lily didn't recognize him - stood with his mouth agape for a few seconds, then: "Mick! Come here!"

He repeated it once or twice, louder, and soon the man in question arrived. Him the redhead did recognize: he was the host of the party, his parents owned this house.

"The fuck?" he exclaimed.

"Close the door!" Michelle yelled, finally finding her voice back, her face bright red. (So was Lily's face, for that matter, though likely for another reason entirely.) The woman didn't stop pissing, didn't even slow down, her stream losing nothing of its strength - and now she was slowly lowering herself into a squat, still peeing through her panties on the floor. The lake of her piss was growing steadily, almost reaching Lily's feet, making the redhead instinctively take a step back. "Are you stupid? Close the door!" The plastic cup she had been using before was now moving slightly, Lily observed, fascinated, apparently floating on a thin layer of liquid beneath it.

"You're ruining the fucking floor," Mick said, staring aghast at her.

"The bathroom was occupied!" Michelle said, her voice now more angry than embarrassed. "I just couldn't fucking wait."

"You could've pissed into... I don't know, a vase or a trash can!"

"She was pissing into a cup," the black guy said, pointing to the fallen cup. "She kinda... kinda lost her grip, though."

"This is insane," Mick muttered, shaking his head, still looking stunned.

And Michelle was still peeing, though now much less forcefully, the sound of her piss splashing on the floor like music to Lily's ears. Her pantyhose was utterly ruined, Lily observed idly, and her high heels were wet as well. Whether her miniskirt got any damage on it was hard to tell, though likely it did.

"Holy fuck," another voice said. One of Michelle's friends, the woman encouraging her to hold on at the end of the contest, was standing right behind Mick and his friend, staring agape.

"You owe me for that," Michelle said to her, the expression of utter relief on her pretty face, the stream of piss flowing from her crotch slowly abating, "for telling me to fucking challenge that girl, you know. You knew she didn't drink any alco tonight, you fucking set me up." She had finished peeing, as far as Lily could tell, though remained squatting.

The other woman stayed silent for a moment, apparently still quite shocked.

"Going to, ah, drive you home. You know," she finally said, looking embarrassed.

"I-", Michelle began, slowly raising up and looking down herself, inspecting the damage to her pantyhose and shoes, "I can just take them off. The fuck I'm going home, I'm just throwing those into the trash... and panties too." She stood unsteadily, leaning against the table: then her eyes grew wide at the sight of the lake of piss in the center of which she was standing.

"The fuck you are," Mick interrupted. "You're mopping the bloody floor, then you - are - going home."

Michelle and her friend started to argue with him, but Lily wasn't paying much attention anymore. The woman was done holding it, was done pissing herself, the show was over... and Lily's heart was beating as if she had just run a marathon, her cheeks burning. With other people in the room apparently content to ignore her, the redhead had a moment to reflect on her feelings - to reflect on her own reaction to seeing another woman basically piss herself in her presence. Because Michelle hadn't made it, after all, not really: she started wetting herself before she had gotten to the cup and then kept pissing through her clothes when she had lost the cup. Lily had previously experienced other people relieving themselves in her presence - in the toilet, in the bushes, in an alleyway - but she had never seen a woman literally wetting herself like that.

And the ocean of piss she had left on the floor!

Then it occurred to her: if Michelle was holding that much inside her, then Grace had to have been holding just as much, most likely more. And she was calm and composed, barely crossing her legs while waiting to use the bathroom. How much more could the blonde hold? How much piss inside her bladder would be needed to reduce her to the same state in which the violet-haired girl was moments ago: to the state of pure desperation and utmost urgency?

I would like to see that, a thought appeared in her mind, unprompted. Grace was about to use the bathroom right now: she hated using public toilets, but this wasn't a public toilet, not really. If Lily could somehow convince her not to use it, maybe to go somewhere where only a public toilet would be available, it would likely make the blonde hold it a bit longer. Because, knowing her as well as Lily did, Grace would use a toilet like that only in utter emergency.

And Lily wouldn't do anything to stop her then, of course. Of course. She... she just wanted to see Grace desperate, to finally see her... you know.

(To see her holding herself between her legs with the same panicked expression Michelle had not long ago, some part of Lily's mind whispered.)

Where could they go, though?

The redhead wondered about that idly, walking out of the room - the heated argument about the mess on the floor being or not being a reason to throw Michelle out was still going on - then she suddenly remembered: there was a Ladies' Night in some bar or pub? Golden Hour? Someone mentioned that, though Lily hadn't been paying much attention back then.

Walking to the bathroom - hopefully Grace hadn't gotten to use it yet - the woman picked up her phone from her bag and quickly googled the name. It was a pub, apparently, and it did have a Ladies' Night today... though only until a specific hour? No, only those girls who entered before the deadline were to get bands giving them a discount. And that hour was some thirty or so minutes away, and the drive to the pub was - she opened Google Maps - some twenty minutes?

That was it!

Having reached the bathroom, Lily found Grace still waiting in line, thankfully. Second in the queue, with three people behind her - the last of which was Olivia, surprisingly. The brunette didn't appear to be in any particular hurry, though, judging from her expression... and from the fact that she was taking a selfie right then, positioning the phone high above herself so that her generous cleavage would be in the center of the view. (Apparently still chatting with Noah, Lily thought, amused.) Grace's situation didn't appear to be very urgent either... though her legs remained crossed as she stood there and talked with the girl in front of her.

"Wanna go to a pub?" Lily directed this question more at Olivia than at Grace, knowing that the black-haired woman would be more inclined to agree than the blonde.

"Huh?" distracted from the message she had been typing, Olivia turned her head towards the shorter girl.

"I heard that there's a Ladies' Night tonight, at some place called Golden Hour. There's supposedly a seventy-five-percent discount if we get there in time to get a special band, so..." she finished.

Olivia's face brightened - then fell slightly when she glanced at Grace. The blonde wasn't exactly frowning, but she didn't look particularly keen either.

"You both just want to get smashed, don't you?" - "Yes," said Olivia - "No," said Lily.

"I mean, I would prefer a pub over a party. We know most people here, we could meet new people there?" the redhead suggested, making sure that her voice sounded hopeful.

"Or maybe we could go and visit Noah," Olivia suggested enthusiastically. "They have booze, you know. For free, even, not just with a discount."

This time Grace did actually frown a bit. She stayed silent for a moment, hesitating, then sighed.

"The pub it is, okay," she said. ("Yay!" Olivia said.) "I mean fine, we can go there. But only if you promise that you won't get too drunk. I want to have someone to talk with, you know, not just two girls to take care of," she added.

"Sure."

"Sure. Are we going now?" Lily asked, glancing at her phone. Twenty-six minutes left.

"Mind if I use the bathroom first?" Grace asked, her voice betraying no urgency. But- well, the fact that she had actually insisted on using the bathroom, however softly... She actually does need to pee, Lily thought.

"We're kinda in a hurry. The discount is only if you get a band at the entrance, and they give out bands only until midnight," Lily said, showing the blonde the screen of her phone. Grace blinked, glancing at it. "So, sure - if you, erm, have to go - but I'm not sure we're gonna make it, it's a twenty-minute drive..."

Grace glanced at the closed door of the bathroom, then shrugged, flashing a slight smile. "I never have to go, Lily," Grace said, repeating a phrase Lily had heard from her more than once before. "Sure, come on, let's go," the blond girl said, moving away from the line and towards the stairs. Olivia moved after her, the expression on her face a bit startled, but not unhappy.

Lily followed them to Grace's car, smiling.

Notes

The story is a bit on the long side, overall. It consists of five chapters it total, all of which are already written; I plan to post a chapter daily to avoid overwhelming you all with one massive block of text — and, truth be told, to help build some tension ;).

Oh, and English isn't my first language: please excuse my mistakes, especially with grammar and punctuation. (Though any comments pointing out the errors are very welcome, of course!)

A bit of an update: since the topic got approved by the moderator just today, i.e. on Friday - my first post, so it needed to be approved to be shown - the schedule got delayed a bit. I will post the second chapter on Saturday (though when exactly it will become visible depends on how quickly it will get approved, so essentially upon when the moderators will have a moment to check the list of posts needing approval 😉). I'm still hesitant to post to whole story at once, since it's slightly more than twenty thousand words, so... erm... an actual, proper wall of text.

*003*2025-02-07 23:56

Chapter 2

"Well, my parents provide me with allowance generous enough that, you know, I don't have to work," Jack said, sounding a bit smug, his eyes searching Grace's face for a reaction.

The woman's eyebrows rose slightly on her forehead, and then she flashed him a polite smile, taking another sip from her cup. She's not very impressed, Lily thought, adjusting her position on the stool slightly, which didn't surprise her in the slightest. The blonde's own parents were quite wealthy - it was only that Grace wasn't very keen to depend on them, choosing instead to work half-time and earn her living. If this guy had planned to sweep her off her feet by just showing off his financial status... well, this wouldn't work. Still, Grace did appear to like him at least somewhat, judging from the vibe she was giving off, Lily decided, toying with the yellow - ah, sorry, golden - rubber band on her wrist.

Not that Lily minded that, of course.

"I guess you work on the weekends?"

"The weekends, though on regular workdays too, sometimes," Grace confirmed, her legs tightly crossed. "I'm a barista during the weekends and a waitress at another place during the week. Quite a tiresome routine, to be honest," she added.

"Is it harder to be a waitress or a barista? I mean, which one of the two is more, well, exhausting?"

Grace elaborated, playing with her hair while desribing both of her jobs, though Lily wasn't paying much attention to her stories. No, she certainly didn't mind the guy - Jack - flirting with Grace, not as long as he was distracting her with a conversation.

Because Lily was quite certain that by now Grace seriously needed to pee.

When they had entered the bar the blonde had initially refused anything to drink, even water - and then she immediately crossed her legs after sitting down on the stool. Ever since, she had kept crossing and uncrossing them every few minutes, adjusting her position every now and then... and lately she had even taken to tapping her foot on the floor every now and then. For Lily's friend that was very unusual: Grace wasn't inclined to fidget like that, not at all, so...

Well, the woman's iron bladder was certainly giving her some trouble. Understandable, Lily thought, considering just how much she had drank. Two cans of beer before the contest with Michelle, then five or six during it - let's assume five - so in total, seven. Seven times twelve is eighty-four - eighty-four ounces of beer! That's like... like two and a half liters, the redhead thought.

Sure, certainly not all of that had made its way to Grace's bladder - not yet, anyway - but even then!

And now Grace was finally drinking something once more, courtesy of Jack, who had offered to buy her a drink. Grace didn't want to give him the cold shoulder, so she accepted water. Bless him, Lily decided, and bless his flirting. He likely didn't have all that much of a chance in the end... but right now Lily wished him all the best. Both for having Grace drink even more and for holding her attention... since, if Grace got desperate enough, she likely would at least consider using the bar's bathrooms, and Lily didn't want that.

It surprised even her just how much she didn't want that.

The redhead adjusted her position in the chair once again, shifting her body slightly. She had drank three beers in total since her last visit to the bathroom - well, two and a half, this one wasn't finished yet - and her own bladder was certainly feeling that. She wasn't bursting, but she could use some relief: assuming that the line wouldn't be too long she would be happy to visit the ladies' room.

However, reminding Grace about the bathroom in the bar wasn't something Lily was inclined to do. Better to just say that she was going out for a moment: Grace would assume that she was going to smoke.

...that wouldn't be inaccurate either, for that matter. Lily could use a cigarette, it occurred to her. Besides, the bathrooms were just by the exit.

The girl glanced at her beer, hesitating for a second, the put the mug to her lips, swallowing its contents as fast as she was able to. Then she got up from her stool and picked up her handbag, inadvertedly drawing Jack's attention to herself.

"Going out for a smoke," the redhead said resolutely, "gonna be back in a minute."

"Mind if I join you?" Olivia said out of nowhere, slurring her words slightly. Lily blinked. Olivia occasionally did smoke - usually e-cigs, though - but rarely, even when she was drunk. Lily had like two or three cigarettes remaining in the pack, so giving Olivia one would kinda deplete her supply... but that wasn't much of a problem. There were a lot of twenty-four-hour stores in the city.

"Sure," she said, watching Olivia raise to her feet somewhat unsteadily... while Jack's eyes momentarily flicked to the brunette's cleavage, her revealing top drawing his stare. Grace had noticed that too, Lily observed, judging from the slightly annoyed attention that appeared on her face. Hopefully that wasn't going to cause the girl to lose interest in him, she wished.

Navigating through the crowd - there were a lot of people there tonight, mostly women - the redhead directed her steps towards the door, Olivia following in her wake. Reaching the entrance, Lily was dismayed to see that the queue for the ladies' room proved to be, in fact, quite long. Like a dozen or more women standing there and waiting... which was a hilarious contrast compared to the line of literally two men waiting to use the men's room. She sighed - and then Olivia, a few steps behind her, outright groaned.

"Are you serious?" the black-haired girl said. "I have to pee. Why is there always a line?"

Olivia had joined the queue back at the party, Lily remembered, though she didn't seem all that reluctant to leave it. But she had had a few drinks after getting to Golden Hour: they were probably catching up with her right now.

"I can wait with you," Lily offered, "I would like to use the bathroom too."

Olivia hesitated for a moment, then shook her head.

"Doesn't matter," she slurred, "I can hold it. Come one, let's go outside."

Lily shrugged, then moved towards the door. Apparently the fact the she had to use the bathroom as well didn't even register with Olivia: the black-haired girl tended to be somewhat selfish like that, especially after drinking. Still, Lily could hold it a bit longer just fine, it wasn't urgent.

They left the building, then moved a few feet to the side of the door, Lily pulled a pack of cigarettes from her handbag. She had three remaining, so there would be one left. That meant that she could maybe hold off buying another pack until tomorrow, unless maybe a store would happen somewhere along the way. She lighted a cigarette and passed another to Olivia. The other woman had some trouble with the lighter due to the wind, but soon they were both smoking.

Then Olivia caughed, once and twice, then laughed.

"I'm really not used to real cigarettes," she said, pulling her phone from her pocket and unlocking it. Glancing at the screen, Lily could see that her friend was texting Noah once again.

"You've spent the whole evening chatting him up, you know," Lily stated casually.

"Haven't seen him in two weeks," Olivia shrugged, then leaned in closer towards the redhead: "Haven't fucked him in two weeks," she said, her tone thick with drink, then laughed out loud. "So, you know, I kinda miss him." She took a drag from her cigarette, letting out a puff of smoke... then coughed once more. Lily did the same, though without coughing.

The redhead thought about it for a moment.

"We could ask Grace to drive us to his place, you know," she started slowly. "If we would promise not to drink much and go home soon..."

"She wouldn't agree," Olivia shook her head. "I don't think she would believe us. Not after... you know."

"Not after the last time we promised not to drink much?"

They both laughed.

Lily took another puff from her cigarette, watching Olivia type out a message on her phone. The brunette was standing with her legs crossed, she noticed, and that wasn't her usual posture. Would she wait in line and use the bathroom, Lily wondered? Olivia didn't have Grace's iron bladder or her distaste for public toilets, but she didn't have a particularly small bladder either: she was just as likely to use the bathroom as to decide to hold it until after they'd gotten home. So, it all depended on just how long the girls were to stay at the pub. How long was Golden Hour going to stay open anyway? The redhead moved towards the sign by the door, reading it. Almost two hours left until closing.

Could she somehow convince Grace not to use the bathroom for two more hours, considering that her friend appeared to be close to bursting? Who knew... probably not, though. Still, it was worth a try. Even just some fidgeting on Grace's side was an actual show, as far as Lily was concerned.

The woman took another drag from the cigarette before putting it out, then looked to Olivia, who was still typing something on her phone.

"Come on, let's get back," she said.

Olivia raised her head - then looked around quickly. Lily looked around too - there wasn't anyone nearby, the street was almost empty.

"Wait a moment," Olivia said.

Then she simultaneously held her phone high up in the air and grabbed the hem of her crop top, pulling it up to her chin. Lily stared agape as the brunette exposed her breasts to the night air - she wasn't wearing a bra - and took a photo, making a duck face at the camera. Her breasts were full, with puffy pale nipples adorning them, drawing Lily's eyes to them. She had seen Olivia topless before, in a few different situations, so the image of the brunette's tits should shock her so much... but right now the sight was just so completely unexpected that her mind went blank for a moment.

And then it was over, just like that. Having taken the picture, Olivia hastily pulled her top back down, straightening it with her palm, then stumbled towards Lily.

"Felt like sending a pic," she said, her cheeks redder than they were before, "and the line to the bathroom was just so long, didn't feel like waiting."

Oh. So Olivia wanted to not just pee, but also send her boyfriend a nude. Well-

Well, that was just like her, Lily thought, still somewhat stunned, following the brunette back into the pub.

They walked past the line to the bathroom - it appeared to be even longer than before, for what it was worth - and moved through the crowd to where Grace and Jack were seated. They were once again talking happily, Lily observed, and Grace was smiling at Jack in a very friendly way: apparently she had forgiven him that glance at Olivia. Well, good. The longer he remained the focus of her attention, the longer the woman was being distracted from her need to visit the bathroom.

"The fucking line for the bathroom is so long," Olivia said casually, sitting back on her stool, drawing the attention of them both to herself. "I wanted to go," she added, "but there's like twenty people in the queue." There weren't that many, though Lily wasn't inclined to correct her.

Jack didn't seem to care much, obviously, but Grace - Grace actually scowled slightly at the words, shifting herself in her seat, her legs still crossed one over the other.

"Oh well," she muttered under her breath.

"Want another drink?" Jack said, looking at Grace's empty glass. " Or, well, maybe an actual drink?" he asked, sounding hopeful.

The blonde shook her head.

"Thanks, but I'm not thirsty," she said. "I appreciate the intention, though," the woman added, smiling serenely at him.

***

An hour later Grace's serenity was no more.

Lily's own bladder was giving her some trouble by then as well. She hadn't drunk anything more after going out for a smoke... but those beers that she had drank at the beginning had been slowly worming their way into her bladder, steadily filling it. The redhead was sitting with her legs tightly crossed, forced to put some honest effort to stop herself from fidgeting on the stool. For what it was worth, Olivia looked to be in a similar state, having last visited the bathroom shortly before Lily did... and having drank noticeably more than her friend. The brunette was less reluctant to show her desperation, though: she was rocking slightly back and forth, biting her lip, a flustered expression on her face. Part of that was that Olivia was less, well, shy than Lily - and part of it was that she was simply quite drunk.

But Grace? Grace was outright squirming in her seat, and that was- wow, just wow.

Ever since Jack had left, disappointed with the woman's waning interest in him, Lily had been doing her best to engage the other girl in a conversation; thankfully, Olivia joined her, apparently finally bored of chatting with Noah. It worked somewhat well in the beginning, but as minutes passed, the blonde became more and more distracted. Grace had been outright restless for the past ten minutes or so, jiggling her legs slightly the whole time: up and down, up and down. Her face was scrunched and flushed and her focus capricious: she seemed to be splitting her attention between the conversation and her stretched bladder, and the bladder was apparently getting the better part of it.

What's more, for the past ten minutes or so she had been glancing towards the exit every now and then... Towards the bathrooms, more likely, Lily thought, shifting her legs.

Little surprise there, of course. Just when had Grace last peed? Four hours ago? No, it was more like five. And with all she had drank since then...

"...and ever since Tyler bought himself a Mustang, Noah wanted one too, you know," Olivia was saying, ignoring Grace's lackluster interest. The brunette was slurring her words more than before, Lily noticed idly, even though she had stopped ordering drinks a while ago. "I keep telling him that it would be a waste of money, but... but, honestly..." she leaned closer towards Lily and Grace, "it would be kinda fucking cool, right?"

Grace nodded politely, a rather forced smile on her face, still squirming on her stool.

"It would be," she said. "I actually didn't know that he could even afford to buy one, to be honest," she added.

"Yeah, he would have to literally - hic - literally empty his account," Olivia uncrossed her legs and crossed them again, the other way. "I have to pee," she added, emphasizing the last word.

Olivia had actually spent some minutes in the toilet line some time ago, before giving up and rejoining her friends. Not the wisest decision, Lily judged, since by now the girl would have long since used the bathroom if she had just waited her turn - but then Olivia was drunk and not very inclined towards making rational choices. Back then Grace had looked like as if she was contemplating going as well... but back then Jack was still doing his best to hold her attention, flirting with her and complimenting her, and so she hadn't left her seat, choosing to stay with him instead.

Now, though... now he wasn't there, and hearing Olivia's words caused Grace to reach into her pocket and pull out her phone. She checked the hour, then glanced towards the exit. Dread suddenly struck Lily: Grace was going to get up, wasn't she?

"It's almost one a.m. already," the blonde said instead, then looked at Olivia, "and you're kind of drunk, aren't you? Perhaps it's time to go home?"

It took a bit of effort for Lily to stifle a sigh of relief. She was all for staying here longer, even with her own bladder uncomfortably full, but if Grace was actually considering using the bathroom... The drive home would take them twenty, maybe thirty minutes - she wasn't sure - and this would be a way to make Grace hold it that much longer. Unless she wanted to use the bathroom and only then leave... but this wasn't very likely, taking into account her mislike for public bathrooms.

"I wanna go - hic - wanna go to Noah's," Olivia uttered unexpectedly, then hesitated. "Though I wanna pee first. Can you drive us to Noah's? They got booze!"

"We're not going to visit your boyfriend," Grace said firmly, impatience audible in her voice. She stopped moving her legs and instead crossed them tightly. "First - you're already drunk, second - they're probably asleep already, third - I want to go to bed, I've got work tomorrow."

"They're not asleep!" Olivia protested. "I've just texted him a minute ago," she slurred, "he wants us to join them. Really!"

"That's nice, but we're not going to, Liv," Grace shut her down, causing the brunette's face to fall. Grace sighed. "I really want to go home, I don't feel like staying out even longer. We planned to get home before midnight, remember?"

"Come on!"

Grace shook her head.

"I mean, Olivia didn't get to see her boyfriend for, what, like two weeks?" Lily said. Olivia nodded eagerly. "He place is somewhere nearby, right? It wouldn't be all that much of a detour."

"She's drunk," Grace said, looking pointedly at Olivia. "If we go there Olivia won't leave, she will want to first drink, then stay the night - and both you and I have to get up in the morning," Grace finished, preempting Olivia's protests. "Seriously, girls, we're going home." Grace uncrossed her legs and slipped down from her stool, looking at them expectantly.

Lily made a face for a second, then shrugged.

"Come on," the redhead said to Olivia, hopping of her own stool, the sudden movement disturbing her full bladder. Olivia kept looking pleadingly at the blonde, yet Grace failed to budge.

"Come on, you're gonna see him on Sunday anyway," the woman reminded her.

Olivia kept looking at Grace for a moment, her legs vibrating slightly as she remained in her seat, then glanced at Lily. Seeing no support, she sighed, then uncrossed her legs and slid down to the ground, seeming a bit unsure on her feet. She braced herself against the bar with one hand, then, without any warning, suddenly pressed the other palm between her legs for a moment, causing Lily's eyes to open a bit wider - and her own bladder to give a slight pang, causing her to adjust her posture slightly, shifting her weight from one foot to another. Then Olivia removed her hand from between her legs and moved hastily towards the corridor leading to the exit - towards bathrooms.

"I have to pee so bad," she whined, walking unsteadily ahead.

Grace's face twitched at her words. Then, opting not to comment, she followed the brunette, with Lily doing the same a second later.

The line to the bathrooms was just a long as it had been an hour ago: a dozen women waiting for the door to open, the majority of them looking quite drunk... and fidgety, Lily observed, her own bladder giving another pang in reaction, causing her to cross her legs. Olivia's loud and slurred "You've got to be kidding me!" brought the brunette some momentary attention, causing one or two people around them to snicker. Grace looked displeased as well - and her own legs were crossed too, very tightly, the redhead noticed - but it was Olivia who kept protesting loudly.

"Why is there always a queue?" she said, once again plunging her hand between her legs, just like that, in the full view of everyone.

"Because life isn't fair, dear," a woman near the end of the queue observed, herself stepping from foot to foot, her voice amused. Someone laughed.

Lily didn't feel like counting the women waiting, but there were more than a dozen of them. How long would the last person in the line have to wait? Twenty minutes, maybe longer? The drive home would take a similar amount of time.

Grace had obviously come to the same conclusion.

"Come on, let's get to the car," she said. "There's no point waiting in line, we can use the bathroom at home."

"I seriously want to pee," Olivia whined, even as she moved to follow them out of the building.

"Same," Grace admitted, almost making Lily think that she's misheard. "And Lily probably does too," the blonde added, glancing at her friend, some amusement flickering in her eyes. Lily's steps were smaller than usual, she knew that, and she had been fidgeting even before they got up from their seats. Apparently Grace's own desperation hadn't stopped her from noticing Lily's situation.

"Probably not as badly as you two," Lily said honestly. "After all you've drank you probably have to go worse than me," she laughed, knowing that her face was beet red, "but yeah, it's kinda bad."

Grace shrugged, leading them to her car.

"I never have to go," she said, sounding as if she was stating a fact of life. ("Well, I do!" Olivia stated, getting into the backseat.)

Notes

So, this is the second chapter - three more remaining. 😉

{{11 hours ago, wedgeantilles said:

What a great start that was - and hearing that it was just the first part is awesome news!

Let's see if Grace won't regret passing up her chance for relieve 😄

}}

Thanks!

{{8 hours ago, tillend said:

If you ask me, this is the beginning of an epic story, and I can't wait to read it all the way to the end. I'd really appreciate it if you could send them all at once.

}}

Thank you! I'm delighted that someone likes the story enough to ask for it to be published all at once... but I believe that posting chapters with breaks between them builds suspense 😉. (Your impatience is kinda a proof of that, isn't it?)

*005*2025-02-08 23:27

Chapter 3

"I have to pee," Olivia moaned from the back.

Grace glanced in the mirror, then looked back at the road. The light was still red - just their luck - causing a small scowl to appear on the blonde's pretty face. The woman moved her legs closer together, then reached down with her hand and rubbed her thigh with her palm.

"We're going to be home in ten minutes," she said, her voice unusually chilly, "you can hold it."

Lily could sympathize with Olivia, she really could. Her own bladder was sending pangs of urgency as well, had been sending them for quite some time by then. But, truth be told, she enjoyed the brunette's predicament so much that it overshadowed her empathy almost completely. Sitting in a car like that, accompanied by two desperate girls... Wow, just wow. She would happily tolerate her own full bladder as long as necessary if that's what it took.

And Grace was desperate by then, Lily was quite sure of that, even if the girl wasn't very vocal about her situation.

"I can't," Olivia said, "I don't know - hic - don't know if I ever had to pee so bad."

The red light turned green and their car moved forward. Grace's eyes flickered to the mirror once more, some concern present in her expression.

"You're not going to wet yourself in the car, are you?"

Apparently a similar situation happened to Grace once, Lily knew, though it was before the three of them met one another. The redhead could easily imagine the whole scene: Grace, with that iron bladder of hers, casually assuming that the other woman was able to hold it as long as necessary too, overestimating her... then paying the price. Quite literally, since she had to pay for having the seat washed.

Too bad that Lily herself hadn't been there to watch that happen.

"I can't," Olivia slurred, causing Lily's heart to skip a beat. "I need to pee. Can you stop the car, please?"

Grace bit her lip, considering.

"Seriously? It's literally ten minutes, can't you..."

"I have to pee!" Olivia interrupted her. Sitting in the front, Lily couldn't see the brunette, but there was a bit of panic in her voice. "Come on, Grace!"

"I think there's a gas station on the way, we'll get there in two or three minutes," Grace said.

"Just stop the car, please, anywhere, I can pee in the bushes, please," Olivia pleaded.

Grace grimaced. Whether that was her reaction to the idea of a woman relieving herself in public or just her being annoyed at having to stop the car - or both - Lily didn't know. Or maybe she's frustrated that Olivia gets to pee before she does, the redhead thought, squeezing her legs together.

A minute later, Grace slowed down and parked on the sidewalk, near a small patch of greenery. Olivia barely waited for the car to fully stop before opening the door and jumping out... though she hadn't run to the bushes. Instead she simply squatted by the car, pulling down her skirt and panties, and started peeing immediately. Lily couldn't see much in the side mirror, the open door covering most of the scene, but she certainly could hear what was going on: the brunette was pissing forcefully and her stream was splashing loudly against the sidewalk.

"What?" Grace said, turning her head. "Olivia, you can't just..." She broke off, apparently too shocked to continue. The sound Olivia made when relieving herself didn't make things easier for Grace, Lily noticed, the redhead's eyes flickering between the blonde's face and the side mirror. The woman first brought her legs very close together, rubbing her thighs, then - to Lily's delight - suddenly pressed her palm to her abdomen. The bulge her bladder was making was visible, with Grace's belt much looser than it usually was, but the redhead had literally never before seen Grace act like that.

Olivia ignored her friend's words, still pissing hard, her loud and relieved breathing the only other sound. She continued peeing for more than a minute, causing the two other women to fidget in their seats. Lily's own bladder was forcefully reminding her about just how full it was, causing the woman to momentarily consider following in Olivia's footsteps... but while she was bursting, Lily wasn't that desperate, not yet. And besides, it was fun, in a way, to hold it together with Grace.

Then Olivia was finally done, though she remained in a squat for a moment, her back resting against the door of the car.

"God, I - hic - I needed that."

"Come on, let's be back on the way," Grace said. She was still keeping a palm pressed to her belly, though she moved it back to the steering wheel just a moment later. She kept fanning her legs, though, in and out, even if the movements were minute.

Olivia took her time pulling up her panties and skirt, then finally moved back to her seat, closing the door behind her. (Perhaps she was inspecting them, Lily thought, though probably not, she's too drunk to care.) Grace set off even before the brunette had time to put on her seatbelt, getting them back on the road home.

It actually didn't take even ten minutes for them to get there, perhaps half that time at most. Grace parked the car and turned off the engine, opening the door and stepping out before Lily had even undone her seatbelt. The redhead slowly rose from her own seat and left the vehicle, immediately crossing her legs, forcing herself not to plant her hand between them. Her bladder felt heavy and swollen and, touching her belly, she could actually feel its shape under her T-shirt. She moved forward, taking small steps, to join Grace and Olivia, who were entering the building.

The reception was empty, as always at this hour of the day. Or, well, night. Once upon a time there was always a receptionist for the night shift... then the management decided that they simply cannot afford keeping one in the employ, to a noticeable discontent of the locators. The three girls passed the empty desk, with Grace leading their way to the old elevator, her fast steps making Lily and Olivia struggle to keep up with her. Thankfully, the platform was already on the first floor, so the door opened without delay, allowing the women to enter. Grace, the first one inside, pressed the button for the ninth floor, and then the machine slowly moved.

It took a minute to get there - the elevator was ancient - and Lily kept literally stepping from foot to foot, the initial acceleration increasing her need to pee by orders of magnitude. Grace quite obviously felt the same, bending over slightly and once again putting her hand on her bladder, a frustrated expression on her features. Then, to Lily's surprise, she suddenly unbuckled her belt and undid the button of her jeans, her face brightening with obvious relief. Noticing Lily's gaze, the blonde blushed slightly and shrugged.

"I drank so much during the evening," Grace said, sounding embarrassed, "it's... well, it's kinda uncomfortable." Lily nodded, staring mutely at the bulge in the woman's midsection. It was noticeably bigger than it appeared before, no longer restrained by Grace's tight jeans, it's size sending the redhead's heart into overdrive. She couldn't help but stare at it.

Then the door finally opened and the girls left the elevator, walking down the corridor to their flat, and then Lily suddenly remembered that this night it was her that was tasked with taking care of their keys. She reached to her handbag to fish them out...

...then a treacherous thought entered her mind, without any warning.

She had the keys to their flat, their only keys. Olivia and Grace didn't carry theirs. What if...

...what if she were to misplace them? Or, well, "misplace" them. What then?

Lily pretended to be looking through the contents of her bag, watching Grace squirm beside her from the corner of her eye. The blonde was apparently either no longer willing to - or maybe simply unable to - act stoic. She was stepping from foot to foot constantly, dancing in place in her tight jeans, the button of which remained undone. Her hands were resting against her thighs, glued to her legs, and Lily felt that Grace had to put genuine effort in order to stop her palms from pressing themselves against her crotch. The woman's face was redder than usual and the expression on her face conveyed a sense of urgency Lily hadn't ever before seen from her.

"Well?" Grace said, her voice high-pitched.

"I- I'm looking, right?" Lily kept browsing her handbag, her own bladder yearning for relief... but she could wait longer, couldn't she? If she really had to, that is.

But could Grace? She was Lily's friend, yes... but would there ever again be a chance to see her like that, to see her... There wouldn't be, would there? Lily's thoughts were racing in her head, her own urge to relieve herself suddenly relocated to the edges of her attention.

Her lust warred with empathy in her heart for a moment, then - suddenly, unexpectedly - the redhead came to a decision.

"I..." she began, making her voice sound hesitant, "I don't think I have them. The keys, I mean."

"What?" Olivia said, turning her head towards Lily from where she was leaning against the wall.

Grace opened her eyes wider.

"What?" she repeated after the brunette. "Lily, you do have the keys, you locked the door when we left, remember? Look again!"

"Well, I had the keys," Lily said, pretending to be once more searching her bag, "but I kinda don't have them now." She paused for a moment, then started looking through her pockets, knowing perfectly well that the keys to their apartment were just in her reach, safe at the very bottom of her handbag. She could actually see a glint of metal if she looked closely, Lily noticed, carefully moving the bag in such way that Grace wouldn't notice that. She didn't have to worry about Olivia: the girl was by far too drunk to pay attention.

She felt guilty pretending, yet she had made her choice. Hadn't she?

"I put them in my pocket, I think. Maybe... maybe they fell out?"

The pockets of her sweatpants were actually quite deep: there was little chance that anything could just, well, fall out. But if she were to have some real bad luck... Well, it was possible. Lily decided to stick with this story.

"In the bar, maybe," she added. "I was kinda, you know, shifting around on the stool." She punctuated her words by rubbing her knees up and down together for a moment. "Maybe - you know, maybe that was when they slipped out."

Grace kept staring at her for a moment, then glanced at the door, biting her lip. Lily was quite certain she knew how her friend was feeling right then: the bathroom, her own bathroom, was literally just a few feet away... but there was a locked door in the way, and no way to open it.

"I - hic - I have the number to the management," Olivia said, pulling out her phone. "We can call them and they'll send someone."

"Do you think they answer calls at this time of the day?" Grace asked, her voice crisp.

"They probably don't," the redhead commented, watching Olivia put her phone to her ear.

Lily and Grace waited, staring intently at Olivia, both of them stepping from foot to foot as their bladders throbbed inside them. Both were rather hopeful... though Grace was unknowingly hoping for an entirely different result than Lily herself, the shorter girl thought, still feeling some guilt about that. Yet her eyes were drawn to the blonde, however much effort she was putting into trying not to stare: the protrusion in Grace's abdomen, the size of it, was outright captivating. Lily didn't think she had ever seen a bladder bulge like that. In some videos, maybe, but not in the real world.

How had Grace even managed to keep her tight jeans buttoned up while driving home, the woman wondered. It had to be sheer torture, self-inflicted at that. Though now the blonde was squirming more openly than before, despite having her trousers unbuttoned. Whether that was due to the relative privacy of the corridor - Grace was almost at home, almost - or the relative proximity to her own bathroom, Lily didn't know.

Then Olivia scowled and put her phone away.

"No one's taking the - hic - the call," she said, sounding annoyed.

"I don't think they have anyone working the night shift," Lily said. "They're cutting costs, remember?" And also increasing the rent, but that was neither here nor there.

"I don't want to sleep on the floor," Olivia said, grimacing, glancing at the dirty linoleum.

"And I would like to visit the bathroom before going to sleep," Grace said in a casual tone that bellied the tight expression on her face.

"And Grace has to pee," Olivia repeated after her.

"I don't have to pee," the blonde argued. Her hands were still pressed hard against her thighs and her legs were crossed. "But I could certainly use a pee," she added pevishly.

So could Lily... though the redhead would more likely say that she actually had to pee, quite badly at that. What were they going to do, she wondered, suddenly troubled. When she had decided to pretend that she had lost the keys, Lily didn't actually think that far ahead, it was just a decision made in the spur of a moment.

Because they actually did need a place to sleep... and Lily needed to piss out all that beer she had drank.

"Let's go to Noah's," Olivia said, her face hopeful. "Come on, girls, we can't sleep on the floor! They'll - hic - they'll find a bed for us..." she paused, "or a mat- mattress, at least," she finished lamely.

"We have to go to work tomorrow," Grace said, "me and Lily."

"So?" Olivia said. "We're - hic - we're going to spend the night, then we can call a locksmith in the morning."

It would take something like half an hour to get to Noah's appartment, Lily thought, still squirming. During the day, at least: at night it might be a bit quicker.

"It could work," Lily said, glancing at Grace. There was some sweat on the blonde's forehead... and she was fidgeting just as badly as the redhead herself was, which was a sight to behold. "And I want to use the bathroom, I don't want to pee outside," she added.

She left unsaid that she simply couldn't wait until the morning, since it was obvious.

Equally obvious was the fact that Grace certainly wouldn't be able to hold it that long as well.

(It was mad what she was doing, a thought occurred to Lily. Her friend was looking to be bursting at the seams, her slim body shifting around all the time, the bulge in her abdomen shockingly large... yet instead of helping her find a place to relieve herself, instead of just opening the door for them, Lily was lying and delaying her relief. What... what if Grace was to, well, wet herself? But the image her brain created when she imagined that caused a flood of arousal to wash out any traces of guilt still remaining in her mind.)

There was a grimace on the blonde's face as she considered the idea, and her palms were still pressed very tightly to her thighs. Then...

"Okay," Grace said without any further comment, suddenly changing her mind. "Okay, let's go to your boyfriend's place." She turned on the spot and marched towards the elevator, leaving Lily and Olivia scrambling to follow her. The latter was cheering out loud - "Yay!" - while the former didn't allow her satisfaction to show on her face, even if Grace's back was turned to her.

They took the elevator back to the first floor and walked out of the building - well, almost run out of the building, considering the tempo Grace had set - before getting into the blonde's Toyota. Olivia once again sat in the back, while Lily took the place in the front. The moment she sat down and closed the door the redhead allowed her right hand to plunge between her legs, pressing it tightly to her crotch, the fullness of her bladder much more difficult to ignore when she was sitting down than when she had been standing and walking. It occurred to her suddenly that by deciding to force Grace to hold it until they got to Noah's she had also forced herself to hold it longer. She had known that before, of course, intellectually, but it was only when Grace had turned the engine on and backed out of the parking spot that Lily realized just how difficult it was going to be, to hold her pee for another half an hour.

She was honestly bursting, she could hardly recall having had to pee just so bad.

But Grace was just as desperate as Lily, most likely even more, and that thought fueled the redhead's determination. She would hold it as long as necessary if only it meant prolonging Grace's torment, Lily thought.

It occurred to her that it was somewhat amusing: that by doing her best to break a woman with an iron bladder she herself was apparently becoming a woman with a bladder of steel.

(To prolong Grace's torment? To break a woman with an iron bladder? Was that how she was thinking about her friend, some part of her mind wondered, horrified. But it was only a small part, easy to ignore.)

They drove back the way they came and when, some minutes later, they reached a crossroad with a red light, Grace had actually moved her right hand from the steering wheel to her crotch. To her crotch! - not just to her abdomen, like before, but literally to her crotch. Lily was staring, she knew, but she honestly didn't care, the combination of her arousal and the alcohol in her veins doing away with her common sense. Thankfully, Grace was by far too desperate to notice: she didn't seem to be paying the redhead any attention, instead biting her lip and fanning her legs in and out.

Then the light turned green and the woman was forced to bring her hand back to the steering wheel, her expression tight.

They encounted a string of red lights on their way - just Grace's luck, or maybe Lily's luck - and the blonde kept plunging her hand between her legs every time she was forced to stop the car. She was sweating badly, Lily noticed... and so, for that matter, was the redhead, who was squirming just as badly as her friend. Olivia, sitting in the back, seemed not to notice, most likely not paying them any attention. Glancing in the mirror, Lily saw the brunette once again typing something on her phone, a wide smile on her flushed face. Olivia certainly wouldn't be having much sleep tonight, it occurred to her.

Then, while waiting for yet another light to turn green, Lily's bladder suddenly gave a pang, abruptly trying to squeeze its contents out of the girl's body, and the redhead groaned slightly, bending forward and pressing her hand to her crotch with all her strength.

"I want to pee so fucking bad," she heard herself saying, the words leaving her mouth on their own accord.

"So do I," Grace said, her voice quiet and tense. Then, to Lily's surprise, she continued. "I frankly don't remember the last time I wanted to pee so bad. Seriously, I'm... I'm honestly bursting." The last word was even quieter than the rest... though not quiet enought for Olivia not to hear her.

"Just stop the car - hic - stop the car and pee," the brunette said. "Why do you fucking keep holding it?"

"It's literally just ten more minutes," Grace said firmly, in spite of her grimace. The light had turned green and she drove forward, once again forced to move her hand from her crotch to the steering wheel: an act that quite obviously required a bit of willpower on her part, judging from the expression on her face. "I can stand it for ten minutes, it's not an emergency." (Wasn't it? Lily thought, her own palm pressed to her own crotch.)

"Come on, you always do that," Olivia insisted, sounding a bit aggressive. "Oh, I will hold it until we get home. - Oh, it's not a - hic - not a problem. - Oh, I'm not going to use the bathroom, it's dirty. What's the - hic - what's the fucking point?"

"The point is that a grown-up woman can hold it as long as necessary," Grace bit back. Apparently the girl's bulging bladder was wreaking havoc with her calm demeanour. "Not of all us are willing to stoop down to relieving themselves in the bushes, you know - or on the sidewalk," she added, her tone stinging.

"Stoop down? What, too trashy for you?" Olivia said. "Does peeing on the sidewalk make me some sort of trailer trash in your eyes? Everyone has to pee, you know."

"I don't have to pee," Grace said forcefully, raising her voice - and slowing down in front of yet another red light. The blonde didn't move either of her palms from the wheel this time, even though her legs began moving faster, yet in a steady rhythm. The visible swollen bump her bladder made in her abdomen was still unfailing drawing Lily's gaze to itself, with Grace's jeans still unbuttoned - was it even possible for Grace to button them up anymore? Yet the woman, when her pride was challenged, was still able to hold the lake inside her from spilling out without even using her hands. Lily likely wouldn't be able to do the same: however much of her attention Grace's plight was consuming, her own battle with her bladder grew more and more fierce over time. It felt as if, if she were to move her palm away from her crotch, she would piss herself.

But she would hold it, she promised herself, as long as it was necessary.

Yet...

"Mind if I go first?" she said, causing Grace to glance at her, drops of sweat covering the blonde's forehead. "I mean, when we get there. You might be able to hold it as long you have to, but I kinda need to pee right now. I'm seriously bursting, I don't know..." she broke off, not even needing to fake the strain in her voice. "I seriously need to get to the bathroom as soon as possible."

Grace stayed silent for a moment, looking startled - then nodded her head.

"Fine," she said, then bit her lip once again, focused on driving.

She would get to pee soon, Lily rejoiced, and she would have a chance to delay Grace a tiny bit more by holding the bathroom. Or- or maybe more than just a bit more. She was aroused, and while she hadn't leaked a drop of pee, her panties were a bit, erm, wet. She would happily rub one out right now if only provided with a bit of privacy.

Her imagination eagerly provided her with a vision: Lily sitting on the toilet and playing with herself, with Grace waiting outside the door, desperately clutching her bulging bladder and her crotch, pacing. The redhead could always pretend that she needed to shit as well, that would explain her taking her time on the toilet, wouldn't it? Would Grace then plead for her to be quicker about it, or would she stay quiet and suffer in silence? The idea of just waiting there and masturbating while Grace was just - outside - the - door, going out of her mind with desperation, caused Lily's heart to beat faster: that would be amazing. And every orgasm would come sooner than the previous one, because the woman would know that by having her fun she was forcing the blonde to hold it even longer, minute after minute after minute.

She barely noticed that the hand pressed steadily to her crotch began moving on its own accord, rubbing her cunt through the fabric of her sweatpants. Lily immediately stopped the movement when she had realized what she had been doing: drunk or not, horny or not, she simply couldn't be caught masturbating in a situation like that. Moving her legs closer together, pressing them together even tighter, she trapped her own hand between her thighs and forced herself to calm down.

They passed a McDonald's and then turned into a side alley, Noah's apartment building finally coming into view.

*006*2025-02-09 22:48

Chapter 4

Grace closed her eyes when her hands fiddled with the button of her jeans, her lips opening and a grimace distorting her delicate features. Lily was baffled that the blonde was still able to care about details like that... yet care she obviously did, judging from just how much effort - actual, physical effort - she was putting into buttoning up her trousers once again. A second later, and the deed was done, the bulge in the woman's abdomen was pushed in somewhat... even though it was still noticeable to a discerning eye.

That victory came at a price, of course: Grace's body was even more tense than before, and it took the woman another few seconds to slowly straighten her posture, sweat covering her flushed face. She did stand straight at the end, though, with her hands by her sides, not even holding herself.

This certainly made her look a lot better than Lily herself looked, what with the girl's palm pressed to her crotch and her legs moving incessantly. Anyone would be able to tell at a glance that the redhead was dying to relieve herself - and they wouldn't be wrong about that.

Olivia pressed the button once again, and the doorbell rang once more. The music from the inside was loud, though not loud enough to drown the sound out.

It took a minute for the door to open - a minute spend pee dancing for Lily and standing still like a statue for Grace - but then open it did, with Noah standing in the doorway. He was quite obviously drunk, judging from his face and posture - though not drunk enough not to smile brightly at the sight of his girlfriend right there in front him. Olivia seemed to feel quite the same way, judging from her expression.

"Come 'ere," Noah said, ignoring the two other women, wrapping his hands around the brunette's waist the moment she crossed the distance between them.

They hugged and kissed, quite passionately at that, Lily observed with some amusement... which quickly began to sour as the two didn't break off their hug, instead pressing their bodies even tighter and making their kiss even wetter. Soon Noah's hands moved lower, from the small of Olivia's back to her ass, squeezing it through her miniskirt. Ordinarily, Lily would be quite happy for her friend to be welcomed by her boyfriend with so much... enthusiasm... but right now, with her bladder feeling like a heavy ball inside her body, she didn't feel particularly joyous about that.

"Hi," she said instead, loudly, causing the two to finally stop kissing and Noah to look at her, "sorry for coming in unexpectedly." She kept dancing in place while saying that, with her hand still trapped between her legs, even though Noah didn't seem to even notice that, drunk as he was. He smiled at her and, letting go of his girlfriend, closed the distance between them, giving Lily a quick hug. It wasn't particularly tight, yet their bodies were close enough that she could feel the slight bulge in his trousers pressing against her belly. Bloody hell, the redhead thought, apparently it's not just Olivia that's horny tonight if just making out with her gave him a boner. With her own bladder bulge being squeezed against his body, it wasn't a very comfortable hug, all in all.

They separated after a second... thankfully, since it took quite a lot from her to stand still even that long. Noah looked towards Grace, quite obviously intent on hugging her as well, but the blonde preempted him by making a step back. She was still managing to not fidget all that much, Lily noticed, and wasn't even crossing her legs... though she was bent forward a bit, and her expression was agitated.

"Sorry, may we go inside?" Grace asked, not particularly inclined to accept the hug. "I would like to use the, ah, toilet."

Noah seemed surprised for a moment, then smiled once more, grabbing his girlfriend's hand.

"Sure, come on in," he said, pulling Olivia inside and waiting for Lily and Grace to follow. He closed the door behind them, then, still leading Olivia by her hand, moved deeper inside the apartment. They passed a few closed doors, then the open door to the kitchen - that's where the music was coming from, there were three other guys there, drinking and chatting - and finally reached the end of the corridor. Noah opened the door and invited them into his room.

It was quite tiny, truth be told. There was a bed on one side, covered with a comforter, and by the opposite wall there was a desk with a wardrobe beside it. On the desk there was a notebook with YouTube open, and beside it stood a few bottles of water: most of them full, one half-full, one empty. (The sight of water made Lily's bladder send another painful wave, forcing her to squeeze her crotch even harder.) In front of the desk was an old wooden chair, and the linoleum floor looked quite old and unkempt.

Noah quickly sat down on the bed, and Olivia placed herself in his lap - but the two other woman remained in the doorway.

"Sorry," Grace said, standing stiffly behind Lily, "where's the bathroom?"

"Hmm? Oh, it's the door opposite the kitchen," Noah said, moving his lips away from Olivia's neck, his hands still wrapped around her belly.

Grace turned around immediately and moved in the direction they came from, with Lily following in her trail.

"Remember, I go first," Lily reminded her, her steps unusually small.

Grace slowed down slightly, turning her head towards the redhead, her eyes narrowing slightly - then nodded.

"Right," she said.

Has she forgotten, Lily wondered, passing her friend by, or had she hoped that I had forgotten? Well, that didn't really matter, the girl thought, reaching toward the door. It was rather unremarkable - the same brown wood as the other doors in the corridor - but it was the one directly opposite the kitchen. Lily pressed down on the handle... yet the door didn't budge. She tried again, with much the same result, and then once again.

Apparently it was locked.

It was only then that the sound of water running reached her ears, barely audible, with the loud music blaring from behind her. The redhead's bladder cramped slightly, making Lily bite her lip and bend forward a bit - then the wave of urgency passed. A steady sound of rushing water - a shower running?

Fuck.

"It's occupied," Lily said. "I think someone's taking a shower?"

"Yeah, it's Jessica," said one of the guys in the kitchen, leaning against the wall. "Jordan threw up all over her," he laughed loudly, as drunk as the rest of the company.

Lily watched as Grace's rigid yet still - ostensibly - calm expression gave way to something by far more anxious. Momentary disbelief, with a touch of anguish - then, suddenly, and only for a second, something that looked like... panic?

"Are you fucking serious?" the blonde said, moving quickly towards the door and pushing on the handle. Lily was stunned: to hear Grace actually cursing was a rare occurrence. Not that the blonde's anger helped her in any way: the door refused to open despite the woman pulling on the handle a few times.

"She's been there long enough," the same guy commented, watching their struggles. "Probably will be out soon...ish. Are you Noah's friends?"

"Yeah," Lily said, what with Grace staring mutely at the door. "Well, more like Olivia's friends," she added, stepping from foot to foot, her movements obviously grabbing the man's attention.

"I'm Brian," he said, sipping on his beer.

"Lily, and that's Grace."

"You need to, er, pee, right?" Either it was the alcohol making him that blunt, or Lily's desperation was that obvious. Oh, scrap it, it was obvious.

"I'm bursting," the redhead admitted. "We've been at a party... there was a line there, we didn't wait. And Grace won a drinking contest!"

"Have you?" Brian seemed to be moderately interested, even though his words were slightly slurred.

"Yes," Grace answered shortly, the fake calm back on her face. She was standing straight, not even stepping from foot to foot... but her legs were very close, and moving, the woman rubbing her thighs together. She had finally let go of the doorhandle and was keeping her hands by her sides, pressed tightly against her thighs.

"And she hasn't peed yet!" Lily said. Was she slurring her words as well? She wasn't quite sure. "After, like, I don't know, seven beers. And we've been to a bar too!"

Grace gave a forced smile at that - though Brian didn't seem to notice how fake it looked.

"Damn," he said. "So, you, like, seriously have to pee, right?" he paused. "Jessica won't be long, she's been there for - I don't know, maybe like ten minutes already."

"I don't have to pee," the blonde said, her voice lacking conviction, "though, well" - she bit her lip - "I would like to use the bathroom." She was stepping from foot to foot now, Lily observed, though her movements weren't nearly as pronounced as Lily's unashamed pee dancing.

How the hell was she even managing that, keeping this shred of composure about her? Back in the car she was literally squirming in her seat, and that was when her jeans weren't buttoned up. Right now they were, yet she was managing to act almost... well, almost as if she wasn't holding a literal ocean of piss inside her body! The bulge in her abdomen was still noticeable, even with her trousers done up, and wasn't that something! Grace's face was now bright red, and covered with droplets of sweat - even though it wasn't hot here - yet her expression, even if tense, was calm once again, and her posture almost straight.

Lily's own bladder felt heavy inside her, and it was probably making some bulge in her belly too - she didn't dare to touch it and check - but the sheer volume of drinks the blonde was holding inside her was insane. The redhead was, to be truthful, seriously desperate - yet her desperation was overshadowed by her lingering arousal, mixed with some... pride, maybe? That she was still holding it? Because Grace was extremaly desperate, and Lily less so, and wasn't that something? It was the other way around, usually.

She would hold it as long as Grace did, Lily promised herself, her determination hardening. No matter what it took. She drank less, true, so it wasn't a fair contest... but still, how amazing would it feel, to outhold Miss Iron Bladder herself?

"Is Noah in his room?" Brian asked, bringing Lily back to reality. He had been chatting with Grace, she realized, and though the redhead hadn't been paying much attention, she had noticed how clipped the other woman's words were.

Grace nodded, causing the man to turn on the spot and walk towards Noah's room.

"Come on," he said, "you'll hear it when Jessica gets out, no point standing there."

Would they, with the music still blazing from loudspeakers in the kitchen, Lily wondered. But she followed him, and Grace, after a moment of hesitation, followed her.

Olivia was still sitting in Noah's lap, making out with him, heavily... and his hand was under her shirt, groping her breast, squeezing it repeatedly. Lily stopped in the doorway, her eyes wide, but Brian apparently wasn't nearly as shocked, casually strolling in and sitting on Noah's bed, right beside the couple. Dancing in place, the redhead made her way inside the room, sitting in the only chair. The pressure in her bladder noticeably lessened when she sat down, which was rather confusing: before, in the car, sitting made it more difficult to hold.

Having no other place left to sit, Grace took the spot next to Brian, near the edge of the bed. She crossed her legs tightly the very moment she sat down, and her body was bent forward far more than when she was standing. She grimaced while lowering herself to her seat, Lily thought, then a realization hit her: with her tight jeans buttoned-up, it was probably hell for the blonde to sit down like that, the waistline cutting into her bladder harder than before.

This time the woman didn't school her expression as easily as before, biting her lip and contorting her face. It didn't take long before she began rocking back and forth slowly, in a rhythmical fashion.

"You guys really missed each other, didn't you," Brian said, looking at the couple beside him.

They didn't break their kiss to answer him... though Olivia moaned slightly, as if in response - though more likely in reaction to Noah giving her tit a harder squeeze.

Ordinarily, it would be weird to look at them... acting like that... in her presence, Lily observed. But she had known the brunette for more than a year know and had gotten somewhat used to her antics. And she wasn't really sober right now: not as drunk as Olivia, or Noah, but drunk anyway.

And, perhaps the most importantly, she was horny. Her eyes were glued to the sight of Grace squirming silently on the bed, the blonde's expression still miserable. With the way she was sitting, the ball in the woman's abdomen was even more noticeable than before, unfailingly drawing Lily's gaze to itself. The fact that others hadn't commented upon it, hadn't apparently noticed it, was baffling the redhead... though they were drunk... and also most likely not interested in, ah, bulging bladders.

A bladder bulge, one she was actually seeing in real life... and one of the biggest she had actually ever seen! Lily's hand, still trapped between her legs, began to move slightly, rubbing her pussy through the fabric of her sweatpants and her panties. No one would notice anyway, she was quite sure of that: Grace was too desperate, Noah and Jessica were too busy with each other, and Brian... Brian was staring at Olivia's cleavage, even while the latter was literally sitting in her boyfriend's lap.

Then Noah and Olivia finally stopped kissing, both of them panting, and Olivia looked around, her eyes scanning the room, coming to rest at Lily. Damn, the redhead thought, stopping the movement of her hand... though not stopping bouncing on the wooden chair.

The brunette's eyes opened wide.

"Why are you still holding it?" she said, slurring her words. "Go pee."

"The bathroom's taken," Brian said. "Jordan vomited on Jessica, she's showering."

"Then pee in the rubbish bin, I don't know," Olivia insisted. "You look like you're about to fucking wet yourself."

Noah suddenly looked at her as well, a touch of worry in his eyes.

"I'm not," Lily insisted. She wasn't - probably. Hell, she would hold it as long as Grace did, she wouldn't wet herself.

Grace didn't seem to be paying her much attention, too desperate to care, staring at the wall opposite her, biting her lip. Perhaps she was happy that they weren't talking about her right now, Lily wondered. With her pride and decorum - well, with her usual decorum - she wouldn't like this kind of attention.

And she was certainly closer to exploding than Lily was, judging from her strained expression.

"Don't ruin the floor," Noah said, his voice pleading.

"I'm not going to," Lily bit back, forcing herself to stop fidgeting for a moment to prove her point. "Can I smoke here?" she asked, trying to change the topic.

The man hesitated for a moment, then shrugged. It looked a bit comical since his hands were still underneath Olivia's shirt, holding her breasts.

Lily reached into her handbag and pulled out her last cigarette from her last pack, lighting it and inhaling the smoke deeply. Then her legs started moving again, almost on their own accord, in and out, her knees knocking together furiously.

Noah's palms started to rhythmically squeeze Olivia's tits once again, yet the brunette kept staring at Lily, not reacting to her boyfriend's touch. Then, without any warning, she moved to stand up, forcing Noah to remove his hands from underneath her top.

"Come on," she said, seemingly a bit unsteady on her feet, grabbing the man's hand and pulling him up. "Let's get - hic - get that girl out of the bathroom before Lily pisses her panties."

She led him out of the room, and then, a moment later, Lily could hear her banging on the bathroom door: "Come on, people want to pee!" Brian laughed out loud and even Lily smirked. Glancing at Grace, she saw the corners of the woman's lips move upwards a bit - but it was momentary, and then the tiny smile quickly vanished from the blonde's face. She was moving quicker than before, back and forth, back and forth, and her palms were pressed to her thighs so hard that it had to be outright painful.

Brian seemed to finally notice Grace's fidgeting, looking at her with her eyes wide. I can see what he's thinking, Lily thought, finishing her cigarette. He's decided that it's Grace who's more at the risk of wetting herself than me.

And he likely was right about that, too.

Olivia banged on the locked door a few more times, to a loud laughter coming from Noah's friends, then stopped. She and her boyfriend didn't return to Noah's room, apparently joining the crowd in the kitchen.

"So..." Brian began, then faltered, looking between Lily and Grace. It was probably weird for him to be in the room with two girls who were visibly going out of their minds with pee desperation. "I mean... she's probably going to be done soon, you know."

"Yeah," Lily said, still holding herself desperately between her legs. Grace didn't say anything.

"Maybe I'll go join the guys in the kitchen," the man said, getting up from the bed, "I'll... ah, I'll let you wait here."

He walked out of the room hurriedly.

A moment passed - then Grace looked up, towards the door - then she quickly moved her palms from her thighs to her crotch. Her fake calm disappeared, a pained expression replacing it, and now she was rocking on the bed at a much quicker pace: back and forth, back and forth.

Perhaps a minute later the blonde suddenly moved her hands to her belt, tinkering with the button of her jeans, and, after a moment of struggle - rather painful struggle, judging the face she made - she had undone it.

"Oof..." she exhaled, slowly toning down on her squirming, relief visible on her face.

The protrusion in her abdomen once more grew to its full size, no longer imprisoned by the waistband of her trousers, once again shocking Lily. It honestly looked as if Grace had swallowed a watermelon whole, a watermelon that somehow got stuck inside her belly, just above her crotch, that's how much the woman's bladder was distending her stomach. How, just how was she even able to keep all that piss in? Lily had stopped fidgeting for a moment, from the sheer shock at the sight in front of her, only to resume her movements a few seconds later. Unconsciously, she began slowly rubbing her crotch with her palm once more, barely attentive enough to notice her own action.

"I want to pee so bad," Lily said, staring at Grace.

"Me too," the other woman said - whimpered, almost - in response. "I honestly don't remember the last time I was so fucking full." So fucking full. Wow, Lily thought.

"You drank more than I did," Lily observed.

"I should have gone to the bathroom at the party," Grace said, "but it wasn't so bad then. Then it was bad when we were at the bar, but I could have held until we got home - I did - but then we lost the freaking keys..." She sounded actually worried.

We have lost the keys, Lily thought, not you have lost the keys. Grace wasn't even blaming Lily. A sudden wave of guilt assaulted her: she hadn't lost the keys, they were right there, at the bottom of her handbag... not that it mattered right now. But she had deceived Grace, intentionally making the situation more difficult for her. Grace had calculated correctly, she was able to stand the pressure until they got home, after all. It was only afterward, when Lily had pretended to have lost the keys, that her desperation skyrocketed.

But it didn't matter right now, did it? The keys wouldn't help them now.

A few minutes passed in silence, occasionally interrupted by Grace cursing under her breath, then the blonde suddenly rose from the bed and removed her hands from her crotch. Slowly straightening her posture, she walked out of the room. A moment later Lily heard the sound of her banging on the bathroom door: "Hello! Are you done yet? I would like to use the bathroom!" There was a response, though the sound was too muffled for Lily to discern the words. "You can wash them later, I want to use the bathroom!" Grace said back, sounding angry. Another response followed.

Then the blonde returned to the room, her hands flying to her crotch as soon as she crossed the threshold. She speed-walked to the bed and sat back down, curling herself forward and beginning to rock back and forth once again.

"She's washing her top," she said through her teeth. "She's handwashing it!"

Another wave of urgency struck Lily, her bladder trying to squeeze its contents out, making the girl bend forward and close her eyes. Her hands stopped rubbing her crotch and instead pressed on it as hard as possible...

...and then it passed, her desperation slowly regressing back to what it was before.

"There are stores nearby," she said, "Still open, I mean. We could ask if they will let us use their bathroom?"

Grace looked Lily in the eye for a moment, still squirming on the bed, obviously hesitating.

"She's not going to take all that long," the blonde said, sounding somewhat unconvinced.

"What if she is?" Lily pressed. "And if not a store, then there's that McDonald's we passed by? It's open the whole night, isn't it?" She actually didn't know whether it was - but there had been a line of cars waiting at the drive-thru. "Come on, what if she's going to wash this fucking top for the next hour?"

Grace scrunched her face at the last bit, then turned her head to the side, still squirming in her seat, apparently trying to come to a decision.

"Okay," she said, slowly raising from the bed. Lily rose from her chair too, picking up her handbag from the desk. Neither of the women removed their hands from between their legs... though Grace did that just a moment later, when they left the room and entered the corridor.

They told Olivia they were going out, to a store, then left the apartment, leaving the door unlocked.

Grace didn't bother buttoning up her trousers when leaving the building, Lily noticed, allowing her bladder bulge to stick out from her tummy and her belt to hang loose, despite the public setting. Perhaps she didn't believe she would be able to squeeze her full bladder inside her body without, well, pissing herself?

Notes

This is the second-to-last chapter - only the finale remains. 😉

*008*2025-02-11 13:21

Chapter 5

"Open 24/7", the bright green neon above the door stated. Well, it, erm, didn't, not really: the letter "p" was dark, so in truth it was "Oen 24/7". Still, the store was open. It made Grace quicken her pace, with Lily following in her steps.

The redhead expected that there would many stores still open at this hour, yet the whole street was dark. Apparently she had misjudged slightly how many all-day-round stores were around in the neighbourhood.

The blonde was keeping her hand on her bladder the whole time, as if caressing it, Lily noticed... and she herself wasn't any better, with her right hand stuck its spot between the redhead's legs. Lily's bladder was bulging as well, she had dared to actually check it and touch it after leaving the building. The protrusion wasn't nearly as large as the one Grace was struggling with, but it was there - and wasn't that something! The redhead didn't recall ever being so filled with piss that her bladder was actually noticeably bulging before.

It was the middle of the summer, yet the night felt surprisingly cold, which was wreaking havoc with the girl's bladder, making it twitch and send a pang of urgency every now and then. She wasn't leaking - she never leaked - but it did genuinely feel as if she was on the verge of exploding into her sweatpants. The girl wondered how Grace felt, since the other woman was holding just so much more than herself. She glanced at her friend: the blonde's face was contorted in a grimace... yet it wasn't as red as before, for some reason. Her posture was stiff and bent at the waist, as was Lily's own, and the hand holding her tummy was never leaving its place.

They speed-walked towards the door, both of them making small steps, then opened it, causing a bell to ring. The cashier was an old man, bald and rather exhausted, judging by his looks. Though, truth be told, most night-shift workers looked tired most of the time, Lily thought. He was reading a book when they entered, the sound of the bell made him raise his head. His eyes widened slightly at the sight. Ordinarily, Lily would take it as a compliment... but then he was most likely just shocked at how uncomfortable both women looked. The man looked up and down at each of them, obviously noticing Lily's hand pressed to her crotch, while Grace quickly made her way to the counter.

"Hello," she said, "is there any chance we could use the bathroom, please? It's... a bit of an emergency." Her voice hitched slightly in the middle of the sentence.

The cashier stared mutely at her for a few seconds, then slowly shook his head.

"Sorry, girl," he said, "employees only."

"Please? There are no other places open, we both really want to-" she paused "-really need to use the bathroom." She stepped from foot to foot.

The man puckered his lips.

"I said 'no'," he repeated, his tone firm. "There are cameras here, girl," he added, sounding more apologetic, "the boss would have my skin if I let you."

Grace bit her lip again, her blond hair sticking to her forehead. It fascinated Lily that the woman's face was no longer as flushed as it was before; it was strange. Was walking around making it easier for her to hold her pee?

"Even if we buy something?" Lily asked, pee dancing in place, bringing his attention to herself.

"Sorry," he repeated, looking back to his back.

They left without any goodbye, which was unusually rude for Grace... though judging from her worried expression, she didn't care much at the moment. Looking around the street helplessly, they didn't see any other store open nearby.

If it was just her, Lily would happily pee in the bushes... or, well, fuck that, even just on the sidewalk. There wasn't anyone nearby, and she was seriously desperate, as desperate as she had ever been. But then she had promised herself that she would hold it as long as Grace would, and she intended to keep this promise. Besides, while ordinarily the redhead would have said that Grace would never pee outdoors, she wasn't very inclined to put this belief to a test. With just how desperate the blonde was right now, with how her bladder was jutting out of her belly, the sight of Lily pissing out the lake stored inside her might convince the other girl to follow in her steps.

So, she had to keep holding it.

Though it honestly was just so fuking difficult. When they came to Noah's flat her bladder was sending pangs of urgency every now and then, and there was also the constant feeling of need coming from it. Now, though? Now there was an overwhelming aura of pure urge emanating from her lower belly, and some unusual discomfort on top of that, caused by her stretched bladder pressing against her insides. It honestly felt as if she had swallowed a ball that was now stuck inside her.

Then Grace groaned quietely, bending forward even more and moving her other hand to her crotch. Lily watched, captivated, as the other woman stayed like that for a few seconds, her knees furiously knocking together... then Grace slowly lowered herself to a squatting position, her eyes closed and her face scrunched.

"Fuck," she said quietely.

She looked as if she was about to pee herself, Lily thought, kneading her own crotch, as if Grace was about to wet herself here and then. She stared, with her mouth hanging open, as the other woman kept almost still like that, rocking back and forth very slowly. Seconds passed, one after another, then...

...then Grace carefully rose back to a standing position. Her eyes stayed closer for a moment longer, then she opened them, slowly walking past Lily, in the direction of Noah's flat.

"There's a McDonald's open," Lily said quickly, "we should try there."

"She has to be out of the bathroom now," Grace said... though she stopped walking, crossing her legs immediately, and looked in the direction Lily was pointing at.

"We don't know that," Lily pointed out, "and I really, really have to pee. I can't sit there and hold it, waiting until the bathroom's free, I'm literally about to piss myself!" She wasn't even faking the desperation in her voice.

"So am I!" Grace shot back, momentarily shocking the redhead.

"Then come on, let's go!" Lily said, grabbing Grace's hand and leading her in the other direction. Grace allowed that, and soon they were moving towards the restaurant at the end of the street.

The walk took much longer than it would normally, even though they were both in hurry. Lily, despite trying to get there as soon as possible, was walking slowly: her steps weren't much shorter than usually, but each was taking more time, the uncomfortable weight of her bladder slowing the woman down. Grace, on the other hand, was making her steps very fast, but each was tiny. It took them maybe ten minutes to get to McDonald's, while ordinarily one would expect them to cross the distance in half that time.

Still, they had gotten there - and both were still dry!

There was a queue of three cars in drive-thru lane, which they passed by. The lights in the lobby were on, yet the room was apparently empty... and the door was locked when Grace tried it. She yanked the handle, surprising Lily, then literally banged on the door. There were no employees in sight, so it was all pointless - and shockingly aggressive for the usually calm girl.

"Are you fucking kidding me?" the blonde exclaimed, her voice raised. She yanked the handle once again, to no result, then groaned out loud, bending forward and letting her forehead rest against the glass. Her legs immediately kept moving, fanning in and out as the girl stayed like that for a moment, leaning against the door. A few feet behind her Lily was dancing in place, bent forward as well, her palm never leaving its favored spot between the girl's legs.

Lily's bladder felt like a stone inside her - though no, not like a stone, stones weren't supposed to be pulsating like that. It was sending wave after wave of desperation all over her, each of them making her feel as if she was about to either leak or positively piss herself. The redhead didn't dare touch her abdomen - it felt as if that would worsen things, not improve them - but she was keenly aware of the bulge present there. She had a fucking bladder bulge, for the first time in her life, Lily still couldn't come to terms with that. She would be exhilarated by that if not for the actual pain it was causing her, being the center of discomfort emanating from her stomach.

Though the protrusion in her abdomen couldn't match Grace's, not nearly. The blonde had finally moved away from the door and turned towards Lily, one of her hands between her legs, the other on her belly, craddling her bulge in her palm. Her legs were crossed as she stood and there was actual despair in her expression: something Lily hadn't ever seen in the other woman, usually so stoic. Grace was looking around, scanning their environment, her thighs rubbing rhythmically against each other - and judging from the way despair was slowly shifting towards panic not finding anything helpful around. The blonde's face was no longer red, Lily noticed abruptly, it was pale - paler even than her usual carnation, and still covered in sweat.

Grace's eyes stopped momentarily on the small patch of bushes near the restaurant.

Lily, despite her need being honestly on the verge of overwhelming, was still somehow able to think about prolonging Grace's torment - her own torment too, but that wasn't relevant - said the first thing that came to her mind.

"Maybe they'll let us use the toilet if we ask," she said, thinking on her feet. There was a queue in the drive-thru line, they would have to wait. "There was just one car in the queue," or maybe two, or three, she didn't actually remember, "we can order something and ask..."

"Lily, I can't," Grace said suddenly, raising her voice, stunning the redhead. "I can't wait, I have to pee. Literally, I have to pee right now, in this very moment, I have to freaking piss." As if to punctuate her words she suddenly closed her eyes and doubled over, bending her knees slightly, a heavy grimace distorting her features. It took her a few seconds to regain control, but when she opened her eyes, Grace immediately started moving towards the greenery, her intention very obvious.

"Come on, let's get back," Lily urged her, fighting her own bladder. "We can't pee here, don't you get it! Come on, it's just a few minutes!" Grace ignored her, so Lily moved towards her friend and grabbed her arm, stopping the other woman in her tracks. "We can hold it - Grace, come on!" The look the other woman gave her, overflowing with pure desperation, almost gave her pause, but she didn't let go.

"It's just a few minutes," the redhead repeated, "we can-" then her voice hitched as she felt a leak escape her body, dampening her panties, shocking her. She didn't leak, like - ever. She had to close her eyes, focusing her willpower to make her sphincter shut down even tighter, terrified that she was about to honestly wet herself right there and right then. Her grip on Grace's arm grew tighter too, though that wasn't intentional.

Lily started doubting herself: she wanted to see Grace desperate, as desperate as possible - (she wanted to see her piss herself, even if she wouldn't admit that to herself) - but she wasn't quite willing to pee her pants in order to achieve that.

Or...

...or was she?

It took the redhead a longer moment to make sure she wasn't about to leak anymore, then she opened her eyes, her palm pressed to her crotch even harder than before.

"I'm literally about to explode," she said, her own voice now sounding strange in her ears, "but we can't pee here. We can do it, we can make it back, let's go."

She made a few steps back, pulling Grace after her. The blonde offered no resistance, her hands still in her crotch and cupping her belly

The walk back took them even longer than making their way there - and even making their way there took longer than it ought to have had were their bladders not so very full. They were both struggling to hold the piss inside their bodies just a moment longer, moment after moment after moment, and that made walking quickly quite impossible. Both of them were constantly holding themselves between their legs, and Grace's previously composed demeanor - barely, true, but still, at least somewhat composed - had given way to something that looked like a state of constant panic. Her eyes were looking wildly around, straying to every patch of bushes they passed on their way and every dark alley... yet she hadn't made a move to go there and relieve herself, despite the huge bulge visible in her abdomen, despite how unusually pale her sweat-covered face was, despite her jerky movements and all her fidgeting.

Perhaps the fact that Lily was still intent on holding it somehow motivated Grace? Or maybe she was convinced that Lily would actually stop her? The redhead wouldn't, of course, not physically anyway, and Grace had to have known that. Maybe it was Lily's sheer disapproval at the idea of pissing in public that was shaming Grace into forcing herself to keep that ocean of piss inside her?

(Had Grace been thinking clearly, she would probably be baffled by Lily's behavior, some part of the redhead's mind mused. Lily hadn't ever shown a trace of Grace's own strict attitude towards the bathrooms - she had peed in the bushes a few times in the other woman's presence, as a matter of fact. But with her bladder filled to the brim Grace clearly wasn't able to think clearly, if at all. Nor was Lily, for that matter, both due to her aching abdomen - actually, visibly bulging abdomen - and to her arousal.)

It took them fifteen minutes to get to the twenty-four-hour store they visited shortly after leaving Noah's flat. Back then, the walk from the appartment to the store took them maybe two or three minutes... so right now, given their even worse situation, it would probably take more like five, maybe ten. Lily could almost literally feel the liquid sloshing inside her body, her swollen bladder stretched beyond what she had previously thought to be its limits. It honestly hurt to hold so much... though not enough to make Lily decide to let it go, however tempting that idea was. She was barely able to move forward, making small steps and focusing all her attention on keeping her sphincter tighty locked, both of her hands buried inside her crotch...

...then, just as they were passing the broken neon, "Oen 24/7", some small part of her brain that wasn't entirely consumed by the task of forcing her body to hold her pee even longer whispered a thought into her mind.

She was out of cigarettes, wasn't she? And if they were to stay the night at Noah's place she would have to go out again to buy some anyway.

And there was an open store right there, its door just a few feet away.

Had she been alone, she would have ignored the store and walked by as fast as she could, desperate to reach the bathroom. Well, that wasn't exactly true: ordinarily, whether she would have been alone or not, she would have just peed in the bushes, quite a lot of time ago even, not fought the losing battle with her tortured body. But she wasn't alone, and these weren't ordinary circumstances. Grace was beside her - and beside herself, judging from the looks of her - and going to the store to buy some smokes would delay her even longer.

The redhead glanced to her right, her eyes greedily devouring the image of the pale, desperate blonde shuffling forward beside her. Grace's right hand was between her legs, pressed tightly to her crotch, while her left hand was caressing the enormous bulge her bladder was making in her abdomen. The woman's expression remained panicked, her eyes still scanning their surroundings constantly, as if she was desperately trying to find a place to relieve herself right here and right then. She kept walking, though, following in Lily's footsteps, despite looking like a balloon that was just about to pop.

Pressing her hand even tighter to her own crotch, Lily stopped suddenly.

"I n-need to buy cigarettes," she said, glancing at Grace as the blonde passed her by, causing the other woman to look at her disbelivingly.

"Are you fucking mad?" Grace shot back, slowing down and stopping a foot or so in front of Lily, crossing her legs immediately.

Lily crossed her legs too, as tightly as she could, feeling another small leak reach her panties, her bladder throbbing inside her.

"It's going to take just a- just a moment," Lily said, struggling to form words. "Come on, I don't want to go out just after we get back..."

"I have to pee, Lily," Grace interrupted her forcefully, stepping from foot to foot. "I'm about to fucking piss myself, don't you get it, I can't hold it."

"It's going to take just a minute," Lily pleaded, almost begged. "Seriously, you can do it..."

"You have no idea how badly I need to go! I literally won a freaking holding contest hours ago and still haven't peed after all that time!"

"Please, you can wait a moment longer!"

The grimace on Grace's face somehow grew even more pronounced, then the woman closed her eyes, bending forward slightly. A few second later she opened them again, apparently successfully fighting off another wave of urgency coming from her bladder - or so Lily thought.

"Go!" she said, her tone biting.

She intended to stay here, the redhead realized, and that was no good: she couldn't risk Grace giving up and pissing in the alley, or maybe even just there, on the sidewalk, considering just how desperate the woman looked. Quickly crossing the distance between them, Lily grabbed Grace's arm and gently tugged her towards the store, causing a gasp to leave the blonde's lips.

The old man was still reading his book when they entered. The sound of the bell ringing caused him to look at the door, then his eyes widened: the sight of two women desperately holding their crotches and looking as if they were about to explode with piss probably wasn't an image he had been expecting. He had recognized them, of course, and started to tell them once more that no, they simply couldn't use the store's bathroom before Lily interrupted him.

"A pack of Marlboro Reds, please," she said, fidgeting in front of the counter.

He blinked, once, twice - then slowly rose from his chair, wheezing a bit, reaching to grab the cigarettes.

They stood there, waiting for him to scan the pack, Lily freeing one of her hands to grab her phone from her bag, ready to pay. She wasn't at all concerned with how she looked: squirming desperately, crossing and uncrossing her legs, stepping from foot to foot. The redhead felt her piss pressing on her urethra, fighting to get out, and fought back with all she had... even if she knew that was an uphill battle. It felt as if she was about to piss, or at least leak, any second.

Still, she didn't wet herself. She refused to.

Grace was - she was actually trying to act a bit more composed than before, the startled redhead noticed. The blonde had removed her palm from her crotch and was keeping her hands on her belly, even though she had her legs crossed tightly. Sweat was dropping from her chin onto her sweater, actual droplets of it, and the woman's face was almost white... but she wasn't fidgeting all that much, and that was something that genuinely amazed Lily. Still, it didn't do much to improve the way Grace looked: there was nothing remaining of her usual graceful poise. Anyone looking at her could tell the blonde was as tense as a string seconds away from breaking. Her posture was still noticeably bent forward, the expression on her face was as flustered as it could possibly be, her breathing was rugged... and her belt was still undone, the ungodly bulge in her abdomen sticking literal inches away from her body.

Even so, she was obviously trying to look composed, to look normal, and that was just astonishing.

Then Lily found herself paying for her cigarettes, dancing in place as she did so - and then they were leaving the store, walking as fast as the could towards Noah's flat.

Not very fast, that is.

Walking up the few steps at the building's entrance and then waiting for the elevator to get to the right floor was hell for both of them, pure and unadulterated: Lily leaked once again, just a tiny bit. But then, finally, then they were there, and that was a sudden boost of motivation. It occurred to Lily to remind Grace about her promise - to let the redhead use the bathroom first - but the other woman didn't give her a chance to do that, almost sprinting out of the elevator, walking so fast towards the door that she might as well had been running. Lily followed, her body suddenly deciding that moving quickly was now apparently doable if only it meant getting to the bathroom even slightly faster.

Then Grace was opening the door - it wasn't locked - and sprinting towards the bathroom door...

...only to find herself pulling futily at the handle.

The bathroom was still occupied.

If asked about that maybe half an hour ago, Lily would have said that she would feel overjoyed at the idea of making Grace hold it even longer. Yet right then that wasn't what she felt: instead, despair overcame her. Before, she had been willing to hold it longer, yes, if only that meant making Grace hold it longer as well... but, judging from the almost constant pangs and waves coming from her bladder, she was at her physical limit, or almost there. It hurt, stopping herself from peeing her panties, and the fact that Grace was forced to hold it too was only partially making up for that pain.

The redhead finally reached her friend - the blonde was still tugging forcefully at the handle, cursing loudly, as if hoping that she would be able to tear the door open if she tried hard enough - then she heard the sounds coming from from inside the bathroom.

Moans? And gasps, and the sound of slapping, made by skin mashing against skin.

And Noah's name moaned out loud in a feminine voice. Olivia's voice.

Seriously? The sheer absurdity of it all somehow made its way through the haze of desperation covering Lily's mind. She had known that Olivia was freaking horny this whole evening, and that Noah was horny too, she had seen them making out and almost tearing each other clothes away. But- But why bathroom, of all places, why not their room? Now, now they had to feel like fucking in the bathroom, when two of their friends - Olivia's friends, anyway - were waiting outside literally on the verge of pissing themselves, their bladders similar to balloons stretched to the limits of their capacity. Grace's fucking bladder even looked like a fucking balloon inside her, the way it was bulging out!

The blonde hit the door a few time with her fist, causing no change in the sounds coming from behind it. Then, with a wild expression on her face, slumped against it, moving her hands back to her crotch, both of them, holding it as hard as she could. The guy from before - Brian, maybe, or Blake, or Ryan, Lily couldn't remember - was staring at them with wide eyes.

"Couldn't find a bathroom," the redhead said.

Grace had tears in her eyes, Lily suddenly noticed, actual tears. For some reason, that sight made her act: she moved forward and grabbed the other woman's arm, then pulled her towards Noah's room, at the end of the corridor; Grace resisted for a moment, still holding the handle as if her life depended on it - then she finally let go, allowing herself to be dragged away.

Lily closed the door behind them and moved deeper inside, pacing from the door to the window and back again, now once again holding her crotch with both hands, fighting as hard as she could against her body and her unbelievable urge to piss out the lake she was still holding inside her body. Her distended bladder was constantly trying to force out its contents, to squeeze the piss out of her, sending a stream of pangs of urgency to her brain - yet the redhead was still able to hold on, investing all her willpower into that task. Her damp panties clung to her skin, and they were growing even damper: she was leaking now, a tiny stream of her pee forcing itself through her sphincter, however hard she was clenching it.

Grace, instead of pacing around the room as Lily did, remained by the door, her right hand once again in her crotch and her left hand again holding the ungodly protrusion in her abdomen. She wasn't crossing her legs, though: instead she was furiously jiggling her legs, stopping from foot to foot, bent over at the waist. The blonde was cursing constantly under her breath and her eyes were tightly closed, tears hanging slowly making their way down her pale cheeks, mixing with sweat.

They waited like that for some time - maybe it had been a minute, maybe five minutes, Lily couldn't tell - their bladders throbbing and aching inside her bodies harder than ever before in their whole lives. Then...

...then a loud groan suddenly left Grace's lips, much louder than any sound she had made before, causing Lily to stare at the blonde. The woman abruptly straightened, looking wildly around the room, her expression one of unadulterated panic - until finally her eyes caught the sight of water bottles standing on the desk. One of them was empty, and it was that one that had apparently grabbed the girl's attention. Grace hobbled quickly towards it, desperately unscrewing the cap, then - right there and then, right in front of Lily, who had been standing maybe a foot away - she frenziedly pulled down her jeans and panties in one movement, frantically bringing the bottle's opening to her crotch.

Then a stream of piss exploded from between Grace's legs, loudly hitting the plastic, and Grace moaned. Lily couldn't tear her eyes away, her own desperation suddenly shifting to the edges of her attention. The blonde's stream was thick, increadibly so, and it was barely making it into the bottle - some amount of her pee, droplets mostly, was hitting the floor instead. Her piss was almost clear, looking like pure water... and the woman herself was still emitting something between a moan and a whine from her throat, her eyes closed, a blissful expression upon her face. She kept peeing forcefully as seconds passed, second after second after second, her stream losing none of its potency. The bottle was quater-full, then half-full, then three-quarters full...

...then suddenly it was literally full and overflowing, the 32 oz bottle running out of its capacity, and Grace's piss was now hitting the wooden floor beneath her. The blonde opened her eyes at the new sound and looked down, then yelped - but she hadn't stopped pissing, despite her apparent attempts to do so.

Struck by a sudden wave coming from her own bladder at the sight of another person being actually relieving herself - and also by an equally sudden pang of guilt at the sight of Grace's horrified expression - Lily moved forward, almost leaning against the blonde, then, without thinking, let go.

The feeling was indescribable, overwhealming. Relief so strong that it almost permeated her whole body.

The fabric of the redhead's grey sweatpants immediately darkened, her piss flowing down her legs and splashing on the floor, flowing into the lake made by Grace's pee. The other woman glanced at her momentarily - first at her legs and crotch, then at her face - then averted her eyes, looking down instead, something like shame visible on her flushed face. She kept pissing, though, with the same force as before, even though the bulge her bladder made was now much smaller than it had been before.

The clock ticked, yet they kept relieving themselves, any conscious thoughts drowning in an ocean of blissful relief. Seconds passed - certainly more than one minute - and they just kept pissing, their previously overfilled bladders forcefull emptying themselves right there on the floor. Lily was still looking at Grace, her eyes glued to the sight of the woman's shaved pussy, her arousal still extant even when her feelings were being flooded by a continuous stream of hard relief of long-awaited release.

(Grace's red panties were dry, she noticed idly. She hadn't leaked, somehow.)

Then, perhaps after some two minutes, Lily was done, her stream slowly coming to its end. Her panties and sweatpants were utterly soaked, her trousers now almost entirely dark gray, wet with pee. She had nearly forgotten how it felt, to be actually empty and well, she realized. But...

...but Grace was still pissing. And she pissed, and pissed, and pissed, the stream emanating from her crotch losing none of its strength, even long after Lily herself was done. The redhead was staring, her disbelief at the sight in front of her growing with every passing second - and the seconds kept passing, and Grace kept peeing, still refusing to look at her friend. At some point the woman had set the full bottle on the floor, Lily realized, but she hadn't moved for the other partially empty bottle. There would be no point in that, anyway: the lake of piss was now covering like half of the room's floor, (and Grace was still peeing), so it wouldn't do to switch to another bottle now. Their shoes were wet too: Lily's shoes were wet because her own piss was running down her legs, of course, into her trainers, but she had also been standing in the middle of a huge puddle ocean of piss for literal minutes now.

It was a miracle than none of the guys came to investigate, Lily decided, glancing at the closed door, considering just how loud the sound of Grace's piss splashing against wooden panels was. But she could still hear the music coming from the kitchen, so it was probably drowning out any sounds the two of them were making.

It took a longer while for Grace to be finally done: more than two minutes, maybe three, maybe even longer. When her stream finally tapered off the blonde girl kept looking mutely at the floor. Her face was once again red, Lily noticed, not white, and the woman was panting, her breathing noticeably rugged.

Silence reigned for a few uncomfortable moments.

"Noah... Noah probably has towels somewhere," Lily said, glancing at the wardrobe, doing her best to sound normal, "we should- we should clean this up."

"And," she added, seeing Grace still not raising her head to look at her, "and we can say that I've made that mess, you know. I wet myself, your clothes are dry, we can tell them that it was just, ah, me." She looked around, her eyes still wide at the sight of the huge lake she was standing in the middle of.

Notes

This is the final chapter. As I'm posting this, the post with Chapter 4 still awaits mod approval, so both chapters will likely go live at the same time. Eh, there go my pathetic attempts at building suspense; should've thought about being more active earlier, to hit the minimum post count for unrestricted posting. 😉 Still, waiting until the most recent chapter gets approved before sharing the finale would delay things longer than I'd like, so I'm posting it anyway.

Edit 1: So, that's weird. When I posted Chapter 4 the post got hidden immediately, awaiting mod approval. I expected the same for Chapter 5, but then this post was apparently visible immediately... so I attached Chapter 4 in front of it, which caused the whole post to become hidden, awaiting mod approval. I'm fairly certain that something in the text of Chapter 4 causes it to be blacklisted, but I'm not sure what.

Edit 2: Okay, so after removing Chapter 4 from the text the post is still hidden... which is OK, I suppose, since it would be weird for the final chapter to be posted without the previous chapter being available for reading. 😉 Better wait for a mod to approve both.

*010*2025-02-11 22:19

{{6 hours ago, tillend said:

We need the last two chapters！

}}

Since I haven't got the slightest whether a post becoming approved sends a notification to users following the thread, I'm leaving this reminder here to let you know that the rest of story has been posted 😉. Apologies for the unintentional delay with the last two chapters.

