Not the Best of Friends

Author: Calm Cascade

*005*2025-02-08 23:27

Chapter 3

"I have to pee," Olivia moaned from the back.

Grace glanced in the mirror, then looked back at the road. The light was still red - just their luck - causing a small scowl to appear on the blonde's pretty face. The woman moved her legs closer together, then reached down with her hand and rubbed her thigh with her palm.

"We're going to be home in ten minutes," she said, her voice unusually chilly, "you can hold it."

Lily could sympathize with Olivia, she really could. Her own bladder was sending pangs of urgency as well, had been sending them for quite some time by then. But, truth be told, she enjoyed the brunette's predicament so much that it overshadowed her empathy almost completely. Sitting in a car like that, accompanied by two desperate girls... Wow, just wow. She would happily tolerate her own full bladder as long as necessary if that's what it took.

And Grace was desperate by then, Lily was quite sure of that, even if the girl wasn't very vocal about her situation.

"I can't," Olivia said, "I don't know - hic - don't know if I ever had to pee so bad."

The red light turned green and their car moved forward. Grace's eyes flickered to the mirror once more, some concern present in her expression.

"You're not going to wet yourself in the car, are you?"

Apparently a similar situation happened to Grace once, Lily knew, though it was before the three of them met one another. The redhead could easily imagine the whole scene: Grace, with that iron bladder of hers, casually assuming that the other woman was able to hold it as long as necessary too, overestimating her... then paying the price. Quite literally, since she had to pay for having the seat washed.

Too bad that Lily herself hadn't been there to watch that happen.

"I can't," Olivia slurred, causing Lily's heart to skip a beat. "I need to pee. Can you stop the car, please?"

Grace bit her lip, considering.

"Seriously? It's literally ten minutes, can't you..."

"I have to pee!" Olivia interrupted her. Sitting in the front, Lily couldn't see the brunette, but there was a bit of panic in her voice. "Come on, Grace!"

"I think there's a gas station on the way, we'll get there in two or three minutes," Grace said.

"Just stop the car, please, anywhere, I can pee in the bushes, please," Olivia pleaded.

Grace grimaced. Whether that was her reaction to the idea of a woman relieving herself in public or just her being annoyed at having to stop the car - or both - Lily didn't know. Or maybe she's frustrated that Olivia gets to pee before she does, the redhead thought, squeezing her legs together.

A minute later, Grace slowed down and parked on the sidewalk, near a small patch of greenery. Olivia barely waited for the car to fully stop before opening the door and jumping out... though she hadn't run to the bushes. Instead she simply squatted by the car, pulling down her skirt and panties, and started peeing immediately. Lily couldn't see much in the side mirror, the open door covering most of the scene, but she certainly could hear what was going on: the brunette was pissing forcefully and her stream was splashing loudly against the sidewalk.

"What?" Grace said, turning her head. "Olivia, you can't just..." She broke off, apparently too shocked to continue. The sound Olivia made when relieving herself didn't make things easier for Grace, Lily noticed, the redhead's eyes flickering between the blonde's face and the side mirror. The woman first brought her legs very close together, rubbing her thighs, then - to Lily's delight - suddenly pressed her palm to her abdomen. The bulge her bladder was making was visible, with Grace's belt much looser than it usually was, but the redhead had literally never before seen Grace act like that.

Olivia ignored her friend's words, still pissing hard, her loud and relieved breathing the only other sound. She continued peeing for more than a minute, causing the two other women to fidget in their seats. Lily's own bladder was forcefully reminding her about just how full it was, causing the woman to momentarily consider following in Olivia's footsteps... but while she was bursting, Lily wasn't that desperate, not yet. And besides, it was fun, in a way, to hold it together with Grace.

Then Olivia was finally done, though she remained in a squat for a moment, her back resting against the door of the car.

"God, I - hic - I needed that."

"Come on, let's be back on the way," Grace said. She was still keeping a palm pressed to her belly, though she moved it back to the steering wheel just a moment later. She kept fanning her legs, though, in and out, even if the movements were minute.

Olivia took her time pulling up her panties and skirt, then finally moved back to her seat, closing the door behind her. (Perhaps she was inspecting them, Lily thought, though probably not, she's too drunk to care.) Grace set off even before the brunette had time to put on her seatbelt, getting them back on the road home.

It actually didn't take even ten minutes for them to get there, perhaps half that time at most. Grace parked the car and turned off the engine, opening the door and stepping out before Lily had even undone her seatbelt. The redhead slowly rose from her own seat and left the vehicle, immediately crossing her legs, forcing herself not to plant her hand between them. Her bladder felt heavy and swollen and, touching her belly, she could actually feel its shape under her T-shirt. She moved forward, taking small steps, to join Grace and Olivia, who were entering the building.

The reception was empty, as always at this hour of the day. Or, well, night. Once upon a time there was always a receptionist for the night shift... then the management decided that they simply cannot afford keeping one in the employ, to a noticeable discontent of the locators. The three girls passed the empty desk, with Grace leading their way to the old elevator, her fast steps making Lily and Olivia struggle to keep up with her. Thankfully, the platform was already on the first floor, so the door opened without delay, allowing the women to enter. Grace, the first one inside, pressed the button for the ninth floor, and then the machine slowly moved.

It took a minute to get there - the elevator was ancient - and Lily kept literally stepping from foot to foot, the initial acceleration increasing her need to pee by orders of magnitude. Grace quite obviously felt the same, bending over slightly and once again putting her hand on her bladder, a frustrated expression on her features. Then, to Lily's surprise, she suddenly unbuckled her belt and undid the button of her jeans, her face brightening with obvious relief. Noticing Lily's gaze, the blonde blushed slightly and shrugged.

"I drank so much during the evening," Grace said, sounding embarrassed, "it's... well, it's kinda uncomfortable." Lily nodded, staring mutely at the bulge in the woman's midsection. It was noticeably bigger than it appeared before, no longer restrained by Grace's tight jeans, it's size sending the redhead's heart into overdrive. She couldn't help but stare at it.

Then the door finally opened and the girls left the elevator, walking down the corridor to their flat, and then Lily suddenly remembered that this night it was her that was tasked with taking care of their keys. She reached to her handbag to fish them out...

...then a treacherous thought entered her mind, without any warning.

She had the keys to their flat, their only keys. Olivia and Grace didn't carry theirs. What if...

...what if she were to misplace them? Or, well, "misplace" them. What then?

Lily pretended to be looking through the contents of her bag, watching Grace squirm beside her from the corner of her eye. The blonde was apparently either no longer willing to - or maybe simply unable to - act stoic. She was stepping from foot to foot constantly, dancing in place in her tight jeans, the button of which remained undone. Her hands were resting against her thighs, glued to her legs, and Lily felt that Grace had to put genuine effort in order to stop her palms from pressing themselves against her crotch. The woman's face was redder than usual and the expression on her face conveyed a sense of urgency Lily hadn't ever before seen from her.

"Well?" Grace said, her voice high-pitched.

"I- I'm looking, right?" Lily kept browsing her handbag, her own bladder yearning for relief... but she could wait longer, couldn't she? If she really had to, that is.

But could Grace? She was Lily's friend, yes... but would there ever again be a chance to see her like that, to see her... There wouldn't be, would there? Lily's thoughts were racing in her head, her own urge to relieve herself suddenly relocated to the edges of her attention.

Her lust warred with empathy in her heart for a moment, then - suddenly, unexpectedly - the redhead came to a decision.

"I..." she began, making her voice sound hesitant, "I don't think I have them. The keys, I mean."

"What?" Olivia said, turning her head towards Lily from where she was leaning against the wall.

Grace opened her eyes wider.

"What?" she repeated after the brunette. "Lily, you do have the keys, you locked the door when we left, remember? Look again!"

"Well, I had the keys," Lily said, pretending to be once more searching her bag, "but I kinda don't have them now." She paused for a moment, then started looking through her pockets, knowing perfectly well that the keys to their apartment were just in her reach, safe at the very bottom of her handbag. She could actually see a glint of metal if she looked closely, Lily noticed, carefully moving the bag in such way that Grace wouldn't notice that. She didn't have to worry about Olivia: the girl was by far too drunk to pay attention.

She felt guilty pretending, yet she had made her choice. Hadn't she?

"I put them in my pocket, I think. Maybe... maybe they fell out?"

The pockets of her sweatpants were actually quite deep: there was little chance that anything could just, well, fall out. But if she were to have some real bad luck... Well, it was possible. Lily decided to stick with this story.

"In the bar, maybe," she added. "I was kinda, you know, shifting around on the stool." She punctuated her words by rubbing her knees up and down together for a moment. "Maybe - you know, maybe that was when they slipped out."

Grace kept staring at her for a moment, then glanced at the door, biting her lip. Lily was quite certain she knew how her friend was feeling right then: the bathroom, her own bathroom, was literally just a few feet away... but there was a locked door in the way, and no way to open it.

"I - hic - I have the number to the management," Olivia said, pulling out her phone. "We can call them and they'll send someone."

"Do you think they answer calls at this time of the day?" Grace asked, her voice crisp.

"They probably don't," the redhead commented, watching Olivia put her phone to her ear.

Lily and Grace waited, staring intently at Olivia, both of them stepping from foot to foot as their bladders throbbed inside them. Both were rather hopeful... though Grace was unknowingly hoping for an entirely different result than Lily herself, the shorter girl thought, still feeling some guilt about that. Yet her eyes were drawn to the blonde, however much effort she was putting into trying not to stare: the protrusion in Grace's abdomen, the size of it, was outright captivating. Lily didn't think she had ever seen a bladder bulge like that. In some videos, maybe, but not in the real world.

How had Grace even managed to keep her tight jeans buttoned up while driving home, the woman wondered. It had to be sheer torture, self-inflicted at that. Though now the blonde was squirming more openly than before, despite having her trousers unbuttoned. Whether that was due to the relative privacy of the corridor - Grace was almost at home, almost - or the relative proximity to her own bathroom, Lily didn't know.

Then Olivia scowled and put her phone away.

"No one's taking the - hic - the call," she said, sounding annoyed.

"I don't think they have anyone working the night shift," Lily said. "They're cutting costs, remember?" And also increasing the rent, but that was neither here nor there.

"I don't want to sleep on the floor," Olivia said, grimacing, glancing at the dirty linoleum.

"And I would like to visit the bathroom before going to sleep," Grace said in a casual tone that bellied the tight expression on her face.

"And Grace has to pee," Olivia repeated after her.

"I don't have to pee," the blonde argued. Her hands were still pressed hard against her thighs and her legs were crossed. "But I could certainly use a pee," she added pevishly.

So could Lily... though the redhead would more likely say that she actually had to pee, quite badly at that. What were they going to do, she wondered, suddenly troubled. When she had decided to pretend that she had lost the keys, Lily didn't actually think that far ahead, it was just a decision made in the spur of a moment.

Because they actually did need a place to sleep... and Lily needed to piss out all that beer she had drank.

"Let's go to Noah's," Olivia said, her face hopeful. "Come on, girls, we can't sleep on the floor! They'll - hic - they'll find a bed for us..." she paused, "or a mat- mattress, at least," she finished lamely.

"We have to go to work tomorrow," Grace said, "me and Lily."

"So?" Olivia said. "We're - hic - we're going to spend the night, then we can call a locksmith in the morning."

It would take something like half an hour to get to Noah's appartment, Lily thought, still squirming. During the day, at least: at night it might be a bit quicker.

"It could work," Lily said, glancing at Grace. There was some sweat on the blonde's forehead... and she was fidgeting just as badly as the redhead herself was, which was a sight to behold. "And I want to use the bathroom, I don't want to pee outside," she added.

She left unsaid that she simply couldn't wait until the morning, since it was obvious.

Equally obvious was the fact that Grace certainly wouldn't be able to hold it that long as well.

(It was mad what she was doing, a thought occurred to Lily. Her friend was looking to be bursting at the seams, her slim body shifting around all the time, the bulge in her abdomen shockingly large... yet instead of helping her find a place to relieve herself, instead of just opening the door for them, Lily was lying and delaying her relief. What... what if Grace was to, well, wet herself? But the image her brain created when she imagined that caused a flood of arousal to wash out any traces of guilt still remaining in her mind.)

There was a grimace on the blonde's face as she considered the idea, and her palms were still pressed very tightly to her thighs. Then...

"Okay," Grace said without any further comment, suddenly changing her mind. "Okay, let's go to your boyfriend's place." She turned on the spot and marched towards the elevator, leaving Lily and Olivia scrambling to follow her. The latter was cheering out loud - "Yay!" - while the former didn't allow her satisfaction to show on her face, even if Grace's back was turned to her.

They took the elevator back to the first floor and walked out of the building - well, almost run out of the building, considering the tempo Grace had set - before getting into the blonde's Toyota. Olivia once again sat in the back, while Lily took the place in the front. The moment she sat down and closed the door the redhead allowed her right hand to plunge between her legs, pressing it tightly to her crotch, the fullness of her bladder much more difficult to ignore when she was sitting down than when she had been standing and walking. It occurred to her suddenly that by deciding to force Grace to hold it until they got to Noah's she had also forced herself to hold it longer. She had known that before, of course, intellectually, but it was only when Grace had turned the engine on and backed out of the parking spot that Lily realized just how difficult it was going to be, to hold her pee for another half an hour.

She was honestly bursting, she could hardly recall having had to pee just so bad.

But Grace was just as desperate as Lily, most likely even more, and that thought fueled the redhead's determination. She would hold it as long as necessary if only it meant prolonging Grace's torment, Lily thought.

It occurred to her that it was somewhat amusing: that by doing her best to break a woman with an iron bladder she herself was apparently becoming a woman with a bladder of steel.

(To prolong Grace's torment? To break a woman with an iron bladder? Was that how she was thinking about her friend, some part of her mind wondered, horrified. But it was only a small part, easy to ignore.)

They drove back the way they came and when, some minutes later, they reached a crossroad with a red light, Grace had actually moved her right hand from the steering wheel to her crotch. To her crotch! - not just to her abdomen, like before, but literally to her crotch. Lily was staring, she knew, but she honestly didn't care, the combination of her arousal and the alcohol in her veins doing away with her common sense. Thankfully, Grace was by far too desperate to notice: she didn't seem to be paying the redhead any attention, instead biting her lip and fanning her legs in and out.

Then the light turned green and the woman was forced to bring her hand back to the steering wheel, her expression tight.

They encounted a string of red lights on their way - just Grace's luck, or maybe Lily's luck - and the blonde kept plunging her hand between her legs every time she was forced to stop the car. She was sweating badly, Lily noticed... and so, for that matter, was the redhead, who was squirming just as badly as her friend. Olivia, sitting in the back, seemed not to notice, most likely not paying them any attention. Glancing in the mirror, Lily saw the brunette once again typing something on her phone, a wide smile on her flushed face. Olivia certainly wouldn't be having much sleep tonight, it occurred to her.

Then, while waiting for yet another light to turn green, Lily's bladder suddenly gave a pang, abruptly trying to squeeze its contents out of the girl's body, and the redhead groaned slightly, bending forward and pressing her hand to her crotch with all her strength.

"I want to pee so fucking bad," she heard herself saying, the words leaving her mouth on their own accord.

"So do I," Grace said, her voice quiet and tense. Then, to Lily's surprise, she continued. "I frankly don't remember the last time I wanted to pee so bad. Seriously, I'm... I'm honestly bursting." The last word was even quieter than the rest... though not quiet enought for Olivia not to hear her.

"Just stop the car - hic - stop the car and pee," the brunette said. "Why do you fucking keep holding it?"

"It's literally just ten more minutes," Grace said firmly, in spite of her grimace. The light had turned green and she drove forward, once again forced to move her hand from her crotch to the steering wheel: an act that quite obviously required a bit of willpower on her part, judging from the expression on her face. "I can stand it for ten minutes, it's not an emergency." (Wasn't it? Lily thought, her own palm pressed to her own crotch.)

"Come on, you always do that," Olivia insisted, sounding a bit aggressive. "Oh, I will hold it until we get home. - Oh, it's not a - hic - not a problem. - Oh, I'm not going to use the bathroom, it's dirty. What's the - hic - what's the fucking point?"

"The point is that a grown-up woman can hold it as long as necessary," Grace bit back. Apparently the girl's bulging bladder was wreaking havoc with her calm demeanour. "Not of all us are willing to stoop down to relieving themselves in the bushes, you know - or on the sidewalk," she added, her tone stinging.

"Stoop down? What, too trashy for you?" Olivia said. "Does peeing on the sidewalk make me some sort of trailer trash in your eyes? Everyone has to pee, you know."

"I don't have to pee," Grace said forcefully, raising her voice - and slowing down in front of yet another red light. The blonde didn't move either of her palms from the wheel this time, even though her legs began moving faster, yet in a steady rhythm. The visible swollen bump her bladder made in her abdomen was still unfailing drawing Lily's gaze to itself, with Grace's jeans still unbuttoned - was it even possible for Grace to button them up anymore? Yet the woman, when her pride was challenged, was still able to hold the lake inside her from spilling out without even using her hands. Lily likely wouldn't be able to do the same: however much of her attention Grace's plight was consuming, her own battle with her bladder grew more and more fierce over time. It felt as if, if she were to move her palm away from her crotch, she would piss herself.

But she would hold it, she promised herself, as long as it was necessary.

Yet...

"Mind if I go first?" she said, causing Grace to glance at her, drops of sweat covering the blonde's forehead. "I mean, when we get there. You might be able to hold it as long you have to, but I kinda need to pee right now. I'm seriously bursting, I don't know..." she broke off, not even needing to fake the strain in her voice. "I seriously need to get to the bathroom as soon as possible."

Grace stayed silent for a moment, looking startled - then nodded her head.

"Fine," she said, then bit her lip once again, focused on driving.

She would get to pee soon, Lily rejoiced, and she would have a chance to delay Grace a tiny bit more by holding the bathroom. Or- or maybe more than just a bit more. She was aroused, and while she hadn't leaked a drop of pee, her panties were a bit, erm, wet. She would happily rub one out right now if only provided with a bit of privacy.

Her imagination eagerly provided her with a vision: Lily sitting on the toilet and playing with herself, with Grace waiting outside the door, desperately clutching her bulging bladder and her crotch, pacing. The redhead could always pretend that she needed to shit as well, that would explain her taking her time on the toilet, wouldn't it? Would Grace then plead for her to be quicker about it, or would she stay quiet and suffer in silence? The idea of just waiting there and masturbating while Grace was just - outside - the - door, going out of her mind with desperation, caused Lily's heart to beat faster: that would be amazing. And every orgasm would come sooner than the previous one, because the woman would know that by having her fun she was forcing the blonde to hold it even longer, minute after minute after minute.

She barely noticed that the hand pressed steadily to her crotch began moving on its own accord, rubbing her cunt through the fabric of her sweatpants. Lily immediately stopped the movement when she had realized what she had been doing: drunk or not, horny or not, she simply couldn't be caught masturbating in a situation like that. Moving her legs closer together, pressing them together even tighter, she trapped her own hand between her thighs and forced herself to calm down.

They passed a McDonald's and then turned into a side alley, Noah's apartment building finally coming into view.

*006*2025-02-09 22:48

Chapter 4

Grace closed her eyes when her hands fiddled with the button of her jeans, her lips opening and a grimace distorting her delicate features. Lily was baffled that the blonde was still able to care about details like that... yet care she obviously did, judging from just how much effort - actual, physical effort - she was putting into buttoning up her trousers once again. A second later, and the deed was done, the bulge in the woman's abdomen was pushed in somewhat... even though it was still noticeable to a discerning eye.

That victory came at a price, of course: Grace's body was even more tense than before, and it took the woman another few seconds to slowly straighten her posture, sweat covering her flushed face. She did stand straight at the end, though, with her hands by her sides, not even holding herself.

This certainly made her look a lot better than Lily herself looked, what with the girl's palm pressed to her crotch and her legs moving incessantly. Anyone would be able to tell at a glance that the redhead was dying to relieve herself - and they wouldn't be wrong about that.

Olivia pressed the button once again, and the doorbell rang once more. The music from the inside was loud, though not loud enough to drown the sound out.

It took a minute for the door to open - a minute spend pee dancing for Lily and standing still like a statue for Grace - but then open it did, with Noah standing in the doorway. He was quite obviously drunk, judging from his face and posture - though not drunk enough not to smile brightly at the sight of his girlfriend right there in front him. Olivia seemed to feel quite the same way, judging from her expression.

"Come 'ere," Noah said, ignoring the two other women, wrapping his hands around the brunette's waist the moment she crossed the distance between them.

They hugged and kissed, quite passionately at that, Lily observed with some amusement... which quickly began to sour as the two didn't break off their hug, instead pressing their bodies even tighter and making their kiss even wetter. Soon Noah's hands moved lower, from the small of Olivia's back to her ass, squeezing it through her miniskirt. Ordinarily, Lily would be quite happy for her friend to be welcomed by her boyfriend with so much... enthusiasm... but right now, with her bladder feeling like a heavy ball inside her body, she didn't feel particularly joyous about that.

"Hi," she said instead, loudly, causing the two to finally stop kissing and Noah to look at her, "sorry for coming in unexpectedly." She kept dancing in place while saying that, with her hand still trapped between her legs, even though Noah didn't seem to even notice that, drunk as he was. He smiled at her and, letting go of his girlfriend, closed the distance between them, giving Lily a quick hug. It wasn't particularly tight, yet their bodies were close enough that she could feel the slight bulge in his trousers pressing against her belly. Bloody hell, the redhead thought, apparently it's not just Olivia that's horny tonight if just making out with her gave him a boner. With her own bladder bulge being squeezed against his body, it wasn't a very comfortable hug, all in all.

They separated after a second... thankfully, since it took quite a lot from her to stand still even that long. Noah looked towards Grace, quite obviously intent on hugging her as well, but the blonde preempted him by making a step back. She was still managing to not fidget all that much, Lily noticed, and wasn't even crossing her legs... though she was bent forward a bit, and her expression was agitated.

"Sorry, may we go inside?" Grace asked, not particularly inclined to accept the hug. "I would like to use the, ah, toilet."

Noah seemed surprised for a moment, then smiled once more, grabbing his girlfriend's hand.

"Sure, come on in," he said, pulling Olivia inside and waiting for Lily and Grace to follow. He closed the door behind them, then, still leading Olivia by her hand, moved deeper inside the apartment. They passed a few closed doors, then the open door to the kitchen - that's where the music was coming from, there were three other guys there, drinking and chatting - and finally reached the end of the corridor. Noah opened the door and invited them into his room.

It was quite tiny, truth be told. There was a bed on one side, covered with a comforter, and by the opposite wall there was a desk with a wardrobe beside it. On the desk there was a notebook with YouTube open, and beside it stood a few bottles of water: most of them full, one half-full, one empty. (The sight of water made Lily's bladder send another painful wave, forcing her to squeeze her crotch even harder.) In front of the desk was an old wooden chair, and the linoleum floor looked quite old and unkempt.

Noah quickly sat down on the bed, and Olivia placed herself in his lap - but the two other woman remained in the doorway.

"Sorry," Grace said, standing stiffly behind Lily, "where's the bathroom?"

"Hmm? Oh, it's the door opposite the kitchen," Noah said, moving his lips away from Olivia's neck, his hands still wrapped around her belly.

Grace turned around immediately and moved in the direction they came from, with Lily following in her trail.

"Remember, I go first," Lily reminded her, her steps unusually small.

Grace slowed down slightly, turning her head towards the redhead, her eyes narrowing slightly - then nodded.

"Right," she said.

Has she forgotten, Lily wondered, passing her friend by, or had she hoped that I had forgotten? Well, that didn't really matter, the girl thought, reaching toward the door. It was rather unremarkable - the same brown wood as the other doors in the corridor - but it was the one directly opposite the kitchen. Lily pressed down on the handle... yet the door didn't budge. She tried again, with much the same result, and then once again.

Apparently it was locked.

It was only then that the sound of water running reached her ears, barely audible, with the loud music blaring from behind her. The redhead's bladder cramped slightly, making Lily bite her lip and bend forward a bit - then the wave of urgency passed. A steady sound of rushing water - a shower running?

Fuck.

"It's occupied," Lily said. "I think someone's taking a shower?"

"Yeah, it's Jessica," said one of the guys in the kitchen, leaning against the wall. "Jordan threw up all over her," he laughed loudly, as drunk as the rest of the company.

Lily watched as Grace's rigid yet still - ostensibly - calm expression gave way to something by far more anxious. Momentary disbelief, with a touch of anguish - then, suddenly, and only for a second, something that looked like... panic?

"Are you fucking serious?" the blonde said, moving quickly towards the door and pushing on the handle. Lily was stunned: to hear Grace actually cursing was a rare occurrence. Not that the blonde's anger helped her in any way: the door refused to open despite the woman pulling on the handle a few times.

"She's been there long enough," the same guy commented, watching their struggles. "Probably will be out soon...ish. Are you Noah's friends?"

"Yeah," Lily said, what with Grace staring mutely at the door. "Well, more like Olivia's friends," she added, stepping from foot to foot, her movements obviously grabbing the man's attention.

"I'm Brian," he said, sipping on his beer.

"Lily, and that's Grace."

"You need to, er, pee, right?" Either it was the alcohol making him that blunt, or Lily's desperation was that obvious. Oh, scrap it, it was obvious.

"I'm bursting," the redhead admitted. "We've been at a party... there was a line there, we didn't wait. And Grace won a drinking contest!"

"Have you?" Brian seemed to be moderately interested, even though his words were slightly slurred.

"Yes," Grace answered shortly, the fake calm back on her face. She was standing straight, not even stepping from foot to foot... but her legs were very close, and moving, the woman rubbing her thighs together. She had finally let go of the doorhandle and was keeping her hands by her sides, pressed tightly against her thighs.

"And she hasn't peed yet!" Lily said. Was she slurring her words as well? She wasn't quite sure. "After, like, I don't know, seven beers. And we've been to a bar too!"

Grace gave a forced smile at that - though Brian didn't seem to notice how fake it looked.

"Damn," he said. "So, you, like, seriously have to pee, right?" he paused. "Jessica won't be long, she's been there for - I don't know, maybe like ten minutes already."

"I don't have to pee," the blonde said, her voice lacking conviction, "though, well" - she bit her lip - "I would like to use the bathroom." She was stepping from foot to foot now, Lily observed, though her movements weren't nearly as pronounced as Lily's unashamed pee dancing.

How the hell was she even managing that, keeping this shred of composure about her? Back in the car she was literally squirming in her seat, and that was when her jeans weren't buttoned up. Right now they were, yet she was managing to act almost... well, almost as if she wasn't holding a literal ocean of piss inside her body! The bulge in her abdomen was still noticeable, even with her trousers done up, and wasn't that something! Grace's face was now bright red, and covered with droplets of sweat - even though it wasn't hot here - yet her expression, even if tense, was calm once again, and her posture almost straight.

Lily's own bladder felt heavy inside her, and it was probably making some bulge in her belly too - she didn't dare to touch it and check - but the sheer volume of drinks the blonde was holding inside her was insane. The redhead was, to be truthful, seriously desperate - yet her desperation was overshadowed by her lingering arousal, mixed with some... pride, maybe? That she was still holding it? Because Grace was extremaly desperate, and Lily less so, and wasn't that something? It was the other way around, usually.

She would hold it as long as Grace did, Lily promised herself, her determination hardening. No matter what it took. She drank less, true, so it wasn't a fair contest... but still, how amazing would it feel, to outhold Miss Iron Bladder herself?

"Is Noah in his room?" Brian asked, bringing Lily back to reality. He had been chatting with Grace, she realized, and though the redhead hadn't been paying much attention, she had noticed how clipped the other woman's words were.

Grace nodded, causing the man to turn on the spot and walk towards Noah's room.

"Come on," he said, "you'll hear it when Jessica gets out, no point standing there."

Would they, with the music still blazing from loudspeakers in the kitchen, Lily wondered. But she followed him, and Grace, after a moment of hesitation, followed her.

Olivia was still sitting in Noah's lap, making out with him, heavily... and his hand was under her shirt, groping her breast, squeezing it repeatedly. Lily stopped in the doorway, her eyes wide, but Brian apparently wasn't nearly as shocked, casually strolling in and sitting on Noah's bed, right beside the couple. Dancing in place, the redhead made her way inside the room, sitting in the only chair. The pressure in her bladder noticeably lessened when she sat down, which was rather confusing: before, in the car, sitting made it more difficult to hold.

Having no other place left to sit, Grace took the spot next to Brian, near the edge of the bed. She crossed her legs tightly the very moment she sat down, and her body was bent forward far more than when she was standing. She grimaced while lowering herself to her seat, Lily thought, then a realization hit her: with her tight jeans buttoned-up, it was probably hell for the blonde to sit down like that, the waistline cutting into her bladder harder than before.

This time the woman didn't school her expression as easily as before, biting her lip and contorting her face. It didn't take long before she began rocking back and forth slowly, in a rhythmical fashion.

"You guys really missed each other, didn't you," Brian said, looking at the couple beside him.

They didn't break their kiss to answer him... though Olivia moaned slightly, as if in response - though more likely in reaction to Noah giving her tit a harder squeeze.

Ordinarily, it would be weird to look at them... acting like that... in her presence, Lily observed. But she had known the brunette for more than a year know and had gotten somewhat used to her antics. And she wasn't really sober right now: not as drunk as Olivia, or Noah, but drunk anyway.

And, perhaps the most importantly, she was horny. Her eyes were glued to the sight of Grace squirming silently on the bed, the blonde's expression still miserable. With the way she was sitting, the ball in the woman's abdomen was even more noticeable than before, unfailingly drawing Lily's gaze to itself. The fact that others hadn't commented upon it, hadn't apparently noticed it, was baffling the redhead... though they were drunk... and also most likely not interested in, ah, bulging bladders.

A bladder bulge, one she was actually seeing in real life... and one of the biggest she had actually ever seen! Lily's hand, still trapped between her legs, began to move slightly, rubbing her pussy through the fabric of her sweatpants and her panties. No one would notice anyway, she was quite sure of that: Grace was too desperate, Noah and Jessica were too busy with each other, and Brian... Brian was staring at Olivia's cleavage, even while the latter was literally sitting in her boyfriend's lap.

Then Noah and Olivia finally stopped kissing, both of them panting, and Olivia looked around, her eyes scanning the room, coming to rest at Lily. Damn, the redhead thought, stopping the movement of her hand... though not stopping bouncing on the wooden chair.

The brunette's eyes opened wide.

"Why are you still holding it?" she said, slurring her words. "Go pee."

"The bathroom's taken," Brian said. "Jordan vomited on Jessica, she's showering."

"Then pee in the rubbish bin, I don't know," Olivia insisted. "You look like you're about to fucking wet yourself."

Noah suddenly looked at her as well, a touch of worry in his eyes.

"I'm not," Lily insisted. She wasn't - probably. Hell, she would hold it as long as Grace did, she wouldn't wet herself.

Grace didn't seem to be paying her much attention, too desperate to care, staring at the wall opposite her, biting her lip. Perhaps she was happy that they weren't talking about her right now, Lily wondered. With her pride and decorum - well, with her usual decorum - she wouldn't like this kind of attention.

And she was certainly closer to exploding than Lily was, judging from her strained expression.

"Don't ruin the floor," Noah said, his voice pleading.

"I'm not going to," Lily bit back, forcing herself to stop fidgeting for a moment to prove her point. "Can I smoke here?" she asked, trying to change the topic.

The man hesitated for a moment, then shrugged. It looked a bit comical since his hands were still underneath Olivia's shirt, holding her breasts.

Lily reached into her handbag and pulled out her last cigarette from her last pack, lighting it and inhaling the smoke deeply. Then her legs started moving again, almost on their own accord, in and out, her knees knocking together furiously.

Noah's palms started to rhythmically squeeze Olivia's tits once again, yet the brunette kept staring at Lily, not reacting to her boyfriend's touch. Then, without any warning, she moved to stand up, forcing Noah to remove his hands from underneath her top.

"Come on," she said, seemingly a bit unsteady on her feet, grabbing the man's hand and pulling him up. "Let's get - hic - get that girl out of the bathroom before Lily pisses her panties."

She led him out of the room, and then, a moment later, Lily could hear her banging on the bathroom door: "Come on, people want to pee!" Brian laughed out loud and even Lily smirked. Glancing at Grace, she saw the corners of the woman's lips move upwards a bit - but it was momentary, and then the tiny smile quickly vanished from the blonde's face. She was moving quicker than before, back and forth, back and forth, and her palms were pressed to her thighs so hard that it had to be outright painful.

Brian seemed to finally notice Grace's fidgeting, looking at her with her eyes wide. I can see what he's thinking, Lily thought, finishing her cigarette. He's decided that it's Grace who's more at the risk of wetting herself than me.

And he likely was right about that, too.

Olivia banged on the locked door a few more times, to a loud laughter coming from Noah's friends, then stopped. She and her boyfriend didn't return to Noah's room, apparently joining the crowd in the kitchen.

"So..." Brian began, then faltered, looking between Lily and Grace. It was probably weird for him to be in the room with two girls who were visibly going out of their minds with pee desperation. "I mean... she's probably going to be done soon, you know."

"Yeah," Lily said, still holding herself desperately between her legs. Grace didn't say anything.

"Maybe I'll go join the guys in the kitchen," the man said, getting up from the bed, "I'll... ah, I'll let you wait here."

He walked out of the room hurriedly.

A moment passed - then Grace looked up, towards the door - then she quickly moved her palms from her thighs to her crotch. Her fake calm disappeared, a pained expression replacing it, and now she was rocking on the bed at a much quicker pace: back and forth, back and forth.

Perhaps a minute later the blonde suddenly moved her hands to her belt, tinkering with the button of her jeans, and, after a moment of struggle - rather painful struggle, judging the face she made - she had undone it.

"Oof..." she exhaled, slowly toning down on her squirming, relief visible on her face.

The protrusion in her abdomen once more grew to its full size, no longer imprisoned by the waistband of her trousers, once again shocking Lily. It honestly looked as if Grace had swallowed a watermelon whole, a watermelon that somehow got stuck inside her belly, just above her crotch, that's how much the woman's bladder was distending her stomach. How, just how was she even able to keep all that piss in? Lily had stopped fidgeting for a moment, from the sheer shock at the sight in front of her, only to resume her movements a few seconds later. Unconsciously, she began slowly rubbing her crotch with her palm once more, barely attentive enough to notice her own action.

"I want to pee so bad," Lily said, staring at Grace.

"Me too," the other woman said - whimpered, almost - in response. "I honestly don't remember the last time I was so fucking full." So fucking full. Wow, Lily thought.

"You drank more than I did," Lily observed.

"I should have gone to the bathroom at the party," Grace said, "but it wasn't so bad then. Then it was bad when we were at the bar, but I could have held until we got home - I did - but then we lost the freaking keys..." She sounded actually worried.

We have lost the keys, Lily thought, not you have lost the keys. Grace wasn't even blaming Lily. A sudden wave of guilt assaulted her: she hadn't lost the keys, they were right there, at the bottom of her handbag... not that it mattered right now. But she had deceived Grace, intentionally making the situation more difficult for her. Grace had calculated correctly, she was able to stand the pressure until they got home, after all. It was only afterward, when Lily had pretended to have lost the keys, that her desperation skyrocketed.

But it didn't matter right now, did it? The keys wouldn't help them now.

A few minutes passed in silence, occasionally interrupted by Grace cursing under her breath, then the blonde suddenly rose from the bed and removed her hands from her crotch. Slowly straightening her posture, she walked out of the room. A moment later Lily heard the sound of her banging on the bathroom door: "Hello! Are you done yet? I would like to use the bathroom!" There was a response, though the sound was too muffled for Lily to discern the words. "You can wash them later, I want to use the bathroom!" Grace said back, sounding angry. Another response followed.

Then the blonde returned to the room, her hands flying to her crotch as soon as she crossed the threshold. She speed-walked to the bed and sat back down, curling herself forward and beginning to rock back and forth once again.

"She's washing her top," she said through her teeth. "She's handwashing it!"

Another wave of urgency struck Lily, her bladder trying to squeeze its contents out, making the girl bend forward and close her eyes. Her hands stopped rubbing her crotch and instead pressed on it as hard as possible...

...and then it passed, her desperation slowly regressing back to what it was before.

"There are stores nearby," she said, "Still open, I mean. We could ask if they will let us use their bathroom?"

Grace looked Lily in the eye for a moment, still squirming on the bed, obviously hesitating.

"She's not going to take all that long," the blonde said, sounding somewhat unconvinced.

"What if she is?" Lily pressed. "And if not a store, then there's that McDonald's we passed by? It's open the whole night, isn't it?" She actually didn't know whether it was - but there had been a line of cars waiting at the drive-thru. "Come on, what if she's going to wash this fucking top for the next hour?"

Grace scrunched her face at the last bit, then turned her head to the side, still squirming in her seat, apparently trying to come to a decision.

"Okay," she said, slowly raising from the bed. Lily rose from her chair too, picking up her handbag from the desk. Neither of the women removed their hands from between their legs... though Grace did that just a moment later, when they left the room and entered the corridor.

They told Olivia they were going out, to a store, then left the apartment, leaving the door unlocked.

Grace didn't bother buttoning up her trousers when leaving the building, Lily noticed, allowing her bladder bulge to stick out from her tummy and her belt to hang loose, despite the public setting. Perhaps she didn't believe she would be able to squeeze her full bladder inside her body without, well, pissing herself?

Notes

This is the second-to-last chapter - only the finale remains. 😉

*008*2025-02-11 13:21

Chapter 5

"Open 24/7", the bright green neon above the door stated. Well, it, erm, didn't, not really: the letter "p" was dark, so in truth it was "Oen 24/7". Still, the store was open. It made Grace quicken her pace, with Lily following in her steps.

The redhead expected that there would many stores still open at this hour, yet the whole street was dark. Apparently she had misjudged slightly how many all-day-round stores were around in the neighbourhood.

The blonde was keeping her hand on her bladder the whole time, as if caressing it, Lily noticed... and she herself wasn't any better, with her right hand stuck its spot between the redhead's legs. Lily's bladder was bulging as well, she had dared to actually check it and touch it after leaving the building. The protrusion wasn't nearly as large as the one Grace was struggling with, but it was there - and wasn't that something! The redhead didn't recall ever being so filled with piss that her bladder was actually noticeably bulging before.

It was the middle of the summer, yet the night felt surprisingly cold, which was wreaking havoc with the girl's bladder, making it twitch and send a pang of urgency every now and then. She wasn't leaking - she never leaked - but it did genuinely feel as if she was on the verge of exploding into her sweatpants. The girl wondered how Grace felt, since the other woman was holding just so much more than herself. She glanced at her friend: the blonde's face was contorted in a grimace... yet it wasn't as red as before, for some reason. Her posture was stiff and bent at the waist, as was Lily's own, and the hand holding her tummy was never leaving its place.

They speed-walked towards the door, both of them making small steps, then opened it, causing a bell to ring. The cashier was an old man, bald and rather exhausted, judging by his looks. Though, truth be told, most night-shift workers looked tired most of the time, Lily thought. He was reading a book when they entered, the sound of the bell made him raise his head. His eyes widened slightly at the sight. Ordinarily, Lily would take it as a compliment... but then he was most likely just shocked at how uncomfortable both women looked. The man looked up and down at each of them, obviously noticing Lily's hand pressed to her crotch, while Grace quickly made her way to the counter.

"Hello," she said, "is there any chance we could use the bathroom, please? It's... a bit of an emergency." Her voice hitched slightly in the middle of the sentence.

The cashier stared mutely at her for a few seconds, then slowly shook his head.

"Sorry, girl," he said, "employees only."

"Please? There are no other places open, we both really want to-" she paused "-really need to use the bathroom." She stepped from foot to foot.

The man puckered his lips.

"I said 'no'," he repeated, his tone firm. "There are cameras here, girl," he added, sounding more apologetic, "the boss would have my skin if I let you."

Grace bit her lip again, her blond hair sticking to her forehead. It fascinated Lily that the woman's face was no longer as flushed as it was before; it was strange. Was walking around making it easier for her to hold her pee?

"Even if we buy something?" Lily asked, pee dancing in place, bringing his attention to herself.

"Sorry," he repeated, looking back to his back.

They left without any goodbye, which was unusually rude for Grace... though judging from her worried expression, she didn't care much at the moment. Looking around the street helplessly, they didn't see any other store open nearby.

If it was just her, Lily would happily pee in the bushes... or, well, fuck that, even just on the sidewalk. There wasn't anyone nearby, and she was seriously desperate, as desperate as she had ever been. But then she had promised herself that she would hold it as long as Grace would, and she intended to keep this promise. Besides, while ordinarily the redhead would have said that Grace would never pee outdoors, she wasn't very inclined to put this belief to a test. With just how desperate the blonde was right now, with how her bladder was jutting out of her belly, the sight of Lily pissing out the lake stored inside her might convince the other girl to follow in her steps.

So, she had to keep holding it.

Though it honestly was just so fuking difficult. When they came to Noah's flat her bladder was sending pangs of urgency every now and then, and there was also the constant feeling of need coming from it. Now, though? Now there was an overwhelming aura of pure urge emanating from her lower belly, and some unusual discomfort on top of that, caused by her stretched bladder pressing against her insides. It honestly felt as if she had swallowed a ball that was now stuck inside her.

Then Grace groaned quietely, bending forward even more and moving her other hand to her crotch. Lily watched, captivated, as the other woman stayed like that for a few seconds, her knees furiously knocking together... then Grace slowly lowered herself to a squatting position, her eyes closed and her face scrunched.

"Fuck," she said quietely.

She looked as if she was about to pee herself, Lily thought, kneading her own crotch, as if Grace was about to wet herself here and then. She stared, with her mouth hanging open, as the other woman kept almost still like that, rocking back and forth very slowly. Seconds passed, one after another, then...

...then Grace carefully rose back to a standing position. Her eyes stayed closer for a moment longer, then she opened them, slowly walking past Lily, in the direction of Noah's flat.

"There's a McDonald's open," Lily said quickly, "we should try there."

"She has to be out of the bathroom now," Grace said... though she stopped walking, crossing her legs immediately, and looked in the direction Lily was pointing at.

"We don't know that," Lily pointed out, "and I really, really have to pee. I can't sit there and hold it, waiting until the bathroom's free, I'm literally about to piss myself!" She wasn't even faking the desperation in her voice.

"So am I!" Grace shot back, momentarily shocking the redhead.

"Then come on, let's go!" Lily said, grabbing Grace's hand and leading her in the other direction. Grace allowed that, and soon they were moving towards the restaurant at the end of the street.

The walk took much longer than it would normally, even though they were both in hurry. Lily, despite trying to get there as soon as possible, was walking slowly: her steps weren't much shorter than usually, but each was taking more time, the uncomfortable weight of her bladder slowing the woman down. Grace, on the other hand, was making her steps very fast, but each was tiny. It took them maybe ten minutes to get to McDonald's, while ordinarily one would expect them to cross the distance in half that time.

Still, they had gotten there - and both were still dry!

There was a queue of three cars in drive-thru lane, which they passed by. The lights in the lobby were on, yet the room was apparently empty... and the door was locked when Grace tried it. She yanked the handle, surprising Lily, then literally banged on the door. There were no employees in sight, so it was all pointless - and shockingly aggressive for the usually calm girl.

"Are you fucking kidding me?" the blonde exclaimed, her voice raised. She yanked the handle once again, to no result, then groaned out loud, bending forward and letting her forehead rest against the glass. Her legs immediately kept moving, fanning in and out as the girl stayed like that for a moment, leaning against the door. A few feet behind her Lily was dancing in place, bent forward as well, her palm never leaving its favored spot between the girl's legs.

Lily's bladder felt like a stone inside her - though no, not like a stone, stones weren't supposed to be pulsating like that. It was sending wave after wave of desperation all over her, each of them making her feel as if she was about to either leak or positively piss herself. The redhead didn't dare touch her abdomen - it felt as if that would worsen things, not improve them - but she was keenly aware of the bulge present there. She had a fucking bladder bulge, for the first time in her life, Lily still couldn't come to terms with that. She would be exhilarated by that if not for the actual pain it was causing her, being the center of discomfort emanating from her stomach.

Though the protrusion in her abdomen couldn't match Grace's, not nearly. The blonde had finally moved away from the door and turned towards Lily, one of her hands between her legs, the other on her belly, craddling her bulge in her palm. Her legs were crossed as she stood and there was actual despair in her expression: something Lily hadn't ever seen in the other woman, usually so stoic. Grace was looking around, scanning their environment, her thighs rubbing rhythmically against each other - and judging from the way despair was slowly shifting towards panic not finding anything helpful around. The blonde's face was no longer red, Lily noticed abruptly, it was pale - paler even than her usual carnation, and still covered in sweat.

Grace's eyes stopped momentarily on the small patch of bushes near the restaurant.

Lily, despite her need being honestly on the verge of overwhelming, was still somehow able to think about prolonging Grace's torment - her own torment too, but that wasn't relevant - said the first thing that came to her mind.

"Maybe they'll let us use the toilet if we ask," she said, thinking on her feet. There was a queue in the drive-thru line, they would have to wait. "There was just one car in the queue," or maybe two, or three, she didn't actually remember, "we can order something and ask..."

"Lily, I can't," Grace said suddenly, raising her voice, stunning the redhead. "I can't wait, I have to pee. Literally, I have to pee right now, in this very moment, I have to freaking piss." As if to punctuate her words she suddenly closed her eyes and doubled over, bending her knees slightly, a heavy grimace distorting her features. It took her a few seconds to regain control, but when she opened her eyes, Grace immediately started moving towards the greenery, her intention very obvious.

"Come on, let's get back," Lily urged her, fighting her own bladder. "We can't pee here, don't you get it! Come on, it's just a few minutes!" Grace ignored her, so Lily moved towards her friend and grabbed her arm, stopping the other woman in her tracks. "We can hold it - Grace, come on!" The look the other woman gave her, overflowing with pure desperation, almost gave her pause, but she didn't let go.

"It's just a few minutes," the redhead repeated, "we can-" then her voice hitched as she felt a leak escape her body, dampening her panties, shocking her. She didn't leak, like - ever. She had to close her eyes, focusing her willpower to make her sphincter shut down even tighter, terrified that she was about to honestly wet herself right there and right then. Her grip on Grace's arm grew tighter too, though that wasn't intentional.

Lily started doubting herself: she wanted to see Grace desperate, as desperate as possible - (she wanted to see her piss herself, even if she wouldn't admit that to herself) - but she wasn't quite willing to pee her pants in order to achieve that.

Or...

...or was she?

It took the redhead a longer moment to make sure she wasn't about to leak anymore, then she opened her eyes, her palm pressed to her crotch even harder than before.

"I'm literally about to explode," she said, her own voice now sounding strange in her ears, "but we can't pee here. We can do it, we can make it back, let's go."

She made a few steps back, pulling Grace after her. The blonde offered no resistance, her hands still in her crotch and cupping her belly

The walk back took them even longer than making their way there - and even making their way there took longer than it ought to have had were their bladders not so very full. They were both struggling to hold the piss inside their bodies just a moment longer, moment after moment after moment, and that made walking quickly quite impossible. Both of them were constantly holding themselves between their legs, and Grace's previously composed demeanor - barely, true, but still, at least somewhat composed - had given way to something that looked like a state of constant panic. Her eyes were looking wildly around, straying to every patch of bushes they passed on their way and every dark alley... yet she hadn't made a move to go there and relieve herself, despite the huge bulge visible in her abdomen, despite how unusually pale her sweat-covered face was, despite her jerky movements and all her fidgeting.

Perhaps the fact that Lily was still intent on holding it somehow motivated Grace? Or maybe she was convinced that Lily would actually stop her? The redhead wouldn't, of course, not physically anyway, and Grace had to have known that. Maybe it was Lily's sheer disapproval at the idea of pissing in public that was shaming Grace into forcing herself to keep that ocean of piss inside her?

(Had Grace been thinking clearly, she would probably be baffled by Lily's behavior, some part of the redhead's mind mused. Lily hadn't ever shown a trace of Grace's own strict attitude towards the bathrooms - she had peed in the bushes a few times in the other woman's presence, as a matter of fact. But with her bladder filled to the brim Grace clearly wasn't able to think clearly, if at all. Nor was Lily, for that matter, both due to her aching abdomen - actually, visibly bulging abdomen - and to her arousal.)

It took them fifteen minutes to get to the twenty-four-hour store they visited shortly after leaving Noah's flat. Back then, the walk from the appartment to the store took them maybe two or three minutes... so right now, given their even worse situation, it would probably take more like five, maybe ten. Lily could almost literally feel the liquid sloshing inside her body, her swollen bladder stretched beyond what she had previously thought to be its limits. It honestly hurt to hold so much... though not enough to make Lily decide to let it go, however tempting that idea was. She was barely able to move forward, making small steps and focusing all her attention on keeping her sphincter tighty locked, both of her hands buried inside her crotch...

...then, just as they were passing the broken neon, "Oen 24/7", some small part of her brain that wasn't entirely consumed by the task of forcing her body to hold her pee even longer whispered a thought into her mind.

She was out of cigarettes, wasn't she? And if they were to stay the night at Noah's place she would have to go out again to buy some anyway.

And there was an open store right there, its door just a few feet away.

Had she been alone, she would have ignored the store and walked by as fast as she could, desperate to reach the bathroom. Well, that wasn't exactly true: ordinarily, whether she would have been alone or not, she would have just peed in the bushes, quite a lot of time ago even, not fought the losing battle with her tortured body. But she wasn't alone, and these weren't ordinary circumstances. Grace was beside her - and beside herself, judging from the looks of her - and going to the store to buy some smokes would delay her even longer.

The redhead glanced to her right, her eyes greedily devouring the image of the pale, desperate blonde shuffling forward beside her. Grace's right hand was between her legs, pressed tightly to her crotch, while her left hand was caressing the enormous bulge her bladder was making in her abdomen. The woman's expression remained panicked, her eyes still scanning their surroundings constantly, as if she was desperately trying to find a place to relieve herself right here and right then. She kept walking, though, following in Lily's footsteps, despite looking like a balloon that was just about to pop.

Pressing her hand even tighter to her own crotch, Lily stopped suddenly.

"I n-need to buy cigarettes," she said, glancing at Grace as the blonde passed her by, causing the other woman to look at her disbelivingly.

"Are you fucking mad?" Grace shot back, slowing down and stopping a foot or so in front of Lily, crossing her legs immediately.

Lily crossed her legs too, as tightly as she could, feeling another small leak reach her panties, her bladder throbbing inside her.

"It's going to take just a- just a moment," Lily said, struggling to form words. "Come on, I don't want to go out just after we get back..."

"I have to pee, Lily," Grace interrupted her forcefully, stepping from foot to foot. "I'm about to fucking piss myself, don't you get it, I can't hold it."

"It's going to take just a minute," Lily pleaded, almost begged. "Seriously, you can do it..."

"You have no idea how badly I need to go! I literally won a freaking holding contest hours ago and still haven't peed after all that time!"

"Please, you can wait a moment longer!"

The grimace on Grace's face somehow grew even more pronounced, then the woman closed her eyes, bending forward slightly. A few second later she opened them again, apparently successfully fighting off another wave of urgency coming from her bladder - or so Lily thought.

"Go!" she said, her tone biting.

She intended to stay here, the redhead realized, and that was no good: she couldn't risk Grace giving up and pissing in the alley, or maybe even just there, on the sidewalk, considering just how desperate the woman looked. Quickly crossing the distance between them, Lily grabbed Grace's arm and gently tugged her towards the store, causing a gasp to leave the blonde's lips.

The old man was still reading his book when they entered. The sound of the bell ringing caused him to look at the door, then his eyes widened: the sight of two women desperately holding their crotches and looking as if they were about to explode with piss probably wasn't an image he had been expecting. He had recognized them, of course, and started to tell them once more that no, they simply couldn't use the store's bathroom before Lily interrupted him.

"A pack of Marlboro Reds, please," she said, fidgeting in front of the counter.

He blinked, once, twice - then slowly rose from his chair, wheezing a bit, reaching to grab the cigarettes.

They stood there, waiting for him to scan the pack, Lily freeing one of her hands to grab her phone from her bag, ready to pay. She wasn't at all concerned with how she looked: squirming desperately, crossing and uncrossing her legs, stepping from foot to foot. The redhead felt her piss pressing on her urethra, fighting to get out, and fought back with all she had... even if she knew that was an uphill battle. It felt as if she was about to piss, or at least leak, any second.

Still, she didn't wet herself. She refused to.

Grace was - she was actually trying to act a bit more composed than before, the startled redhead noticed. The blonde had removed her palm from her crotch and was keeping her hands on her belly, even though she had her legs crossed tightly. Sweat was dropping from her chin onto her sweater, actual droplets of it, and the woman's face was almost white... but she wasn't fidgeting all that much, and that was something that genuinely amazed Lily. Still, it didn't do much to improve the way Grace looked: there was nothing remaining of her usual graceful poise. Anyone looking at her could tell the blonde was as tense as a string seconds away from breaking. Her posture was still noticeably bent forward, the expression on her face was as flustered as it could possibly be, her breathing was rugged... and her belt was still undone, the ungodly bulge in her abdomen sticking literal inches away from her body.

Even so, she was obviously trying to look composed, to look normal, and that was just astonishing.

Then Lily found herself paying for her cigarettes, dancing in place as she did so - and then they were leaving the store, walking as fast as the could towards Noah's flat.

Not very fast, that is.

Walking up the few steps at the building's entrance and then waiting for the elevator to get to the right floor was hell for both of them, pure and unadulterated: Lily leaked once again, just a tiny bit. But then, finally, then they were there, and that was a sudden boost of motivation. It occurred to Lily to remind Grace about her promise - to let the redhead use the bathroom first - but the other woman didn't give her a chance to do that, almost sprinting out of the elevator, walking so fast towards the door that she might as well had been running. Lily followed, her body suddenly deciding that moving quickly was now apparently doable if only it meant getting to the bathroom even slightly faster.

Then Grace was opening the door - it wasn't locked - and sprinting towards the bathroom door...

...only to find herself pulling futily at the handle.

The bathroom was still occupied.

If asked about that maybe half an hour ago, Lily would have said that she would feel overjoyed at the idea of making Grace hold it even longer. Yet right then that wasn't what she felt: instead, despair overcame her. Before, she had been willing to hold it longer, yes, if only that meant making Grace hold it longer as well... but, judging from the almost constant pangs and waves coming from her bladder, she was at her physical limit, or almost there. It hurt, stopping herself from peeing her panties, and the fact that Grace was forced to hold it too was only partially making up for that pain.

The redhead finally reached her friend - the blonde was still tugging forcefully at the handle, cursing loudly, as if hoping that she would be able to tear the door open if she tried hard enough - then she heard the sounds coming from from inside the bathroom.

Moans? And gasps, and the sound of slapping, made by skin mashing against skin.

And Noah's name moaned out loud in a feminine voice. Olivia's voice.

Seriously? The sheer absurdity of it all somehow made its way through the haze of desperation covering Lily's mind. She had known that Olivia was freaking horny this whole evening, and that Noah was horny too, she had seen them making out and almost tearing each other clothes away. But- But why bathroom, of all places, why not their room? Now, now they had to feel like fucking in the bathroom, when two of their friends - Olivia's friends, anyway - were waiting outside literally on the verge of pissing themselves, their bladders similar to balloons stretched to the limits of their capacity. Grace's fucking bladder even looked like a fucking balloon inside her, the way it was bulging out!

The blonde hit the door a few time with her fist, causing no change in the sounds coming from behind it. Then, with a wild expression on her face, slumped against it, moving her hands back to her crotch, both of them, holding it as hard as she could. The guy from before - Brian, maybe, or Blake, or Ryan, Lily couldn't remember - was staring at them with wide eyes.

"Couldn't find a bathroom," the redhead said.

Grace had tears in her eyes, Lily suddenly noticed, actual tears. For some reason, that sight made her act: she moved forward and grabbed the other woman's arm, then pulled her towards Noah's room, at the end of the corridor; Grace resisted for a moment, still holding the handle as if her life depended on it - then she finally let go, allowing herself to be dragged away.

Lily closed the door behind them and moved deeper inside, pacing from the door to the window and back again, now once again holding her crotch with both hands, fighting as hard as she could against her body and her unbelievable urge to piss out the lake she was still holding inside her body. Her distended bladder was constantly trying to force out its contents, to squeeze the piss out of her, sending a stream of pangs of urgency to her brain - yet the redhead was still able to hold on, investing all her willpower into that task. Her damp panties clung to her skin, and they were growing even damper: she was leaking now, a tiny stream of her pee forcing itself through her sphincter, however hard she was clenching it.

Grace, instead of pacing around the room as Lily did, remained by the door, her right hand once again in her crotch and her left hand again holding the ungodly protrusion in her abdomen. She wasn't crossing her legs, though: instead she was furiously jiggling her legs, stopping from foot to foot, bent over at the waist. The blonde was cursing constantly under her breath and her eyes were tightly closed, tears hanging slowly making their way down her pale cheeks, mixing with sweat.

They waited like that for some time - maybe it had been a minute, maybe five minutes, Lily couldn't tell - their bladders throbbing and aching inside her bodies harder than ever before in their whole lives. Then...

...then a loud groan suddenly left Grace's lips, much louder than any sound she had made before, causing Lily to stare at the blonde. The woman abruptly straightened, looking wildly around the room, her expression one of unadulterated panic - until finally her eyes caught the sight of water bottles standing on the desk. One of them was empty, and it was that one that had apparently grabbed the girl's attention. Grace hobbled quickly towards it, desperately unscrewing the cap, then - right there and then, right in front of Lily, who had been standing maybe a foot away - she frenziedly pulled down her jeans and panties in one movement, frantically bringing the bottle's opening to her crotch.

Then a stream of piss exploded from between Grace's legs, loudly hitting the plastic, and Grace moaned. Lily couldn't tear her eyes away, her own desperation suddenly shifting to the edges of her attention. The blonde's stream was thick, increadibly so, and it was barely making it into the bottle - some amount of her pee, droplets mostly, was hitting the floor instead. Her piss was almost clear, looking like pure water... and the woman herself was still emitting something between a moan and a whine from her throat, her eyes closed, a blissful expression upon her face. She kept peeing forcefully as seconds passed, second after second after second, her stream losing none of its potency. The bottle was quater-full, then half-full, then three-quarters full...

...then suddenly it was literally full and overflowing, the 32 oz bottle running out of its capacity, and Grace's piss was now hitting the wooden floor beneath her. The blonde opened her eyes at the new sound and looked down, then yelped - but she hadn't stopped pissing, despite her apparent attempts to do so.

Struck by a sudden wave coming from her own bladder at the sight of another person being actually relieving herself - and also by an equally sudden pang of guilt at the sight of Grace's horrified expression - Lily moved forward, almost leaning against the blonde, then, without thinking, let go.

The feeling was indescribable, overwhealming. Relief so strong that it almost permeated her whole body.

The fabric of the redhead's grey sweatpants immediately darkened, her piss flowing down her legs and splashing on the floor, flowing into the lake made by Grace's pee. The other woman glanced at her momentarily - first at her legs and crotch, then at her face - then averted her eyes, looking down instead, something like shame visible on her flushed face. She kept pissing, though, with the same force as before, even though the bulge her bladder made was now much smaller than it had been before.

The clock ticked, yet they kept relieving themselves, any conscious thoughts drowning in an ocean of blissful relief. Seconds passed - certainly more than one minute - and they just kept pissing, their previously overfilled bladders forcefull emptying themselves right there on the floor. Lily was still looking at Grace, her eyes glued to the sight of the woman's shaved pussy, her arousal still extant even when her feelings were being flooded by a continuous stream of hard relief of long-awaited release.

(Grace's red panties were dry, she noticed idly. She hadn't leaked, somehow.)

Then, perhaps after some two minutes, Lily was done, her stream slowly coming to its end. Her panties and sweatpants were utterly soaked, her trousers now almost entirely dark gray, wet with pee. She had nearly forgotten how it felt, to be actually empty and well, she realized. But...

...but Grace was still pissing. And she pissed, and pissed, and pissed, the stream emanating from her crotch losing none of its strength, even long after Lily herself was done. The redhead was staring, her disbelief at the sight in front of her growing with every passing second - and the seconds kept passing, and Grace kept peeing, still refusing to look at her friend. At some point the woman had set the full bottle on the floor, Lily realized, but she hadn't moved for the other partially empty bottle. There would be no point in that, anyway: the lake of piss was now covering like half of the room's floor, (and Grace was still peeing), so it wouldn't do to switch to another bottle now. Their shoes were wet too: Lily's shoes were wet because her own piss was running down her legs, of course, into her trainers, but she had also been standing in the middle of a huge puddle ocean of piss for literal minutes now.

It was a miracle than none of the guys came to investigate, Lily decided, glancing at the closed door, considering just how loud the sound of Grace's piss splashing against wooden panels was. But she could still hear the music coming from the kitchen, so it was probably drowning out any sounds the two of them were making.

It took a longer while for Grace to be finally done: more than two minutes, maybe three, maybe even longer. When her stream finally tapered off the blonde girl kept looking mutely at the floor. Her face was once again red, Lily noticed, not white, and the woman was panting, her breathing noticeably rugged.

Silence reigned for a few uncomfortable moments.

"Noah... Noah probably has towels somewhere," Lily said, glancing at the wardrobe, doing her best to sound normal, "we should- we should clean this up."

"And," she added, seeing Grace still not raising her head to look at her, "and we can say that I've made that mess, you know. I wet myself, your clothes are dry, we can tell them that it was just, ah, me." She looked around, her eyes still wide at the sight of the huge lake she was standing in the middle of.

Notes

This is the final chapter. As I'm posting this, the post with Chapter 4 still awaits mod approval, so both chapters will likely go live at the same time. Eh, there go my pathetic attempts at building suspense; should've thought about being more active earlier, to hit the minimum post count for unrestricted posting. 😉 Still, waiting until the most recent chapter gets approved before sharing the finale would delay things longer than I'd like, so I'm posting it anyway.

Edit 1: So, that's weird. When I posted Chapter 4 the post got hidden immediately, awaiting mod approval. I expected the same for Chapter 5, but then this post was apparently visible immediately... so I attached Chapter 4 in front of it, which caused the whole post to become hidden, awaiting mod approval. I'm fairly certain that something in the text of Chapter 4 causes it to be blacklisted, but I'm not sure what.

Edit 2: Okay, so after removing Chapter 4 from the text the post is still hidden... which is OK, I suppose, since it would be weird for the final chapter to be posted without the previous chapter being available for reading. 😉 Better wait for a mod to approve both.

*010*2025-02-11 22:19

{{6 hours ago, tillend said:

We need the last two chapters！

}}

Since I haven't got the slightest whether a post becoming approved sends a notification to users following the thread, I'm leaving this reminder here to let you know that the rest of story has been posted 😉. Apologies for the unintentional delay with the last two chapters.

