One rainy afternoon

Author: Calb

*000*2018-07-18 15:44

Hello, guys! Long-time lurker, finally decided to share something you may find interesting. Not the first time writing a story, but the first time in English (this one I translated from Russian, which was the language of the original). So, there goes...

###

Alice stepped out from the shower and went to the kitchen to make some tea. After she put the kettle on, she stood in front of the window, watching how a light summer rain was starting. Normally, she would feel cozy to watch the rain from the comfort of her apartment and the warm bathrobe she was wearing. But not this time.

Her head was occupied with painful thoughts. She couldn’t forget how she – a beautiful 23-year old with long dark hair – peed herself like a little girl, on the street, with people watching.

She didn’t know what the worst part of it was – urine streaming down her legs on the bus stop, or the agony of her full bladder for hours, in a bus that got stuck in a traffic jam. Alice will never forget the dreadful heaviness and the pressure weighing down on her pee-hole. How it made her squirm and moan softly, hoping that the noise from the engine and passengers talking would not let the people notice what was happening to her.

But they noticed it, some even before the attractive young brunette was standing near the bus stop crying and peeing herself. Some of them even saw a couple of tiny streams rolling down her gorgeous legs and dripping on the bus floor. She did her best to hold on, under the pressure that threatened to make her bladder explode, at least she felt like it. However, she couldn’t help but wet her white panties before it was a full-blown accident.

The moment she briefly lost control was painfully fresh in her memory: the terror of feeling her underwear getting damp with hot liquid, of possibly not being able to hold on and wetting herself completely inside the bus. By some miracle, though, her muscles were able to fight off the thrust of her full bladder and didn’t allow Alice to completely lose it. Exhausted after the whole hour of fighting the urge, in a bus that first got stuck in traffic on a bridge, and then continued its route excruciatingly slowly – Alice was standing in front of the window, grabbing the railing with one hand and clutching her black skirt with another, out of frustration. Although she thought nobody noticed, she felt extremely ashamed and was blushing, feeling her warm pee dripping from her thighs. Her face was full of anguish and tension, beads of sweat were forming on her forehead.

She wanted to cry for help, shout to the driver to stop the bus; but she understood it was impossible, and it scared her even more. She was trapped. She knew she wouldn’t be able to fight the next spasm of her overfilled bladder. Form the window she saw a bridge over the highway. Under the bridge the bus would stop, and she was hoping to quickly get off, run behind the column of the bridge and just let go of the liquid that was agonizing her. Alice knew that she wouldn’t make it to her home, if she tried to hold off for two more minutes, she would definitely piss herself, and it wouldn’t be a couple of weak streams…

Immersed in the memory of that excruciating situation, Alice didn’t immediately realize that the kettle was whistling. She woke up from the trance, took it off the stove and poured the boiling water over the teabag in the cup. The image of pouring water almost made her cry. The tea-kettle was like her bladder which was leaking all over the pavement, when she couldn’t hold it. Alice couldn’t fight the painful image off and started to sob once again, sat on the chair and buried her face in her arms on the table. The shame was too much for the beautiful dark-haired girl, who could never imagine that accidents like this can happen to her.

She still couldn’t understand how it turned into such a peril. First she gets into the bus, feeling a distinct yet controllable need – and then she - all sweaty and nervous - stands in the middle of the bus in wet panties, making awkward moves among the potential spectators to the show she involuntarily was putting up. Shuffling of her feet as wells as awkward moves of her legs and butt (which would be stared at from time to time, even without her pee dance), was gathering a small audience around the poor girl, who noticed it and was burning up from shame.

Another leak. And another. Her underwear can’t absorb anything, and her pee is streaming down her gorgeous legs, before it stops again. What the hell is happening? In school she was a dancer and a captain of a cheerleader team – she endured urges like this multiple times on the stage and during trainings, and it never would have occurred to her that it could turn into a wet accident. But now – feeling how people are staring at her, and hearing them talking quietly about what she was doing – Alice wanted one thing in the world: not to piss herself inside the bus, and when it stops – to run behind it and just let herself pee; her panties were wet anyway, but she couldn’t let herself be completely ashamed in front of twenty or more people.

Although, many people have already noticed that the beautiful dark-haired girl in a short black skirt has already started to wet herself but hasn’t finished yet. Alice noticed a couple of young men staring at her ass from across the bus: those hectic moves made it obvious that she urgently needed to use the bathroom. Realizing that she was on the brink of a wet catastrophe, Alice – pained with her dreadfully full bladder – felt tears starting to well in her eyes, while the bus was approaching the stop…

Alice was sitting at the table, sipping the tea and browsing meaningless posts in the Facebook app on her phone. The residual shame didn’t go away, but at the same time she was happy that the torment she went through was now over. Although she finished it by pissing herself all over the pavement, she admitted to herself that she was happy to feel the relief that came with the golden river streaming between her slender legs…

It all happened so fast. She jumped off the bus, feeling how numb her muscles were becoming, and ran toward the building she lived in, paying no attention to surprised people that were looking at the beautiful girl who was crying about something. Somebody shouted something at her, somebody else started to laugh, but Alice didn’t hear that. The only thing she was aware of was her hand that was clutching the skirt over her crotch, was filling with pee which was streaming between her fingers and wetting her legs.

She understood that there was no way to stop it now, but still was hopelessly grabbing her crotch along with the soaked skirt, pissing into her hands, feeling hot liquid streaming down her knees. People that were about to get on the bus, couldn’t help but stare at the beautiful girl wetting herself in broad daylight.

“God… No… No…” – squealed poor Alice, drenching her skirt and shoes with a river of hot pee. She froze and was standing on the street, urinating on her legs, not finding the power to stop the humiliation. Tears were streaming down her burning cheeks, she hung her head and watched a big puddle appear between her shivering legs. She couldn’t hear the sizzling of her wee through the noise from the bus, which was pulling away from the stop. Embarrassed beyond belief, Alice looked up and realized that nobody was around and decided to get away form the “crime scene” as soon as possible…

Alice finally withdrew herself from the stupor, and found herself looking with empty eyes at some web-site in the browser. Although the whole experience was terrible, she was glad it was all over and that nobody she knew noticed that her skirt and legs were wet, on her way home. She took a sip from the tea-cup and looked out of the window. The rain stopped and the sun was shining through the cracks between the grey clouds.

