Request Thread-Research For Creating Better Stories

Author: Char242

*000*2018-01-18 09:39

Disclaimer: While I realize that this might not be the most appropriate place for this thread, i feel that it is the only place where i can get the answers i need.

As i have been reading these amazing stories on this site, i have come to notice that some newer stories gain a lot more attention and replies faster than others. This got me thinking, what is it that helps these stories gain views. Now try to understand that i am not whining about lack of views for my stories nor am i trying to solict views for any of my stories. Rather i am curious as to what helps make some stories more attractive than others. While i get that a lot of it is writing ability, i am curious as to whether there are other factors involved such as popularity of the writer or whether adding tags helps.

I am also interested in finding out more about the readers and writers. What do the readers of this forum like, what don't like, what do they want to see? What do some of the more popular writers do to create these masterpieces? Is it the plot or the description that makes the story? How do those of us who are struggling to write such masterpieces get better?

My goal is to learn to write stories for this forum that people can truly enjoy just as much as i enjoy reading the work of others. That is why i am requesting input from both the readers and writers so that i can gain more knowledge and insight and ultimately become a better writer. Even if i can't become a better writer, i think that the knowdledge learned would help some of the other struggling writers as well as newcomers who also have a story to tell but may not be confident with their work.

