A Lesson in Respect: A Fantasy Omorashi Story

Author: CushieDragons

*000*2025-01-07 17:35

Hi all!! This is my first proper story post here ^_^ this story is unfortunately unfinished, as I lost motivation for it awhile ago. Regardless, I hope you enjoy :]

————————

Truth had gotten himself lost. Again. If only he had stayed on the path like the sign had warned him to. It wasn’t his fault, really! He had drank his whole water bottle on this trail, and needed a refill. He also needed something else, something much more embarrassing.

He crossed his legs.

“I’ll be fine,” he said to himself.

“I’m a grown man. I can hold it until I find a proper toilet.”

A rustle from a nearby bush snapped him out of his thoughts. He jumped. He hadn’t seen any animals since the strayed from the main path. He wasn’t taking any chances, even if whatever it was appeared to be small. It was none of his business.

———

“It was this way, right?”

“Or maybe it was that way…”

Hadn’t he seen that rock before? And that tree looked awfully familiar… oh God. He was going in circles. How hadn’t he noticed?

He squeezed his junk. That tree was looking very tempting.

“Don’t think about it. Just don’t think about it.”

“Don’t think about how full you are. Don’t think about how you feel like there’s an ocean inside of you. Don’t think about how good it feel to just let go on that tree, splattering as you finally get some—“

He yelped. The tiniest of leaks escaped him; he had barely felt it. He took a minute to adjust himself, and sighed.

“I can hold till I find a toilet.”

“I can hold till I find a toilet.”

“I have to hold till I find a toilet.”

He marched on, steeling his resolve, until he heard the one thing he didn’t want to hear: running water.

—————

Despite all logic, he headed towards the noise, desperately holding his crotch. He was thirsty, and the irony was not lost on him.

Hearing something and seeing something were two different things. The sound of running water reminded him of his bladder, which at this point was bulging quite prominently out of him.

Seeing running water on the other hand, was another thing entirely. It wasn’t much, just a small stream; but seeing it flowing, gushing, splashing, how could he not want to add to it?

A long gush of warm pee went into his boxers, snapping him back to reality. He hunched over, squirming desperately. There was an obvious solution to his problem. There were multiple solutions, but he had hobbled past all of them.

He was forced to comes to terms with it; if he wanted to keep his pants dry, he had to pee in the woods. But he still didn’t want to pee on the trees; what if there was backsplash? With how full he was, he was certain his stream would be full force. So his eyes gazed back at the stream rushing just a few feet in front of him.

“Pee is mostly water, right? And besides, animals do it all the time.”

He hobbled closer and closer, his peehole tingling at the feeling that relief was so close. It wasn’t until he was standing above that creek that he remembered that he was thirsty, and would spend the rest of the hike dehydrated if he didn’t have something to drink.

He doubled over. His bladder wanted to be emptied. Now. A sharp pang hit his lower area. He could feel his pee trying to push past the tip of his head.

“Please. Just a bit longer.”

He unscrewed the cap and leaned over. It was so much. His bladder aching, the loud splashing as the bottle filled, the feeling of cold water running over his hands. He bounced in place, another leak seeping into his pants. Finally, it was full, or full enough.

He set the bottle down, and yanked down his pants. Just barely moving his underwear out of the way before he exploded.

*PSSSSSSSSSSSHHHHHHHHHHH*

“A-aah…”

He felt his bladder deflate. Sweet, sweet relief. No more thoughts, except for that of emptying his poor bladder. He was so focused on peeing that he didn’t notice he was being watched.

“What do you think you’re doing?” A tiny voice spoke behind him.

Truth froze. His stream stopped. He was mortified.

“Fuck! I didn’t think anyone else was here!”

He zipped up and spun around.

“I’m sorry, I really needed to-“ he blinked.

The voice came from a tiny man, with pale blue wings, fluttering at to keep him eye level. He was wearing a navy blue vest and blue pants. Blue freckles spotted across his dark brown skin. Blue eyes glazing at him with a piercing glare.

Truth blinked again. A fairy.

—————

Tiny fingers snapped in his face.

“Pay attention. What did you need to do that involves getting so close to my river?”

“I-uh.. uh..”

The fairy flew past him, ignoring whatever he was going to say. He sniffed the air. Truth watched the fairy’s face go from annoyed to enraged.

“YOU PISSED IN MY RIVER?!”

“I couldn’t hold it,” Truth squeaked.

“Of all the human garbage I have to deal with… and want would you do when you finish with that,” The fairy pointed to his newly filled water bottle. “You gonna piss in a different, perfectly clean, rigorously maintained body of water?”

“I’m sorry, really I didn’t know!”

“Hmmph.. y’know I think you should learn to be more respectful of nature. In fact,” he stared directly at Truth. “I’ll teach you a lesson right now.” He said under his breath.

“Go ahead and drink that water you stole, I worked hard on it,” He spoke.

“I-uhm..” Truth hesitated.

“It’s the least you could do.” The fairy spat, crossing his arms.

Truth took a few meager gulps. He was still incredibly thirsty, but didn’t want to be that desperate again so soon.

He paused. Something was wrong. He had just took a few sips and he felt his bladder filling up again.

“W-what did you do?!”

“Just a bit of water magic, nothing special.”

A sharp pang hit his bladder. He hunched over. His bladder was filling at a rapid pace. An inhuman pace.

He looked down. His bladder was bulging out of him, it must’ve been the size of a basketball. He was twisting himself in knots. He had just avoided pissing himself, and now he was about to ruin his pants at any second.

“Make it stop, please! Oh god, I think I might explode..”

“Stop being so dramatic,” the fairy huffed as he rolled his eyes.

“You won’t explode, you’ll just hold as much I want you to. And I want you to finish that whole bottle.”

“B-but..!!”

“No buts, now drink.”

Truth wasn’t in control of his body anymore. He tried to fight it, but he found himself picking up the bottle and lifting it to his lips. Tears pricked in his eyes. Ice cold water rushed down his throat, gulp after gulp. He thought he would choke. It wasn’t until the bottle was empty that he was finally able to pull his mouth away.

His breathing was shaky. He whimpered. All of the water had settled in his stomach, but it wouldn’t be long until it added to his overfilled bladder.

“Now come on, we’re going to put that bladder to use.”

“I..*huff*..I don’t think I can move..”

Once again, he started moving against his will, walking at a pace to keep up with the fairy. All this movement was not good for his bladder, which was starting to swell again from the water he drank.

“Where are you taking me, anyway?”

“Somewhere for you to water the flowers, so to speak.”

The mental image of watering plants made Truth grimace. They seemed to be going deeper into the woods. As the sound of the creek faded away, Truth realized he had a long walk ahead of him.

—————

Two hours. They had been “walking” (Truth was walking, the fairy was fluttering ahead of him) for two hours. Two agonizing hours of Truth’s bladder rapidly filling to extreme proportions, he looked as if he swallowed a pumpkin.

His poor bladder was as tight as a drum, the sounds of the contents sloshing inside could be mistaken for the oceans waves. He felt his teeth floating, he couldn’t speak. The fairy broke the silence.

“Name’s River, by the way.”

Truth didn’t respond. He was lost in the pain of his bladder, trying to rub it to soothe is aching need to pee. How he would love to piss like a racehorse and flood the floor of the forest. His dick twitched. Zero leaks. Not a single drop had spilled out of him.

River saw the pained expression on his face. He couldn’t help be feel a tiny bit bad for the human. Only a tiny bit though.

“We’re almost there.”

“You’ve been saying that for the past 30 minutes.”

“Well, I actually mean it this time, see?”

He looked ahead.

A picturesque field of flowers of flowers stood before him. Blooming in every color of the rainbow, it looked like it went on for miles.

“Whoa…”

“Yeah, pretty great isn’t it? But that’s not what we’re here to see. These are already in bloom.”

River fluttered about for a moment, his eyes scanning the ocean of flowers.

“There!”

He pointed into the distance.

—————-

That’s all I wrote! Maybe I’ll come back to this story in the future ^_^

