The Divine Duty of Making People Pee Themselves

Author: Caraxes

*000*2024-01-08 20:39

Chapter 1: The Will of Paelea

West of the Great Shimmering Sea, on the Easternmost tip of the continent of Plethoran where the great griffins migrate each winter, there lies an ancient fortified city called Gumbacha. It is an ornate city, blessed by generations of stone architects and scripts who have etched life into every home, palace and temple. The grand bazaar is flanked by four great gods that loom over the bustling crowds, and most robes are adorned with gargoyles in the shapes of the beasts of the plains; wyverns, manticores, chimeras, basilisks and gorgons sneer down at the denizens of city. The humans, elves, fairies, gnomes and nymphs that frequent this city believe in great magicks imbued in these gargoyles, that would protect them in a time of need. Most of these statues, like many of the buildings, predate written history and their purpose has long since been forgotten.

This is especially true for one temple in particular, a marble masterpiece that stretches towards the sky. Its grandeur is evident in every meticulously carved detail and the exterior of the temple is adorned with intricate reliefs depicting flowing water, undulating waves, and aquatic creatures. The choice of marble, with its pristine white surface, adds to the ethereal and serene ambiance. The craftsman Globeus, a dwarf of some renown, claims that the temple was build 5000 years ago, before the Amber Devastation when the Boar Wasps flew in from the North, but many elven archaeologists have posited that it may be even older still.

The temple entrance is framed by pillars resembling cascading waterfalls, their surfaces sculpted to mimic the play of water as it descends gracefully. Carved depictions of aquatic plants and delicate sea life intertwine seamlessly with the columns, creating a harmonious blend of architecture and nature.

Upon entering, the interior of the temple continues the watery theme. The floor is adorned with a mosaic that mimics the gentle ripples of a tranquil pond, radiating outwards from a central focal point. The play of light on the mosaic creates a mesmerizing effect, reminiscent of sunlight dancing on the surface of water.

In the heart of the temple stands a magnificent altar, its design resembling a crystalline pool. A statue stands in the center, depicting a woman robed in a simple frock with one exposed breast, legs splayed over the basin below. Water appears to cascade from the altar's center, creating an illusion of perpetual motion.

In a prominent alcove, there sits a sacred water basin, fed by a continuous stream of clear, cool water. At the basin’s rim, in ancient human runes, the name Paelea is spelled out. Many academics have agreed this must be the name of the female god depicted in the central statue. Worshipers approach the basin to perform rituals, asking the god for aid with their mortal problems.

According to the citizens of Gumbacha, the watery iconography represents the ebb and flow of life. The scholars from the Deific Academy, after years of study, have determined that it is a temple of Karma, the ebb and flow of the universe.

As a result, when citizens of Gumbacha have been wronged, they come to the temple of Paelea to pray that their wrongdoers gain some form of comeuppance. Paelea, for over five centuries, has been worshipped as the Gumbachan Goddess of revenge.

Ironically, unbeknownst to the desperate worshippers, Paelea is not a goddess of revenge, or wasn’t initially when she was worshipped here 3000 years ago. Back then, she was simply the goddess of relief, desperation and pee.

————-

Katrina’s eyes opened to a warm moist feeling nestled into her groin. She pulled the hem of her sheets closer to her chin, eyelids drooping as she sighed in discomfort. The young disciple of Paelea hated the way that the goddess of revenge informed her that it was a channeling day, but she knew better than to question the ways of the Almighty Ones.

Rising from her straw stuffed mattress, the young woman feels drops of urine running down her thighs and over the backs of her knees. Her simple linen shift that falls just above her ankles is soaked all down the front and a quick glance at her bed indicates it is drenched as well. The damp garment is modest, with long sleeves that reach her wrists and a loose fit for comfort during the night. It is held together by ties or simple buttons, allowing for ease of dressing without need for elaborate fastenings.

Katrina's hair, partially covered by a linen coif or simple headscarf, is neatly arranged, hinting at the care taken in personal grooming even in the evening hours. A few loose tendrils escape, framing her face with an air of gentle informality. Her locks are blonde, like her half elven mother, and she pushes one out of her eyes with a damp hand.

Her chamber is lit by the warm glow of a flickering beeswax candle, casting dancing shadows on the rough-hewn walls. Her soaked simple wooden bed with straw-stuffed bedding stands in one corner, draped with a plain woolen blanket for warmth in the cool night, and now smelling of pee.

“Fiddlesticks and Chestnuts,” Katrina groans, peering at her reflection in her water basin. She needed to hurry and dress if she was going to make it to the temple in time for her visionquest with the goddess.

———

“You are late,” Mother Falomer grumbled, a frown already plastered to her face as Katrina came careening into the temple, panting and dripping sweat in her white acolyte robes.

“I’m sorry Mother,” Katrina gasped, struggling to catch her breath. Her rush through the bazaar has been impeded by the arrival of the elephant merchant procession from Alantago and the crowds that had gathered as a result. Katrina had nearly fallen into a pile of manure as she tried to slip past a large orc peddling vases from the Mumbachan desert, but she had made it the rest of the way unscathed.

Mother Falomer, the High Priestess of Paelea, shook her head disapprovingly. The elderly woman is a commanding figure draped in flowing ceremonial robes adorned with intricate water-themed symbols. Her attire reflects the essence of the deity she serves, featuring shimmering shades of blue and silver reminiscent of glistening water under moonlight.

Her regal headdress, fashioned to resemble crashing waves and cascading water, marks her as a devoted servant of Gumbachan. Adorned with iridescent pearls and seafoam-colored gemstones, the headdress captures the essence of the ocean's depths.

Mother Falomer's eyes, a deep and contemplative blue, exude wisdom and a connection to the divine. She bears ceremonial markings on her hands and forehead, symbolic of the goddess's watery domain and the powers she channels. These markings shimmer with a subtle luminescence, echoing the mystical influence of Paelea.

In her hands, Mother Falomer cradles a sacred chalice filled with consecrated water, a symbol of the goddess's vengeful yet purifying nature. Her gestures are deliberate and graceful, a testament to her mastery of the sacred rites that invoke Gumbachan's wrath upon those who have wronged.

Katrina, clad in her pristine white acolyte robes symbolizing her devotion, approaches Mother Falomer doing her best to convey an air of reverence in the sacred temple. Her eyes reflect a mixture of determination and humility as she extends a respectful bow before the High Priestess.

In a soft-spoken tone, Katrina apologizes to Mother Falomer for any interruption, expressing her deep desire to convey a recent communication from Paelea. She requests permission to take the Vision Fruit, a sacred offering that facilitates divine communication, to further commune with the goddess and receive her guidance. Presenting her wet panties from her nighttime wetting forward for inspection, the High Priestess pinched them between two fingers and raised them to her nose for a sniff.

“Ah yes, the sacred waters… you have been summoned again child. The Goddess calls for your aid.”

Mother Falomer, though seasoned and wise, cannot conceal a flicker of annoyance. The High Priestess, a stalwart guardian of the temple's traditions, may find herself unsettled by the goddess's apparent favoritism toward the young acolyte.

With measured restraint, Mother Falomer grants permission, her voice carrying a subtle undertone of skepticism. She emphasizes the importance of humility and obedience in the presence of the divine, subtly alluding to her concern about Paelea's selective communication.

As Katrina retrieves the Vision Fruit, Mother Falomer watches with a discerning eye, torn between honoring the goddess's will and grappling with the unsettling notion that Paelea may have chosen a young acolyte as a conduit for her divine messages. The temple's hallowed atmosphere holds the weight of both reverence and an undercurrent of unspoken tension.

———

Katrina quickly rushed back into one of the chambers at the back of the temple. It had no windows, just smooth marble walls and a wooden stool. Shutting the door behind her, Katrina pulled out the Vision Fruit. The fruit was pink and hairy, and the first two times Katrina had consumed it she had nearly puked. This time, she was ready for its foul taste.

Biting into the fruit, Katrina grimaced at the flavour that resembled burnt hair. She chewed and swallowed it quickly, then leaned back on the stool and waited.

Cultivated in the Gumbachan Gardens and sold directly to the priests of the various temples, Vision Fruits were psychedelic plants that granted the ability to see between the planes of existence to other realms. In other words, it allowed the priests to convey with the gods themselves. Katrina herself was only allowed to consume them when the goddess summoned her. This had only happened twice before, in the form of a dream that inevitable left her waking up in a puddle of warm pee.

Before she could reminisce on her first summonings, the world began to swirl before Katrina’s eyes and her head began to pound. The walls fell away around her and she found herself sitting on a rock in a meadow filled with daffodils and butterflies.

“Wow,” Katrina gasped. She had never gotten used to the sudden transitions as she traversed realms.

Walking towards her through the meadow was a young woman who resembled the statue in the temple. She was skinny, with a lithe body concealed beneath her simple white dress. One of her breasts was exposed, her brown nipple hardened and pointing right at Katrina, and there was a slight fidget to her movements as she strode. Her hair was brown unkempt and her golden eyes glittered in the sunlight. There was a soft yellow glow radiating from her caramel skin, showing her innate divinity and her smile radiated impossible hope.

Katrina found herself staring in awe and had to shake herself out of it. Even though this was her third time meeting Paelea, she was no less amazed. Dropping to one knee, she bowed low as the goddess reached her.

“Rise child,” Paelea spoke, her voice warm like the notes of Gumbachan folk band. She giggled softly, and it reminded Katrina of a warm rain.

Katrina did as she was told and rose so that she was staring into the goddess’ golden eyes. The young acolyte felt as though she could see the entire cosmos in the twin shimmers.

“You have served me well the last two times I have called you,” Paelea spoke, beaming at the young woman. “As you will for your whole life.”

“Thank you Paelea, o mighty goddess,” Katrina gasped quietly.

“Do not thank me little one, for you have much to do still,” Paelea grimaced, as if grossed out but what she was about to ask. “I have need of you to be my instrument again down in Gumbacha. A young woman has prayed to me for vengeance on the spoilt daughter of an Elephant Merchant. This selfish daughter has tarnished the reputation of the young woman through salacious gossip of infidelity. She calls upon I, Paelea, to serve justice.”

“I am your faithful servant,” Katrina said, bowing her head. “How may I serve?”

“Do you, Katrina of Gumbacha, consent to meting out my vengeance?”

“I do.”

“Good,” Paelea smiled warmly. “And do you consent to wielding a fraction of my powers as my servant on the mortal plane?”

“I do,” Katrina gulped.

“Then I grant you the usual powers. You must find this spoilt daughter, use your powers to gauge her bladder’s fullness, fill it further and trick her into having a humiliating accident that will teach her a lesson,” Paelea spoke ominously, her eyes flickering with power and rage.

“I accept,” Katrina confidently shouted, as her body surged with power. The meadow began to swirl with wind and flower petals spun up around her in a swirl.

“Vengeance shall be as wet as the eyes of those it tarnishes,” Paelea boomed, and then she vanished in a puff of spoke.

Katrina collapsed to her knees, electricity coursing through her veins. Raising her head, she realized she was back in the marble room. Her bladder was throbbing for release as it did after every vision with Paelea, and Katrina knew she must find a chamber pot soon.

“Vengeance shall be as wet as the eyes of those it tarnishes,” Katrina whispered under her breath. The goddess would be served.

Exiting the room, Katrina spied Mother Falomer conversing with another young acolyte, an elven woman named Julia. Above each of their heads, Katrina could see a bar showing the fullness of their bladders. Mother Falomer’s sat at a comfortable 30%, while Julia’s sat at 64%.

Katrina smiled to herself as she shifted back and forth on her full bladder. Paelea’s blessing was working once again.

———

You see, dear reader, gods and goddesses are fickle beings, who grow and change with belief. Although thousands of years ago Paelea was the goddess of pee, her modern worshipping as the goddess of vengeance had altered her powers. Now, although unknown to the scholars of the Deific Academy, Paelea serves vengeance through the power of a full bladder.

This is a story of that power, and a study of the effects of wet vengeance.

*003*2024-01-09 19:04

{{21 hours ago, warham1995 said:

This is a good story and an interesting premise so far, i could see mother Falomer eventually let her jealousy of the goddess favoring one of her acolytes get the better of her and the twist being that mother Falomer was secretly in love with the goddess and also likes to have a full bladder when she is alone in her office. will there be people that hold their pee intentionally because they are turned on by having a full bladder secretly or publicly in the story also? i thought i might ask that second question in case that is not your cup of tea.

}}

Thank you! Without spoiling too much, yes there will be some intentional holding. Unsure if the character will grow to like it as of yet.

{{16 hours ago, KnightofStars said:

Oh this seems like an EXCELLENT idea for an anthology-like story. The ability to see bladder gauges is one of my favorite things in this fetish-sphere, so I'm excited to see where this story goes!

}}

Thank you for the kind words, I’m glad you liked it! The bladder gauge will play a crucial role…

*004*2024-01-13 16:59

Chapter 2: The Elephant Merchant’s Daughter

Gumbacha had been a bustling port town for well over a millennium, attracting sailors from the many islands within the Great Shimmering Sea, as well as all up and down the coast of Eastern Plethora. Silk traders sailed in from Claudiaxus in their spindly ships with many oars, and whaling ships from Quartzia could be picked out by their red sails and hills covered in purple barnacles that frequented southern waters. It wasn’t even a rare sight to see the six masted, golden sailed ships of the Eastern Spice Consortium which brought in rare seasonings and unique textiles from far off lands. Occasionally, Katrina even spied a black hulled ship from the Imperium filled with pensive armoured elven warriors that sang sorrowful shanties of their time fighting in Plagasia.

All of these colourful peoples and sailors converged in the Great Bazaar of Gumbacha, peddling their wares, enjoying the pleasure houses and negotiating trade agreements. The Great Bazaar sprawled beneath a vibrant tapestry of colorful tents, creating a bustling spectacle that reflected the diversity of its inhabitants. As one entered, the air was filled with a rich tapestry of scents – exotic spices, leather goods, and the sweet aroma of freshly baked pastries wafted from various stalls.

Elven merchants with flowing garments and intricate jewelry showcased their ethereal crafts, while gnomes, known for their inventive spirit, proudly displayed peculiar contraptions and whimsical trinkets that caught the eye. Goblins engaged in lively bartering, their stalls laden with peculiar curiosities and items salvaged from distant realms.

Dwarven merchants, with sturdy beards and finely crafted metalwork, presented their wares in imposing booths, offering everything from ornate weapons to finely detailed gemstones. The clinking sound of hammers against anvils echoed through the bazaar as skilled dwarven craftsmen created intricate masterpieces on the spot.

The crowds moved in a vibrant dance, a colorful mosaic of races and cultures. Shouts of haggling and laughter intermingled with the lively tunes played by wandering minstrels, creating a symphony of chaos that somehow felt harmonious. Children darted between stalls, wide-eyed at the wonders on display, adding an infectious sense of wonder to the atmosphere.

The Great Bazaar was a sensory overload – the vibrant hues of fabrics, the metallic tang of forged goods, the sizzling scent of street food being prepared at makeshift kitchens. Market-goers sampled exotic dishes from various corners of the realm, adding the aroma of spiced meats and aromatic herbs to the sensory kaleidoscope.

Amidst the hustle and bustle, the Great Bazaar was a melting pot where the laughter of gnomes, the stoic presence of dwarves, and the elegance of elves blended seamlessly, creating a dynamic marketplace that captivated both the seasoned adventurer and curious onlooker alike.

As Katrina rushed through the bustling crowd, her bladder pulsed in complaint. Forcing herself to ignore the pangs, she wedged one hand quickly between her robes before skirting around a stand of several haggling elves.

The powers granted to the blonde woman by the goddess Paelea hum within her, and the light sparkles in her eyes, revealing a percentage reading floating above the heads of the two elves.

The first one, floating above a brunette elf with a smattering of freckles, purple eyes and a traditional blue elven dress, reads only 32% as she hurriedly batters with her opponent.

The other elven woman shifts from foot to foot as she pulls at the sash of her green human styled dress, and Katrina can’t help but note the dangerously high reading of 87%. She has a scrunched up face in clear discomfort and Katrina can’t help but feel for the poor woman.

Wanting to stop to help, Katrina groaned at another pang from her bladder and knew that her time is too precious to pause now. The downside to the goddess’ powers is that they only linger within the channellers system until they urinate next, and Katrina still had a mission to complete before she could do that.

Katrina rushed onwards, passing five more stalls until she arrived at the stalls of the Elephant Merchants.

The Elephant Merchants of Baghar were a caravan of opulence that traversed the desert, their majestic elephants laden with treasures. Each elephant bore a distinct mark of craftsmanship, carrying intricately painted pottery that sparkled under the relentless sun. The stalls, draped with vibrant silks and adorned with hanging lanterns, created an oasis of color in the vast desert landscape.

Led by Fior Vasqo, a man of immense influence and foresight, the Elephant Merchants boasted mercantile wealth that echoed through the sands. Fior, a figure of considerable charisma, rode atop the largest and most adorned elephant, its tusks gilded and its howdah encrusted with precious gems. He, too, was a spectacle – draped in rich silks, a turban adorned with jewels atop his head, and a well-groomed beard that spoke of affluence.

Fior Vasqo's rise to power was a tale whispered through the desert winds. Born into a modest family of potters, he showed an early aptitude for business. Through cunning negotiations and strategic alliances, Fior expanded his family's pottery trade into a flourishing empire. His keen eye for craftsmanship and a knack for understanding the needs of distant markets catapulted him to prominence.

In Baghar, Fior Vasqo's palace stood as a testament to his elevated status. Surrounded by lush gardens and imposing walls, the palace was a masterpiece of architectural splendor. Its domes and minarets gleamed with intricate mosaics, depicting the journey of the Elephant Merchants across the desert. The interiors were adorned with tapestries, fine carpets, and rooms filled with the rarest treasures brought from far-off lands.

Within the bustling stall of the Elephant Merchants, Fior Vasqo's spoilt adult daughter, Calla Vasqo, held court. Dressed in luxurious silks, adorned with jewels, she surveyed the array of pottery with a discerning eye. The air in the stall was filled with the fragrance of exotic spices from a nearby spice merchant, creating a sensory tapestry that complemented the opulence.

Calla, with her perfectly coiffed hair and an air of entitlement, gestured imperiously at the pottery on display. She demanded the attention of the merchants, expecting nothing but the finest pieces. Fior, ever the doting father, tried to fulfill her every whim, ensuring that the pottery selected for her would be the most exquisite and meticulously crafted.

Katrina, ever an observing acolyte, stood discreetly outside the stall, her eyes keenly following the interaction. Calla's snooty behavior and haughty demeanor did not escape Katrina's notice. The contrast between the elegance of the pottery and Calla's demanding attitude was stark, creating a tension that lingered in the air. This was Katrina’s target, the woman who had spread gossip about another innocent young woman. Paelea had tasked her with vengeance and it would be served.

As Fior Vasqo and the merchants catered to Calla's desires, Katrina observed with a mix of curiosity and subtle disapproval. The young acolyte, guided by principles of humility and reverence, couldn't help but feel a sense of unease witnessing such extravagance within the nomadic charm of the Elephant Merchants' domain.

Examining the woman closer, the powers of Paelea honed in on her bladder and Katrina was relieved to find that it was sitting at 67%. This would make her task much easier than starting from empty, but there was still plenty of legwork to be done nonetheless.

It was now time for the second part of Paelea’s powers. Focusing her mind and cupping her hand into a “C”, Katrina pointed her arm in the direction of the goblet of wine resting on the right hand side of Calla’s golden seat.

“Blessed Paelea, grant me your favour,” Katrina uttered softly, before her hand began to glow a soft yellow colour. With a flash, the goblet glowed brilliantly for a microsecond before returning to normal.

“What was that?” Calla exclaimed to one of her attendants. “Why did my wine just glow?”

“It… it is the finest Fairy Wine from the Mushroom Lands, my lady,” the attendant stammered. “It has many properties we don’t understand but I can…”

“Enough!” Calla interrupted, taking a large swig. “I don’t care as long as it gets me drunk!”

Katrina smiled to herself as she fidgeted out of sight. Paelea’s powers allowed her to turn any drink into a diuretic at a simple gesture. The wine would now act quickly, driving the spoilt woman’s urges to increase at an incredible rate. Katrina had to simply ensure that she could not find a chamber pot to relieve herself in fast enough.

Smoothing out her robes and taking a deep breath, Katrina strode out of hiding and towards the tent. She stepped into the ornate tent adorned with rich tapestries, where Calla Vasqo was inspecting a collection of worshiping pots. With a respectful greeting, Katrina approached, feigning interest.

“Good day, Lady Calla. I seek a worshiping pot for our humble temple. Your selection here is truly remarkable,” Katrina began, flatteringly.

Calla, barely acknowledging her presence, continued to examine the pottery with an air of disinterest. “Hmph, a temple, you say? Well, make it quick. I don't have time for the affairs of common folk.”

“Of course, Lady Calla,” Katrina replied graciously, annoyed by the lack of interest. “May I inquire about the craftsmanship of this particular pot? It's for a special ritual at our temple.”

Calla, growing increasingly fidgety, glanced at the pot in question.

“Rituals? How quaint. Just choose one and be done with it.”

Katrina persisted, maintaining a polite facade. “I'm fascinated by the intricate designs. Could you share more about the symbolism behind these patterns?

Calla's impatience was palpable, her eyes narrowing. “Symbolism? You're testing my patience, acolyte. Just pick something so I can be rid of you.”

Undeterred, Katrina continued her inquiry, her questions becoming more detailed. “And the glaze – what materials were used? We value the purity of our rituals and seek the finest vessels.”

Calla, now visibly uncomfortable, shifted from foot to foot.

“I don't have time for this. It's just pottery. If you're so desperate, choose one yourself.”

“Your guidance is invaluable, Lady Calla. Our temple will be forever grateful,” Katrina oozed, doing her best to seem doe-eyed and innocent.

As Katrina maintained her pleasant facade, Calla's fidgetiness intensified. Her curt responses and increasingly agitated manner betrayed an unspoken urgency. The interplay between the seemingly oblivious acolyte and the increasingly uncomfortable noblewoman created a tension within the tent that mirrored the vast bazaar outside.

As Calla's discomfort grew, she called for her attendant, feigning the need to find her summer hat. The urgency in her voice was thinly veiled, evident to both Katrina and the attentive servant.

“Where is that imbecile of an attendant? I need my summer hat immediately,” the spoilt young woman complained.

The attendant hurried in, panting and holding onto his own hat. “My lady, I'm here. Your hat is right here. How may I assist you?”

“Finally,” Calla groaned. “Hold this, and don't drop it. It's the only thing you're good for.”

The attendant gave a curt nod. “Yes, my lady.”

As Calla handed the hat to her attendant and prepared to leave the tent, Katrina seized the opportunity to engage in conversation. “Lady Calla, your knowledge of pottery is truly unparalleled. Could you enlighten me further about these intricate patterns?”

“Not now. I have more important matters to attend to,” Calla replied, rolling her eyes and fanning herself as she grossed her legs subtly in her seat.

Katrina persisted and pressed further. “I understand, but your insights would be invaluable to our temple.”

Calla replied in an exasperated tone, dismissing Katrina quickly. “I don't care about your temple. Now, where is that wretched hat?”

As Calla's attendant searched for the elusive hat, Katrina continued her verbal spar, subtly trying to keep Calla engaged. “Lady Calla, I must confess, our temple has heard tales of your exquisite taste. We would be honored to learn from your refined sensibilities.”

Calla was fully irritated now and spat at the acolyte. “This is not the time for your temple nonsense. Just let me find my hat in peace.”

Katrina, noticing Calla's growing impatience, decided to take a bolder approach. Feigning shyness she said “Lady Calla, I hesitate to ask, but may I use your chamber pot? It's urgent.”

Calla, now distracted by her own urgency, looked at Katrina with disdain. “Absolutely not! How dare you!”

Katrina didn’t give up yet. “It's a dire situation, and your generosity would save me from discomfort.”

“Find your own solution. I won't entertain such nonsense,” Calla replied, fury crackling in her voice.

As Katrina continued her plea, Calla, torn between her own needs and her desire to maintain a facade of superiority, found herself engaged in an unexpected verbal dance within the luxurious tent. The tension escalated as Katrina's clever distraction tactics tested the limits of Calla's patience.

Katrina quickly noticed that Calla’s bladder had now reached 85% thanks to the diuretic. The acolyte realized that she must be surprised at the increase of urgency and probably a little worried. She just needed to distract her a bit longer. Unfortunately, Katrina's own desperation grew as she maintained her facade of feigned shyness and urgency.

Katrina, looking down at her feet, mumbled, “Lady Calla, I beg your pardon, but the urgency is unbearable. If I may, could I use your chamber pot just this once?”

Calla, visibly annoyed, responded with an air of superiority. She scoffed scornfully. “You must be joking. My chamber pot is not for common acolytes to use at their whim.”

“My lady, I assure you, it's a matter of utmost discomfort. Your generosity would be a blessing.”

“Find another solution. I won't entertain such requests.”

Katrina, pushing the act further, bowed her head in apparent submission. “Lady Calla, I understand your reservations, but the need is dire. Please, a moment's relief.”

Calla, growing increasingly frustrated, raised her voice. “I won't repeat myself. Find another solution.”

Katrina, seizing the opportunity to test Calla's patience, persisted in her plea. “Lady Calla, I beg you, consider the torment of an acolyte's plight. A moment's grace would be an eternal favor.”

“Unbelievable! You have some nerve. I won't allow it.”

Katrina, noticing the subtle signs of Calla's discomfort, decided to take the act to its limit.

Pretending to be on the verge of tears she said “Lady Calla, please, I beg you. It's unbearable”

Calla, unable to contain her frustration, finally snapped. “Fine! Use it! Just hurry up and get out.”

As Katrina entered the tent to use the chamber pot, Calla, in a fit of exasperation, couldn't help but reveal the true reason for her urgency. “And make it quick! I need it right after you!”

Katrina, with a subtle smirk hidden behind her facade, seized the momentary victory in the ongoing banter, leaving Calla fuming with a mix of embarrassment and annoyance.

“Attendant, fetch my chamber pot for this acolyte,” Calla hissed.

The attendant, heeding Calla's orders, brought forth an ornate chamber pot for Katrina's use. Its delicate design spoke of opulence, with intricate patterns of gold filigree adorning the porcelain surface. The chamber pot, seemingly fit for royalty, was an embodiment of the luxurious lifestyle within the tent.

Katrina, maintaining her act, received the chamber pot with feigned gratitude. However, as she pretended to handle it, she let the vessel slip from her grasp. The chamber pot plummeted to the ground, shattering into pieces with a resonating crash.

Katrina immediately faked distress. “Oh, dear Lady Calla, my sincere apologies. It slipped from my hands.”

Calla, her annoyance reaching new heights, glared at Katrina. “You clumsy fool! That was an expensive chamber pot. What have you done?”

Katrina, pretending to be apologetic, began to scramble after the shattered porcelain pieces.

“Lady Calla, I'm so sorry. Let me gather the pieces, and I'll find a way to make amends”

As Katrina continued her feigned apologies, Calla's impatience reached a breaking point. “Forget the pieces! Just leave! I'll deal with this myself.”

Katrina, with an inward satisfaction at the success of her distraction, made a hasty exit from the tent. Left alone, Calla, now openly fidgeting, couldn't contain her anger. “I can't wait any longer. Attend to me now!”

The attendant, flustered by the situation, rushed to assist Calla as she performed an open pee dance, her urgency reaching its peak. The tent, once a domain of opulence, now bore witness to the unintended chaos caused by the interplay of scheming and urgency.

As Katrina peered back at the spoilt woman, she noted that the woman’s bladder was now at 93%.

In her flustered state, Calla's usually immaculate appearance was disheveled. Her opulent attire, once a symbol of noble grace, was now crumpled and unkempt. Strands of her elegantly styled hair had escaped their constraints, framing her face in a disarray that contradicted her usual air of refinement.

Fear flickered in Calla's eyes as the urgency within her intensified. The polished facade she so carefully maintained was replaced by a vulnerability that echoed in her gaze. The golden ornaments adorning her attire now seemed to clash with the discomfort etched across her countenance.

Her fidgeting was more pronounced, her movements betraying the struggle to maintain composure. The throbbing sensation in her nethers added to her predicament, a discomfort that heightened her desperation.

The attendant moved with a heightened sense of urgency to assist. The once poised and haughty Lady Calla, now caught in the throes of an unexpected predicament, became a scene of disarray and discomfort.

Calla, flustered and desperate, couldn't contain her frustration, and her voice rose into a yell. “Attend to me properly! What's taking so long?”

The attendant, trying to remedy the situation, hurriedly attended to Calla's needs. However, Calla's irritation escalated, and her eyes welled up with petulant tears. “This is unacceptable! I demand better service. My father will hear about this!”

Katrina watched from the curtains near the front of the tent as Calla’s bladder ticked from 96% up to 97%. The woman was going to explode with pee any moment.

As Calla berated the attendant, she simultaneously scrambled after the broken fragments of the chamber pot, her desperate attempt to salvage the situation evident in her erratic movements. The once-elegant Lady Calla now appeared as a chaotic whirlwind of frustration. “Can't you do anything right? I can't believe this is happening.”

In her fervor to restore the chamber pot, Calla's hands fumbled with the broken pieces, and her attempts to reform it became increasingly futile. The tears in her eyes mirrored the shattered porcelain at her feet.

Amidst the chaos, the urgency that had been building within Calla reached a critical point. As she continued her distressed efforts, the first leaks betrayed the loss of control. Panic flashed in her eyes, but she pressed on, refusing to acknowledge the impending accident. Katrina watched as the percentage number dropped slightly, from 98% back to 96%.

The fabric of Calla’s elaborate gown, once a symbol of nobility, now clung to her in a dampened state. The intricate embroidery and delicate fabrics were marred by the unexpected mishap, transforming the opulent attire into a scene of unfortunate disarray.

Frustrated and panicked, she blurted, “I won't let this ruin me. Father mustn't find out. Hurry up!”

Despite her determination, the inevitable happened. The unfortunate accident unfolded, and as the realization struck Calla, her face transformed from frustration to a mix of shock and embarrassment. Pee streamed down her legs, saturating her stockings and pantyhose. She let out a soft gasp, as the torrent splattered against the floor of the tent, spraying all over her elegant shoes and the shoes of her attendant.

“No, no, this can't be happening!”

As Calla's petulant tears mixed with the distress of her failed attempts, the situation took an undeniable turn for the worse. The urgency that had driven her to the point of desperation now manifested in an accident that left her mortified. The attendant stated in disbelief, his mouth gently agape.

The once-elegant Lady Calla Vasqo, who had demanded perfection and superiority, found herself amidst the shattered remnants of a chamber pot, soaked fabrics, and the undeniable consequences of her own distress. The opulence of the tent now bore witness to a vulnerability that starkly contrasted with the aristocratic airs she had presented moments before. In the unexpected mishap, the carefully constructed facade of Lady Calla crumbled, leaving her grappling with both the shattered porcelain and her own pride.

The once-opulent tent, now a chaotic scene of shattered porcelain and petulant tears, bore witness to the unexpected unraveling of Lady Calla Vasqo.

——-

Katrina smiled from her hiding spot near the front of the tent, as she witnessed her target wet herself. Vengeance had been served, and in an instant Paelea herself appeared in front of Katrina in a hazy vision.

The brunette goddess stepped forward, her arms outstretched and nipple exposed as usual. She embraced Katrina, kissed her forehead and drew back, smiling so hard that her golden eyes crinkled in the corners.

“You have done well, my young acolyte. You carry out your duty with diligence and effectiveness,” Paelea beamed.

“I seek only to serve,” Katrina replied, bowing. Her bladder throbbed in her abdomen as she bent forward, but she did her best to ignore it.

“Vengeance is as wet as the eyes of those it tarnishes,” Paelea nodded. “Our work here is done. You are free of my blessing and May now relieve yourself.”

“Thank you Paelea, I have need most urgently,” Katrina fidgeted, doing her undergarments were dangerously close to growing wet with her own pee.

“I can see that, my acolyte. It is the burden you must bear when wielding aspects of my powers,” Paelea said softly, running her hand gently down the front of Katrina’s robes and over her distended bladder. She gently pushed the acolyte robes in and ran her hand over Katrina’s crotch below, sending a shiver down the blonde girl’s spine.

“Please, o mighty goddess! May I go relieve myself? I am beginning to leak into my garments,” Katrina implored, as a warm spurt saturated the cloth between her legs.

“As much as it would please me to see you wet, you have done enough holy servitude this day,” Paelea acquiesced.

“Thank you goddess!”

“Go with my blessing,” Paelea stated, before kissing Katrina’s forehead and scattering into mist.

Katrina was left alone, her right hand pressed firmly against her crotch, wondering if she’d make it to a chamber pot in time. Only time would tell…

*007*2024-01-14 23:15

{{21 hours ago, nananabatman said:

I'm loving the story. Very good idea, looking forward to seeing how it continues. the bladder meter makes it even better

}}

Thank you! Is there anything in particular you’d like to see?

{{2 hours ago, warham1995 said:

Do people chosen by Pealea have a mark or tattoo that signifies that the goddess has blessed them or are they chosen by birth to be her disciple and why did she pick Katrina out of all the mothers, acolytes, and mother superiors in the temple?

}}

No marks or tattoos to demonstrate blessing. Potential acolytes apply to join the temple, and they have to pass a series of tests. Favour from the goddess is earned, although Katrina is a special case.

*009*2024-01-15 18:19

{{15 hours ago, warham1995 said:

How is Katrina a special case, please explain?

}}

This will be explained as the story progresses.

{{15 hours ago, warham1995 said:

More backstory for Katrina?

}}

More backstory for Katrina and most of your questions will be answered eventually in the coming chapters as we explore more of the temple.

*014*2024-01-22 16:51

Chapter 3: Dwindling Powers and a Growing Need

Peak midday was one of the busiest times in the Great Bazaar of Gumbacha. As the blazing sun bore down on the vendors, oxen carts trundled past loaded with treasures from the various corners of the globe. As Katrina rushed between the stalls, in an urgent attempt to find somewhere to relieve herself, she spied a patrol of Imperium Soldiers inspecting booths, presumable looking for a fugitive.

Katrina instinctively ducked her head in avoidance. Although Gumbacha was outside the borders of the Imperium’s vast influence, the soldiers were notably secular and known for giving priests and priestesses from Gumbacha a hard time.

The elves of the Imperium hold secular beliefs deeply rooted in a reverence for knowledge, nature, and the pursuit of artistic endeavors. Their culture places a significant emphasis on intellectual pursuits, craftsmanship, and the appreciation of the natural world. The Imperium elves often find spiritual fulfillment in the beauty of their creations and the harmonious balance with nature.

In contrast, the elves tend to harbor a strong dislike for what they perceive as pagan beliefs. They may view practices involving deities and rituals with skepticism, preferring to attribute phenomena to natural forces or the achievements of their own craftsmanship and intellect. This disdain for pagan traditions is often accompanied by a sense of superiority, considering their secular approach as more enlightened.

Amidst the vibrant hustle of the Great Bazaar, two particular female elven soldiers patrolled with an air of both elegance and martial prowess. Clad in sleek black armor that melded seamlessly with the shadows, they moved with a fluidity that spoke of both agility and discipline.

Their armor, crafted with elven precision, boasted intricate patterns reminiscent of delicate vines and leaves etched into the ebony surface. The black metal, almost iridescent in the sunlight, hinted at an otherworldly craftsmanship that marked them as warriors of the highest caliber.

The elven soldiers wore flowing cloaks, also black, that billowed gracefully behind them as they navigated the labyrinthine stalls of the bazaar. Their sharp elven features and keen eyes scanned the crowds, every movement deliberate and poised, as they sought out potential fugitives.

Each soldier wielded a slender, curved blade – an elegant weapon that reflected both artistry and deadly intent. Their elven ears, pointed and alert, caught even the faintest whispers in the chaotic symphony of the market.

As they patrolled, the two elven soldiers moved in unison, a silent dance through the colorful tapestry of the Great Bazaar. The juxtaposition of their elegant armor against the vibrant marketplace highlighted the enigmatic presence they brought to their duty of maintaining order and pursuing fugitives within the bustling area.

The two elven soldiers, clad in their intricately detailed black armor, observed with keen eyes as Katrina hurried through the Great Bazaar. The flowing robes of her priest attire billowed slightly as she navigated the bustling crowds, attempting to blend into the vibrant tapestry of the market.

Katrina's head scarf was wrapped tightly around her face, concealing much of her features, and she kept her head down to avoid attracting unnecessary attention. The elven soldiers, perceptive to even the subtlest movements, noticed her attempt to move discreetly towards the public latrines.

As Katrina weaved through the lively marketplace, her hurried pace and furtive glances betrayed a sense of urgency. The elven soldiers, trained to discern peculiar behavior, exchanged a knowing glance, their eyes following Katrina's path.

As the elven soldiers observed Katrina's furtive movements in the Great Bazaar, a sense of mystery and suspicion lingered in the air. Deciding that her behavior warranted investigation, they swiftly closed the distance between them and the young priestess.

The black-armored elves, skilled in the arts of tracking and apprehension, began to pursue Katrina through the lively marketplace. The crowds parted instinctively as they closed in, their swift and silent steps weaving through the tapestry of stalls and shoppers.

Caught in the unfolding chase, Katrina's headscarf, wrapped tightly around her face, started to loosen. The elven soldiers, now determined to unravel the mystery, closed in on her with an unyielding resolve.

In a moment of pursuit, the headscarf slipped from Katrina's face, revealing the fear in her eyes. The once-discreet priestess, now exposed, fidgeted with a mix of nervousness and urgency. Her full bladder added a layer of discomfort to the unfolding drama.

The elven soldiers, closing in on their target, seized the opportunity to apprehend Katrina. The contrast between the intricate patterns of their black armor and the vulnerability of the young priestess unfolded in a tense scene. With a swift and calculated motion, they surrounded her, ensuring there was no escape from their determined pursuit.

Katrina found herself at the mercy of the elven soldiers, her mission interrupted by the unwavering pursuit of those skilled in the arts of detection and capture. As they grasped her arm, the commanding tone of one soldier pierced the ambient chaos.

"Halt! State your business."

The other soldier, with a steely gaze, pressed further. "What brings a priestess like you to move so furtively through the Great Bazaar?"

Katrina, her headscarf now fallen and desperation etched on her face, attempted to convey her innocence amid their relentless inquiry.

"I mean no harm. I'm just trying to get to the public latrines," she nervously pleaded.

The skepticism in the soldiers' eyes remained palpable, and the first soldier spoke again. "A priestess with urgency for the latrines? I find that hard to believe."

The second soldier piped up with some probing inquiries. "What were you really up to? Thievery, perhaps?"

"No, I swear. I have no intentions other than reaching the latrines. Please, you must believe me," Katrina insisted.

The soldiers exchanged glances, their scrutiny unwavering.

The first soldier spoke with firm authority. "I'm Captain Thalron, and this is Lieutenant Elara. We find you acting suspiciously, and you expect us to believe you're on a simple trip to the latrines?"

Lieutenant Elara, arms crossed, spoke next. "You better start talking, or this might get unpleasant."

Frustration etched Katrina's features. "I'm telling the truth! I have an urgent need to pee, and I'm just trying to relieve myself. Please, let me go."

As the soldiers introduced themselves, the air in the crowded Great Bazaar grew heavier with tension. The once-simple mission to reach the latrines had transformed into an unexpected encounter with the formidable Captain Thalron and Lieutenant Elara, adding an additional layer of complexity to Katrina's desperate situation.

Captain Thalron and Lieutenant Elara exchanged glances, commiserating over the perplexing situation. Despite Katrina's pleas, they shared a silent agreement that they needed to take her back to their ship for further questioning.

Captain Thalron whispered to her companion. "This is peculiar, Elara. We can't simply let her go."

Lieutenant Elara nodded. “Agreed, Captain. But we need to tread carefully."

As the elves deliberated, Katrina's desperation became increasingly visible. The tears that welled in her eyes hinted at the overwhelming stress of the situation. Unbeknownst to the soldiers, the urgency she felt manifested not only in her words but also in the subtle wetness that dampened her undergarments.

Katrina gulped back tears. "Please, I beg you. I'm innocent! Just let me go to the latrines."

Captain Thalron smiled sympathetically, shaking her head. “Innocent or not, we can't ignore the suspicions surrounding your actions."

Lieutenant Elara nodded."You'll have a chance to explain yourself, but we must investigate this matter thoroughly."

As the bickering continued, Katrina's pleas grew more desperate. "I can't hold it any longer. Let me go, please!"

Captain Thalron eyed her up in down, her gaze poring over the white robes. "You claim innocence, yet your urgency for the latrines raises questions."

Lieutenant Elara knew that the girl must need to pee, but they could not just let her go. "We have our duty. We can't release you until we get to the bottom of this."

Tears streamed down Katrina's face, mirroring the internal struggle she faced. "I'm not a criminal! I just need to use the latrines!"

Captain Thalron: "This is no simple matter. We need to bring you in for questioning. It's for everyone's safety."

In the crowded marketplace, Katrina's pleas echoed, unheard or unheeded by those who had the power to decide her fate.

—————

Amid the crowded Great Bazaar, Captain Thalron and Lieutenant Elara led Katrina towards their ship, a sense of trepidation accompanying their every step. The market's vibrant stalls seemed to taunt Katrina with various watery temptations as they passed by barrels of glistening fruits and merchants offering fragrant spices. The sound of trickling fountains and the sight of sparkling ornamental pools only heightened Katrina's desperation.

As they moved through the marketplace, Katrina's urgency became increasingly apparent. Her attempts to suppress the warm leaks were evident in the subtle wriggling and fidgeting, the hand discreetly placed at her crotch betraying the struggle to maintain composure. Tiny rivulets traced a path down her inner thighs, an unintended consequence of her desperate attempts to halt the inevitable.

The people they passed couldn't help but notice Katrina's distress. Whispers spread through the marketplace as onlookers exchanged puzzled glances. The once-proud priestess was now reduced to a figure of sympathy and curiosity.

Katrina, her cheeks flushed with embarrassment, pleaded with the elves. “Please, I implore you, let me use the latrines. I can't hold it any longer."

Captain Thalron shook her head. "We have our orders, and your actions are too suspicious to ignore. This is for the safety of everyone. We can't risk releasing you."

Despite the public spectacle and Katrina's desperate pleas, the determined elves continued to lead her towards their ship, dragging her despite the growing awareness of her predicament among the onlooking crowd. The echoes of commotion in the Great Bazaar followed them, an ominous backdrop to Katrina's unintentional display of vulnerability.

The Imperium warship, with its sleek black hull, loomed over the bustling port like a silent guardian. Moored between weathered fishing trawlers, its presence exuded an air of authority and command. The vessel's elven craftsmanship was evident in the intricate details etched into the obsidian surface, a stark contrast to the more utilitarian ships surrounding it.

As Captain Thalron and Lieutenant Elara approached the imposing warship, the commotion of the Great Bazaar gradually faded behind them. The elves, undeterred by Katrina's pleas and the evident discomfort of her predicament, continued to lead her up the gangway onto the formidable vessel.

The warship, a symbol of the Imperium's might, cast its shadow over the port as they crossed the threshold. The air on the ship was tinged with the scent of saltwater and the creaking of rigging, and elven sailors rushed back and forth on deck.

As Katrina was dragged onto the black-hulled warship, the port activity continued around them, oblivious to the unfolding drama. The Imperium warship, with its looming presence and mysterious aura, became the stage for the next chapter in Katrina's unexpected journey.

Katrina wriggled in Lieutenant Elara’s grasp. Thanks to Paelea’s powers, she could see that her own bladder was at 97%, the most full it had ever been while she’d had the powers. Since she retained the powers of the goddess until she peed next, Katrina still had numerous abilities at her fingertips. Perhaps she’d be able to use some to her advantage to make it to a latrine unsullied. Glancing at Elara, she noticed that the elf’s bladder was at 70%. If she raised it slightly, maybe the elf would get distracted and she could slip away to a latrine.

“Would it be wrong to misuse the goddess’ powers?” Katrina whispered to herself.

“What?” Captain Thalron asked as she led the way across the deck.

“Nothing!” Katrina squeaked before closing her eyes in prayer. “Oh Paelea, please forgive me!”

In a sense, Katrina rationalized that this was an act of vengeance too. Her captors had profiled her unfairly and she was just serving them a slight comeuppance. Pointing her arm at Lieutenant Elara’s abdomen, and cupping her hand into a “C”, Katrina muttered “Blessed Paelea, grant me your favour!”

Immediately the elf’s bladder contracted. This was yet another of Paelea’s powers, the ability to temporarily shrink someone’s bladder. It was one of the hardest powers to master and Katrina hadn’t yet gotten it to work consistently, but desperate times called for desperate measures.

Lieutenant Elara gasped. Glancing over her head, Katrina saw that her bladder was now at 89%. She had succeeded in a large contraction and the elven soldier was clearly feeling it.

Hearing the gasp, Captain Thalron looked inquiringly at her partner. “Is everything alright, lieutenant?”

“Yes,” Lieutenant Elara replied sheepishly, stepping side to side. “I think my bladder is just having some sympathy with the prisoner.”

Captain Thalron laughed in response. “Hold it for the next half hour and then we have break. I’ll help you with your armour then. In the meantime, take the priestess to the interrogation chamber.”

“Of course Captain, sounds good,” Elara replied, but secretly she couldn’t help but wonder if she was going to make it. Normally she was not this desperate with a half hour to go in her patrol.

Lieutenant Elara, determined and unyielding, led Katrina through the corridors of the imposing warship. The atmosphere on the vessel was heavy with the scent of salt and the low hum of activity, creating an eerie backdrop for the unfolding drama.

As they approached the brig, where the interrogation chamber awaited, Katrina's consistent leaks had become increasingly evident. Each step she took seemed to exacerbate the situation, small rivulets running down her inner thighs, a silent testimony to her desperate struggle.

Lieutenant Elara, despite her stoic facade, couldn't ignore the growing desperation within herself. The once-authoritative elf now wrestled with an unforeseen challenge, torn between her duty and the unfolding discomfort of the situation.

Elara spoke in a guarded tone. "We're almost there. Save your explanations for the interrogation."

Katrina, her face flushed with embarrassment and tears welling in her eyes, struggled to maintain composure. “Please, I can't endure this any longer. Just let me use the latrine."

Elara shook her head. As she led Katrina toward the interrogation chamber, her own unexpected discomfort gnawed at her. The stoic elf, known for her unwavering resolve, found herself grappling with a brimming bladder of her own. The pressure built steadily, exacerbating the discomfort within her armor.

Elara, attempting to maintain her authoritative demeanor, couldn't ignore the persistent urgency that mirrored Katrina's plight. The intricate black armor, once a symbol of strength and discipline, now bore witness to a different kind of struggle as Elara subtly shifted, trying to find relief from the increasing discomfort.

The familiar weight of the armor, usually a second skin for the seasoned lieutenant, became an added challenge. The metallic plates seemed to press against her with a newfound insistence, each step a reminder of the growing need for release.

Elara led Katrina into the brig, where the interrogation chamber loomed ahead. The stark contrast between the cold metal surroundings and Katrina's vulnerability created an unsettling tension within the confined space.

Despite her own predicament, Elara pressed forward, leading Katrina into the dimly lit interrogation chamber. The juxtaposition of the impending questioning and the silent battle with personal discomfort heightened the complexity of the situation, underscoring the vulnerability that transcended the boundaries of duty within the confined space of the warship's brig.

As they entered the interrogation chamber, Katrina's desperation reached a critical point. Elara, despite her resolve, couldn't ignore the reality of the situation. The impending interrogation now shared the stage with an unexpected struggle, as Katrina felt her pubes and inner thighs growing increasingly soaked. Thankfully, glancing above Elara’s head she saw that the soldier was now at 92%. Hopefully she’d break soon.

Katrina herself was at 98%. The continuous leaks had stopped her capacity from increasing too dramatically but she was still on the brink of a full blown accident. She knew she smelled faintly of pee but she vanished the thought from her mind.

In the dimly lit interrogation chamber, Lieutenant Elara assumed a stern posture, the severity of her gaze aimed at Katrina, who stood under the weight of suspicion.

Elara spoke in an authoritative tone. “You stand accused of theft from an Imperium barge. We'll get to the bottom of this."

Katrina, a mix of fear and desperation in her eyes, responded with urgency.

Katrina replied defensively. “I'm innocent! I don't know anything about stolen grain barrels."

As the interrogation unfolded, both women struggled to conceal their growing discomfort. The pressure in their bladders intensified, and subtle movements betrayed the silent battle within their armored confines.

Elara pressed the priestess. "We have eyewitness accounts placing you near the scene. Explain that."

Katrina answered frantically. “I was merely passing by in the bazaar after visiting the tent of the Elephant Merchants. I had nothing to do with it. I knew nothing was stolen!”

As they exchanged words, the leaks became more pronounced. Katrina's robes clung to her, small wet patches revealing the struggle she tried desperately to hide. Elara, too, fought against the growing discomfort in her armor.

Elara tried to keep her composure. "Why were you in that vicinity? What were you doing?"

Katrina was panicking. "I—I was heading to the latrines from the Elephant Merchants’ tent. That's all!"

Despite their efforts, the unavoidable truth became apparent. Both women, standing on opposite sides of the interrogation, were now sharing an unexpected and vulnerable experience. Subtle shuffling and fidgeting betrayed their attempts to stave off the inevitable.

Elara spoke in a strained voice. “Enough of these excuses. We know you were involved."

Katrina pleaded desperately. “Please, I beg you to believe me. I'm innocent."

The interrogation room, once a place of authority, became a stage for a silent battle of desperation. The women, bound by duty and an unforeseen struggle, tried to maintain composure even as their armor bore witness to the unintended consequences of a seemingly straightforward investigation.

As Elara pressed on with the interrogation, a subtle realization dawned upon both women. Their eyes met briefly, and in that shared moment, each could see the telltale signs of impending accidents.

Elara spoke with growing urgency. "Your presence near the stolen barrels raises suspicion. We need the truth."

Katrina, beads of sweat forming on her forehead, struggled to maintain composure. "I swear, I'm innocent. Please, I need to use the latrine."

The subtle shuffling and fidgeting became more pronounced, and Elara, in her authoritative stance, couldn't ignore the increasing discomfort beneath her armor. "Your excuses won't save you. We—"

Before Elara could finish her sentence, her first subtle trickle betrayed the limits of restraint. At the same time, a small, warm stream began to escape, staining the inner layers of Katrina's robes. The priestess, mortified, tried to conceal the evidence with a desperate shift.

Katrina let out a soft whisper. "I can't hold it anymore. Please, let me go."

Elara, aware of the inevitable, felt a similar warmth spreading beneath her armor. The once-stoic lieutenant fought to maintain composure even as the first signs of her own accident became evident. "Your pleas won't change the facts. We—"

The unintentional release continued, and Elara's resolve wavered. A tiny rivulet traced a path down her inner thigh, the discomfort in her armor now accompanied by the undeniable evidence of her own struggle.

Katrina was still teary-eyed. “I'm not lying. Please, just listen."

As the unexpected shared vulnerability unfolded, the once-authoritative interrogation room became a witness to a different kind of struggle. Both women, bound by circumstance and a shared predicament, now faced the daunting reality of a situation that had spiraled far beyond the expected bounds of a routine investigation.

Katrina, tears welling in her eyes, pleaded with desperation as her bladder gave in to the inevitable. “I'm telling the truth. Please, I can't endure this any longer."

Elara, still attempting to maintain authority, felt her own bladder reach its limit. The subtle warmth spread, and the lieutenant's stoic expression began to crumble. "Your lies won't save you. We—"

Before Elara could finish her sentence, Katrina's final surrender to the overwhelming pressure was evident. The tears mixed with a quiet whimper as the priestess succumbed to the unavoidable release, her robes now soaked with evidence of her plight.

Katrina whispered softly, "I-I'm sorry goddess."

Elara, facing her own internal struggle, fought to maintain composure as the final moments of restraint slipped away. The warmth beneath her armor intensified, and a subtle rivulet made its way down her inner thigh. The once-authoritative lieutenant now grappled with the undignified reality of an accident. Clenching her teeth, she spat, “Your theatrics won't change the truth. We—"

Her words faltered as Elara's own bladder betrayed her resolve. The once-imposing lieutenant, now overcome by the shared vulnerability, experienced the final release, the dampness spreading through the intricate patterns of her black armor.

Elara stuttered awkwardly, unsure what she’d tell her superiors. "I-I…"

In the silence that followed, both women stood soaked and vulnerable. The interrogation room, once a bastion of authority, now bore witness to the aftermath of a unique and unexpected kind of struggle, leaving the echoes of their shared predicament lingering in the dimly lit space.

Katrina felt the powers fading, as her empty bladder signified the end of her blessing. Her robes were damp with her shame and she stank of pee. She also couldn’t help but pant from the relief she had now been granted. She uttered thanks to Paelea. “O goddess, thank you for not leaving me alone in my shame.”

Across from her, Lieutenant Elara was distraught. As she sat in her now sodden underclothes and dripping black armour, she began to snivel and weep softly. How was she ever going to tell her superiors what had happened?

Gathering her composure, the elf stood up in the dimly lit interrogation chamber, her once-imposing figure now transformed into a soggy mess. The intricate patterns of her black armor were marred by the unmistakable evidence of the recent accident.

Elara's normally stern expression had long since given way to a mix of embarrassment and distress. Her wet, clinging armor bore witness to the unexpected vulnerability that had unfolded during the ill-fated interrogation. The once-authoritative lieutenant, now soaked and disheveled, struggled to reconcile the reality of the situation with the disciplined image she usually projected.

The silence lingered, broken only by the subtle sounds of the ship and the echoes of a once-authoritative atmosphere. Katrina stood in her damp robes and bowed to the weeping lieutenant.

With a hint of sass in her voice, she asked firmly. “I trust all is in order and the investigation is complete? I shall be on my way now, as we both need time to refresh ourselves.”

Lieutenant Elara could only nod softly through her tears. There was no point continuing to harass the priestess, she had had nothing to do with the robbery.

Katrina stood, dripping golden specks of pee, and strode from the room. It was time to return to Paelea’s temple.

*018*2024-01-26 02:52

{{On 1/22/2024 at 6:47 PM, warham1995 said:

I bet mother falomer will not be happy to get the report of one of her acolytes getting arrested for a crime that they didn't commit, but at the same time get angry with Katrina for being late for temple duties and supposedly misusing the blessing of the goddess.

}}

The next chapter centers around Mother Falomer! Stay tuned!

{{On 1/23/2024 at 5:32 PM, nananabatman said:

We will see how it affects using the powers without being a commission.

}}

There will be consequences, but likely not in the way you'd expect...

*021*2024-02-07 01:11

Chapter 4: Mother Falomer’s Jealousy

Mother Arwen Falomer awoke in her small bedchamber in the east facing corner of the temple. This particular area held the chambers where all of the highest devotees of Paelea lived, and as a result Arwen had lived there for the past ten years. It was forbidden for the Holy Mothers of Paelea to have families or sexual relations of any kind, so the spartan chambers with little sound protection were not a true problem.

Arwen quickly felt the bed beneath her in hopes to find it sodden with pee. Unfortunately, the bed was dry as it was on most mornings showing that the goddess had once again not chosen her to do her bidding. Shrugging aside her disappointment, Arwen lay prone and decided to soak in a bit more rest before the acolytes arrived for their morning duties.

As was her routine every morning, Arwen Falomer reached below the covers and eased her dress-like nightclothes up over her knees and past her waist. Reaching her right hand between her legs, she rubbed herself to a satisfactory climax before rising to brew herself a warm cup of tea. As the kettle reached a boil on her room’s tiny iron stovetop, she heard three quick knocks at the door. Rushing to answer it, she found herself face to face with Mother Bovaline, her next door neighbour. Mother Bovaline was 30 years of age, and a rather pretty woman despite her pale complexion. Her brown hair was done up in a bun and her features were thin and piercing.

“Mother Falomer, Acolyte 3784 has arrived with sodden undergarments yet again. It seems the goddess has chosen to bless her once more,” Mother Bovaline spoke brusquely.

Arwen felt a pang of jealousy shoot through her, like a fishing hook tugging at her heart. It had been well over 8 years since her last time being bestowed the powers, yet this acolyte had been chosen four times in her first year. It simply was not fair.

“Ah yes, Acolyte 3784. Young Katrina, I believe?” Arwen replied, trying to hide her frustration.

“Correct, Mother Falomer,” Mother Bovaline replied. “You must be so proud, since you trained her.”

“I am,” Arwen lied. “I will oversee her mission. What is on schedule for you today?”

Mother Bovaline stood proudly and raised her own nightgown to reveal damp undergarments beneath, with a faint whiff of pee to accompany them. “I believe the goddess may have summoned me as well.”

Arwen reached forward and felt the damp panties, searching for the telltale tingling sensation that shot up the arm of anyone who touched the residual urine from a Paelean summoning. As she stroked the fabric, no divine spark could be felt.

“I hate to disappoint, Mother Bovaline,” Arwen said sympathetically. “But I believe this an ordinary bedwetting. I did not feel the tingle, and we did drink copious amounts of wine before bed.”

Mother Bovaline’s face fell and she retreated quickly, her ears flushing red and she returned to her chamber to change. Arwen was soon stripping out of her own bedclothes and donning her holy attire.

As Mother Falomer, the High Priestess of Paelea, she wore elaborate and sacred attire befitting her esteemed position. Her holy garments were a reflection of her connection to the Gumbachan goddess of wet revenge.

She wore a flowing robe crafted from ethereal fabrics that shimmered in hues reminiscent of the ocean – deep blues, sea greens, and iridescent teals. The intricate embroidery depicted swirling waves, aquatic flora, and mystical symbols associated with Paelea.

A delicate headpiece adorned Mother Falomer's brow, fashioned in the likeness of oceanic elements. Pearls, shells, and intricate metalwork came together, creating a crown that symbolized both regality and divine connection.

Around her neck, she wore a pendant featuring a sacred emblem – an artistic representation of Paelea's influence over water, revenge, and the ebb and flow of fate. The pendant hung gracefully, a testament to Mother Falomer's role as a conduit between the mortal realm and the divine waters.

Her attire exuded an aura of reverence and authority, a visual manifestation of the sacred responsibilities entrusted to her as a Holy Mother. In the city of Gumbacha, she stood as a beacon of divine presence, her holy attire a testament to the goddess's influence over the watery realms of both revenge and redemption.

————

As the first light of dawn painted the sky with hues of soft pink and orange, the Temple of Paelea stirred with anticipation. Acolytes, clad in simple white robes, gathered at the sacred place for their duties under the watchful eye of Mother Falomer.

The temple's architecture, adorned with aquatic motifs and symbols of divine water, stood as a testament to the goddess Paelea's influence. The air was filled with a sense of reverence and purpose as the acolytes arrived, their footsteps echoing in the sacred space.

Mother Falomer, resplendent in her holy attire that mirrored the colors of the morning sky, awaited their arrival with a serene countenance. Alongside her stood Mother Mayhew, a fellow priestess devoted to the goddess' teachings.

As the acolytes approached, Arwen greeted each with a warm smile and a gentle touch. Her hands, adorned with sacred symbols, conveyed blessings and encouragement. Mother Mayhew mirrored the gestures, adding her own words of guidance and support.

The hustle and bustle of the dawn meeting created a symphony of whispered prayers, rustling robes, and the occasional sound of water vessels being prepared for the day's rituals. Arwen's presence exuded a sense of maternal care as she bestowed blessings upon each acolyte, acknowledging their dedication to the service of Paelea.

The sacred ambiance was heightened by the soft murmur of the temple's water features, contributing to the overall serenity of the dawn gathering. Under the watchful gaze of Arwen and Mother Mayhew, the acolytes embraced their duties with a renewed sense of purpose, ready to carry out the divine tasks entrusted to them in service of the watery goddess.

As predicted, Katrina was the last acolyte to arrive. Although she had sent word of her blessing from the goddess by carrier pigeon, she was still fumbling with her headscarf as she arrived panting. Arwen was shocked that the goddess Paelea would take a liking to such a frazzled and disorganized individual.

In a sudden flurry of hurried footsteps, Acolyte Katrina, with disheveled blonde hair peeking out from under her shawl, arrived at the temple breathless, scrolls clutched tightly against her chest.

Katrina's lithe form was clad in the pristine white acolyte robes, adorned with symbols representing the goddess Paelea's connection to water and revenge. The fabric, though slightly tousled from her haste, bore no stains, a testament to her commitment to the sacred duties.

Her facial features reflected a blend of determination and a touch of worry. Bright blue eyes, framed by delicate lashes, held a spark of fervor as she navigated the bustling surroundings. A few stray locks of blonde hair escaped the confines of her shawl, adding a touch of untamed wildness to her appearance.

Despite the urgency that marked her arrival, Katrina's grace and composure remained evident in the way she carried herself. The scrolls in her grasp, containing the sacred teachings and rituals, were a symbol of her dedication to the goddess's wisdom.

As Katrina joined the assembly of acolytes, Mother Falomer's gaze fell upon her. The high priestess recognized the blend of determination and breathless urgency in the young acolyte's eyes, acknowledging her commitment to the divine duties even in the haste of the early morning.

When it was finally her turn to be greeted by Mother Falomer, Katrina stepped forward and knelt.

“I have been chosen again, Mother Falomer,” Katrina said as she examined the holy mother’s feet. “I have released the holy waters during my respite.”

With a flourish, she raised her white robes and revealed her damp undergarments to the woman. The discolouration on the front of the brown loins smelt faintly of pee, although it had begun to dry.

Arwen reached forward, her fingers brushing against the moist fabric. Sure enough, a tingle shot up her spine and the hairs on her arm immediately stood on end. She inhaled sharply, surprised as usual by the sensation.

“Indeed, the goddess summons you again, child,” she said, hiding her annoyance. Katrina had been chosen for the fourth time since she had become an acolyte, more times than many priestesses of Paelea experienced in half a decade.

“May I fetch the Vision Fruit?” Katrina asked.

“Ay child, but know this. I shall be joining you on your mission today. It is time that your skills were evaluated,” Arwen said coolly.

Katrina’s face blanched for a half second, as she could not help but wonder if her incident with the Imperium guards had been discovered. Was she in trouble for using Paelea’s power for her own personal sense of Justice? Would she be expelled from the temple?

Arwen sensed the young woman’s concern and smiled. “You are not in trouble child, it is simply that the other holy mothers and I wish to learn why the goddess favours you in such a way”

Katrina smiled softly. “Thank you o wise mother. I would like to learn this myself. I look forward to your guidance.”

“Run along and fetch a Vision Fruit from Mother Elise in the garden,” Arwen instructed. “I shall fetch my satchel and then we shall meet by the stables and you can brief me on our mission.”

————-

Bethesda was an old ox. On freaky knees, he stood in the temple stable with a quiet, stoic demeanor. His massive frame, draped in a coarse brown harness, bore the marks of time and dedicated service. The deep, soulful eyes reflected a wisdom acquired through years of labor and devotion to the Temple of Paelea.

The temple stable, adjacent to the sacred grounds, was a simple structure made of sturdy wood and adorned with symbols of the goddess Paelea. The air within carried the comforting scent of hay and the earthy musk of Bethesda, creating an ambiance that resonated with the sanctity of the temple.

As Arwen prepared for her journey into downtown Gumbacha, she approached Bethesda with a familiarity that spoke of a deep bond. Arwen's hands moved with practiced ease as she hitched up the old ox to a weathered cart. The cart, also adorned with symbols of Paelea, was a vessel of both practicality and reverence.

The process of securing Bethesda to the cart echoed with a rhythmic harmony. Arwen spoke soothing words to the old ox, acknowledging his faithful service and imparting a sense of shared purpose. The clinking of harness buckles and the creaking of the cart wheels resonated in the stable, punctuating the morning calm.

As Arwen led Bethesda out of the stable, the duo became a symbol of the temple's connection to the surrounding world. The old ox, a venerable guardian, and the cart, a vessel of divine service, were ready to traverse the bustling streets of Gumbacha. Together, Arwen and Bethesda embodied a seamless blend of earthly duties and sacred devotion, their journey into the city a testament to the interconnectedness of the temple and the vibrant realm beyond.

“Am I late?” Katrina asked, running up to Arwen as she guided Bethesda onto the cobblestones. The clop of his hooves echoed through the quite early morning street.

“No child, you cannot be late when you’re having a vision. The vision is as long as the goddess Paelea wills it,” Arwen said gently.

Katrina shifted from foot to foot, subtly displaying the signs of the goddess’ gift weighing on her bladder. As long as she was blessed with the powers of Paelea, Katrina would have to contain her need to urinate. The young acolyte heaved a sigh of relief. “Thank goodness, I feared keeping you waiting twice in one morning.”

Arwen couldn’t help but smile at the girl’s earnest kindness. She did truly seem to mean well. “Tell me of your vision young one. What is Paelea’s bidding?”

“We are to pursue a fairy landlord down in the mage district. She has increased the rent on her tenants with no warning and forced several of them to the streets when they could not pay,” Katrina explained as she fidgeted her way up into the ox cart. Once seated, she immediately crossed her legs.

“Landlords are a common target of Paelea’s Justice,” Arwen nodded sagely. She climbed up into the cart alongside the blonde acolyte and grabbed the reigns.

————-

The oxcart, guided by Arwen with Bethesda's steady trundle, moved slowly through the cobblestone streets of Gumbacha. The rhythmic clip-clop of Bethesda's hooves echoed against the city's architecture, creating a soothing cadence that harmonized with the early morning hush.

Arwen and Katrina sat in the cart, surrounded by the sacred symbols that adorned its sides. Arwen's hands held the reins with practiced ease, steering Bethesda along the familiar routes. Katrina, beside her, observed the cityscape with a mix of reverence and curiosity, the folds of her white acolyte robes fluttering gently in the breeze.

The streets of Gumbacha, typically teeming with life, were surprisingly empty as the oxcart made its passage. The cobblestone pathways, bathed in the soft glow of morning light, seemed to stretch out in quiet anticipation. The storefronts, adorned with various wares and curiosities, bore witness to the tranquility that lingered in the early hours.

As the cart approached the Mage District, the emptiness of the streets accentuated the sacred journey. The mage towers, with their intricate spires reaching toward the sky, stood silent guardians over the city. The magical essence of the district added an ethereal touch to the morning, creating an atmosphere of mystical quietude.

Arwen and Katrina, amidst the emptiness of the streets, embodied the connection between the Temple of Paelea and the diverse districts of Gumbacha. The slow trundle of the oxcart carried with it a sense of purpose and sacred duty, weaving through the city's heart and leaving behind a trail of serene echoes in the dawn's gentle embrace.

The Mage District in Gumbacha stood as a testament to the city's magical legacy and the integration of arcane arts into everyday life. Built centuries ago, its origin lay in the city's effort to consolidate magical knowledge and practices in one centralized location.

The district's architecture was a blend of elven enchantments and human craftsmanship. Tall mage towers, adorned with intricate runes and symbols, stretched towards the sky, creating a skyline that pulsed with magical energy. Arcane bridges connected the towers, forming an intricate web that allowed mages to move effortlessly between their abodes.

The Mage District was primarily inhabited by wizards, sorcerers, and scholars devoted to the study of magic. Each tower served as both a residence and a place of magical experimentation, where practitioners delved into the mysteries of the arcane.

The wares peddled in the Mage District were a unique blend of enchanted artifacts, spell components, and magical tomes. Shops specialized in offering everything from enchanted trinkets to rare ingredients for potion-making. Bookstores showcased ancient grimoires and contemporary spellbooks, attracting both aspiring and seasoned spellcasters.

Alchemy workshops offered potions, elixirs, and magical remedies, while enchanting boutiques provided services to imbue objects with magical properties. Rare and exotic ingredients from distant lands could be found in apothecaries, catering to the specific needs of mages.

The Mage District, with its mystical ambiance and bustling magical market, was a melting pot of knowledge and power. Its streets hummed with conversations in ancient languages, and the air was charged with the scent of arcane energies. As a hub for magical learning and commerce, the district was not only a testament to Gumbacha's rich history but also a vibrant nexus where the mystical and mundane intertwined in the bustling cityscape.

The oxcart trundled through the streets until it reached the distinctive turtle shell building owned by the cruel fairy landlord. The structure itself resembled a giant turtle shell, its curved exterior crafted from enchanted materials that shimmered in iridescent hues.

As the cart pulled up to the entrance, the landlord, a fairy known for her cruelty, awaited their arrival. She stood with an air of arrogance, her beautiful features belying the malice that lurked beneath. The landlord's ethereal wings fluttered with an otherworldly grace, matching the enchantment of her residence.

Her eyes, sharp and cold, met Arwen and Katrina with disdain as they approached. Long, flowing hair cascaded down her shoulders in shimmering strands of moonlit radiance. The cruel fairy's features were almost hypnotic in their beauty, a deceptive facade concealing the darkness within.

The initial meeting unfolded with a cruel exchange as the landlord addressed Arwen and Katrina with a haughty tone. The fairy's words, like poisoned honey, dripped with disdain as she subjected them to her whims. Her demeanor, a stark contrast to the serene reverence of the Temple of Paelea, created an uncomfortable tension in the enchanting surroundings of the turtle shell building.

The cruel fairy landlord, her wings aglow with an eerie light, regarded Arwen and Katrina with a disdainful smirk. "Well, well, if it isn't the pagan imbeciles from the Temple of Paelea. To what do I owe the displeasure of your presence?"

Arwen, maintaining her composure, responded with a respectful yet firm tone. "We've come to fulfill our duties. We seek to maintain a harmonious relationship between the Temple and your residence."

The fairy landlord scoffed. "Harmonious, you say? Your presence here disrupts the very essence of my enchanting abode. Do you even comprehend the magic that flows through these walls?"

Katrina, standing by Arwen's side, spoke with genuine sincerity. "We mean no harm, only to carry out our responsibilities. Our intention is to coexist peacefully."

The landlord cackled ruefully. "Peaceful coexistence with pagan rituals? Absurd. State your business and be gone, before your imbecilic ways taint my dwelling."

Arwen, undeterred by the landlord's harsh words, tried to find common ground. "We can work together to ensure our activities do not interfere with the enchantments of your residence. Cooperation benefits both parties."

"Cooperation with pagans? That's a laughable notion. You have no right to be here. Leave now, before I decide to take more drastic measures."

The tense exchange continued, each word adding another layer to the animosity between the fairy landlord and the representatives of the Temple of Paelea. The turtle shell building, witness to the clash of differing beliefs, stood as a silent backdrop to the unfolding confrontation. Finally, the fairy spun and fluttered back into the building, yelling expletives behind her. Dramatically, she slammed the door as she went.

Arwen immediately turned to Katrina who was shifting from foot to foot in her white acolyte robes. “Did you get her? Did you cast a spell?”

Katrina nodded sagely, rubbing her distended belly with a gentle hand. “Her bladder is only at 54%… this may take awhile.”

Arwen nodded, jealously wishing that she had the divine blessing and the ability to see bladder capacity that came with it. If Katrina had put a spell on the landlady, her bladder would fill at an abnormal rate. They only needed to pursue her now and distract her from reaching a toilet.

Katrina strode to the door, careful to keep her legs close together, and knocked firmly on the oak door three times. Immediately, a long string of expletives drifted out.

“If it’s still you darn tootin pagans, you’re going to wish that you’d already died and gone to whatever icy hell you believe in!” the landlady cussed as she swung open the door.

Instantly, Arwen honed in on the elf’s fidgeting legs as she shifted in the wooden frame. Her years as a holy mother in the temple at made her much quicker to notice small ticks of desperation.

“I’m sorry ma’am,” Katrina was saying. “We were just wondering if we could use your chamberpot before we go on our way.”

“Absolutely not, I’m on my way there for a fat piss myself,” the elf spat, glaring daggers at the acolyte. “You and your master can go dampen an alley for all I care.”

Arwen knew that Katrina would love to dampen an alley from the way she was shifting, but there was a task at hand that needed to be completed. She spoke up to help the acolyte.

“It is undignified to even fathom such actions. We are willing to pay for the use of your facilities.”

The elf’s eyes widened at this. Arwen had quickly noticed she was a greedy being, and she planned to take advantage of it. Reaching into the cowhide coin purse at her belt, she fished out two Porchial Doubloons that she had won in a game of poker with the other holy mothers a few nights earlier. Although Porchial Doubloons were not one of the primary currencies of Gumbacha, they could often be used to finance illegal goods or the services of the courtesans in the Bedding District.

“I will accept payment, but you must both be fast,” the elf acquiesced, snatching the doubloons from the Holy Mother’s outstretched hand. “I do seriously need to piss like a camel from Ysaltrea!”

“By Paelea, we will take no longer than necessary,” Katrina promised with a curtsy, her cheeks flushing a light pink.

The elf spat on the ground. “No praying to gods other than Valium in my home! We are all good Forest Elves here.”

Katrina rolled her eyes before following the elf as she turned. Arwen trailed behind the acolyte across the threshold and into the building, their skirts swishing.

The foyer of the turtle shell building exuded an air of enchantment and opulence. Intricate patterns adorned the walls, shimmering with a faint magical glow. A grand staircase, carved from enchanted wood, led to the upper levels, while ornate tapestries hung from the walls, depicting scenes of fairy lore and ancient enchantments.

As Arwen and Katrina made their way through the foyer, they followed the cruel fairy landlord down a winding corridor adorned with enchanted sconces that cast a soft, ethereal light. The corridor seemed to stretch endlessly, each twist and turn revealing another glimpse of the opulent interior of the turtle shell building.

Finally, they arrived at a small, nondescript door tucked away in a secluded corner of the corridor. The cruel fairy landlord, with a disdainful flick of her hand, gestured for Arwen and Katrina to enter.

The room beyond was modest in size, with stone walls and a single small window that let in a sliver of natural light. In the center of the room sat a simple wooden chamber pot, its surface adorned with faint magical runes.

Arwen carefully shut the door behind them and shot a quiet whisper to the acolyte. “How full is she?”

“Her bladder is at 82%, but I don’t think she’s realized yet,” Katrina whispered back.

Arwen was taken aback by this. “I thought you said she was just at 54%? How’d you make it increase so quickly?”

Katrina shrugged. “I don’t know, I’m just pretty good with the goddess’ blessing.”

Arwen felt anger bubbling up inside her. Why did the goddess favour this acolyte but not her? Arwen had dedicated years of her life to Paelea, while Katrina had only given one.

“Well finish this and let’s get out of here,” Arwen hissed, annoyance apparent in her voice. “I can see you’re about to burst, yourself.”

“I am not!” Katrina replied defensively. “I have my bladder under control.”

“Whatever,” Arwen replied haughtily. “I’ll pretend I’m defecating, you go up the ante. I’ll come out in five minutes and jab her in the bladder.”

“I can do it without your help,” Katrina said, clearly bothered that Arwen was taking charge.

“I’m sure you can,” Arwen said, her voice oozing venom. “But let’s have fun with this cruel landlady!”

Katrina shot her a look of disdain before exiting the bathroom. Arwen sat on the toilet in her robes, twiddling her thumbs and waiting for her moment.

———

The five minutes passed quickly enough. Sure enough, as Arwen emerged from the bathroom, she found the cruel fairy landlady, her expression strained, hovering anxiously nearby. Katrina stood beside her, a look of feigned surprise mingling with concern as she observed the landlord's discomfort.

The landlady, with a forced smile that barely masked her desperation, attempted to brush off the situation.

"Oh, Holy Mother dear, I was just... ahem... inspecting the facilities. Nothing to worry about."

But Arwen, with a keen intuition honed by years of experience, saw through the facade. She could sense the landlord's urgent need, the subtle shifts in her posture betraying the truth.

Arwen, a mischievous glint in her eye, decided to seize the opportunity to turn the tables. With a sly grin, she jabbed a finger at her own bladder, feigning urgency. "Oh, dear landlady, it seems we're both in need of relief. But alas, there's only one chamber pot available."

The cruel fairy landlord's eyes widened in alarm, realizing she had been outmaneuvered. In a desperate attempt to save face, she tried to maintain her composure. "Nonsense, I... I can wait. You go ahead."

But Arwen, reveling in her moment of triumph, had other plans. With a mischievous smirk, she subtly nudged the landlady towards the chamber pot, her eyes gleaming with amusement. "No, no, after you. I insist."

The landlord, unable to hide her discomfort any longer, felt the inevitable rush of warmth as her control slipped away. With a gasp of embarrassment, she succumbed to the undeniable urge, her skirts dampening as she lost the battle against her bladder.

As the aftermath unfolded, Arwen couldn't suppress a gleeful chuckle. The cruel fairy landlord, now humbled and vulnerable, stood before them with a mix of indignation and shame. Katrina watched the scene unfold with a mixture of disbelief and amusement.

Arwen's glee was palpable as she reveled in her small victory, a triumphant grin spreading across her face. In the enchanted confines of the turtle shell building, she had proven that even the most powerful of beings could be brought low by the simple act of nature.

“Let’s get you on that chamber pot, acolyte, now that you know how it’s done,” Arwen smirked. She had once again regained the upper hand.

———

That night, just as Arwen was heading to bed, she heard a knock at the gate. Wrapping her brown shawl around her nightgown and bracing for the cool evening breeze, the Holy Mother raced across the stone courtyard and peered through the peephole in the gate.

In the shadows of the flickering gas street lamps, Arwen could make out the silhouette of an elf wrapped in a black cloak. Her pointed ears stuck out from under her brown hair, and she had a broach in the shape of a stag that fastened her cloak at the neck. Arwen recognized the broach as the symbol of the Imperium, the most powerful empire on the continent.

“Hello o wise one,” the elf called through the gate. Arwen was surprised by the tone of reverence, since the Imperium was known for not worshipping any gods. She drew her shawl around her and stepped closer to the gate.

The elf paused before stepping out of the shadows and closer to the gate as well. Arwen could see that she had a dagger at her belt and the leather boots worn by Imperium guards. She deduced it must be an off duty soldier.

“Holy Mother, I am here to make an offering to your goddess,” the cloaked elf spoke. “One of the acolytes of your order did me wrong. She humiliated me on duty in front of my superiors. I would like to call on Paelea to grant me revenge.”

Arwen found her heart catching in her throat as she gasped in excitement. This request could only pertain to one spoilt and entitled acolyte. It seemed as though Paelea had heard her prayers. Katrina was going to pay.

