Maid Sama!: Misa's Bathroom Emergency

Author: Char242

*000*2017-08-03 06:37

This is my first time writng fanfiction so if you could please give helpful comments and feedback that would be great.

Chapter 1: The Urgency Begins

It was a clear and sunny Saturday and Maid Latte was bustling. Maid Latte is a café where the all-female staff dress up as maids and act as though their customers are there masters. Every so often Maid Latte holds a cosplay day where their maids portray different characters like the little sisters or butlers. Normally Maid Latte was open to all customers, but today it would be open only to female customers for today’s cosplay theme was Host Club. All the maids were dressed up like men.

What made the day even more special was that the customers could order drinks for their favorite maids and chat and play games with them. Of all the maids at Maid Latte, the most popular was Misa, a high school girl who secretly worked at Maid Latte to help provide for her mother and younger sister. Today she was decked out in a black suit jacket, a white dress shirt and black dress pants. Her hair was gelled to make it stand up for a manlier look. She was sitting at one of the tables surrounded by female customers, each of them vying for her attention.

“Come now girls, there is enough of me to go around so there is no need to fight for my attention,” said Misa in the best man’s voice she could muster. Immediately after she said that the girls sitting around her erupted in squeals and giggles.

One of the girls moved in closer to Misa and said, “Misa-chan please allow me to buy you a drink.”

Suddenly one of the other girls started shouting, “No fair, I wanted to buy her a drink too.” Then the whole crowd of girls surrounding Misa started in with “no fairs” and “me toos”.

Sensing that things could get bad very quickly, Misa said “Hold up girls. Today is Host Club Day which means that all of you can order drinks for me if you want.”

“But there are so many of us that there is no way that you could possibly consume drinks from all of us,” interjected one of the girls. As if on cue the other girls started talking amongst themselves as to who among them would be the lucky ones to order Misa drinks.

“Do not concern yourself with such small matters,” Misa said as she placed her fingers under the one girl’s chin so as to raise the girl’s head to get a better look at the girl’s eyes. “I will drink however much I am given because it would be such a waste to see such beautiful young faces soiled with jealousy and disappointment.” All of the girls exploded once more with squeals of excitement and began ordering drinks for Misa.

As the first drink arrived Misa heard her boss, Satsuki Hyoudou, call out, “Sorry to interrupt all the fun but can I please have all the maids, I mean Host Club members, see me in the back real quick.”

Misa stood up but before she could start making her way to the back, one of the girls grabbed her arm and said teary eyed, “Please don’t go, we were just starting to have fun.”

Misa gently placed her finger on the girl’s lip and said “No need for tears I promise I will be back shortly so promise you’ll wait for me okay.” The girl nodded and let go of Misa and watched as she walked off towards the back.

By the time Misa got to the backroom, all the other maids and her boss were waiting for her. As she was getting ready to apologize for being late, she noticed a look of distress on everyone’s faces. “What’s going on?”

Satsuki turned to Misa, grabbing both her shoulders in the process and said, “Oh Misa-chan, it’s terrible, just terrible. Our toilets are out of order and the plumbing company won’t be able to get anyone out here to fix the problem until tomorrow morning at the latest.”

“What are we going to do?” shouted one of the maids.

“I think we should close down for the day,” shouted another.

Misa could tell that Satsuki was really feeling the pressure. “Hold on just a minute everybody,” said Misa. “Just because the toilets aren’t working is not the end of the world. There is a convenience store a few blocks up the road, if anyone needs to go they can do so there.”

“Great idea Misa-chan,” said Satsuki as the other maids nodded in agreement. “Just to be safe though I am going to ask that all of you try not to drink so much so that we can avoid any unnecessary bathroom breaks. And of course that includes you Misa-chan.”

Misa’s face went bright red “Why are you singling me out? I hardly ever have to go to the bathroom at work.”

Satsuki looked at her and said, “While that maybe true, with today being a day where the customers can buy drinks for the maids combined with your habit of not being able to turn down a female customer I am afraid that you will drink so much that you will be constantly rushing for the bathroom.”

Misa placed her hand on her boss’s shoulder and said “There’s no need to worry because I have a bladder of steel. But if it makes you happy I will do my best to not go overboard.”

“Bladder of steel, huh,” said a male voice, “Do you really think you can hold out?”

Misa turned around to find none other than Usui, the most popular boy in her high school and one of only a few people who knew her secret. “What the hell are you doing here? Today is females only day,” she shouted seething with anger. Misa despised all men since her father abandoned her family and left them with crippling debt, but the man she despised most was Usui. She hated the fact that he not only knew her secret but that he had a tendency to tease her. As she looked at him, her fists began to ball up.

Noticing that Usui’s unexplained presence was making Misa angry, Satsuki quickly said, “One of our kitchen staff called in sick today so I asked Usui if he could help us just for today. I hope that’s alright?”

Realizing that she could not fault her boss for calling him in to help with their staffing situation, Misa gave in and said, “I guess I’m okay with it as long as he stays in the kitchen and doesn’t do anything perverted.”

“That a girl,” said Satsuki. She then quickly turned to Usui and whispered, “I know that you like to playfully tease her but please try not to anger her too much today.”

“Sure,” said Usui, his cool and calm demeanor making it impossible for anyone to tell what he was really thinking.

“Alright girls, and Usui, let’s get back to work,” said Satsuki.

Everyone with the exception of Misa and Usui went right back to their work. Misa stood in the backroom with Usui, glaring at him with all she was worth. “I’ll be watching you Usui.”

Usui smiled back at her in his usual calm way and said “I wouldn’t have it any other way, Miss Bladder of Steel.”

Misa’s face went bright red. “Shut up you perverted idiot.” And with that she stormed out of the backroom and back to the customers she had left waiting. As Usui watched her leave, he wondered if Misa would really be okay.

During her regular four-hour shift, Misa estimated that she must of drank about 2 gallons of juice. What made things worse for her was that she was so busy that she did not have time to take a bathroom break. By the time her four-hour shift was over, she was practically crossing her legs in desperation. She managed to make it to the changing room and quickly unbuckled her pants to relieve some of the pressure on her now bulging bladder. “Thank god the shift is over. I am not sure how much longer I could have held out,” she said to herself as she began the pulling her pants down so she could change into her street clothes.

Suddenly the changing room door was thrown open. Misa looked up to see her boss in a frantic state. “Thank goodness your still here. One of our girls who was supposed to take the evening shift just called in sick and we’re slammed with customers right now. Is there any way you could work her shift too and stay to help close the shop? I promise I’ll make it up to you.”

Misa looked at Satsuki and said “Sure.” As she leaned down to pull up her dress pants, she felt a jolt of pain in her already full bladder that caused her to crumple to the floor.

“Misa-chan!” cried Satsuki as she ran over to her. “Are you okay?”

Misa looked up at her and said, “I’m alright.” She could see the worried look in her boss’s eyes, “Serioulsy I am fine, my leg just fell asleep,” she lied.

Satsuki looked her over before saying “Alight, but if you need a break just let me know, I would feel awful if you overworked yourself.” With that, she left Misa in the changing room.

As soon as her boss left, Misa slowly stood up, got redressed and left to go deal with customers. Before she could make it to the main room, Usui stepped in front of her blocking her path. “I don’t have time for this Usui, please get out of my way.” Usui stared at her and refused to move. Usui’s refusal to move combined with her desperate need to find a bathroom angered her. “GET THE HELL OUT OF MY WAY,” she screamed as she threw a punch aimed at Usui’s face. But before she could land the punch she felt a few drops of urine leak into her panties causing her to stop. A look of embarrassment spread across her face as she realized she had pissed herself just a little.

Before she could regain her composure, Usui pinned her to the wall and said, “It’s obvious that your about to wet yourself so why don’t you just ask the boss for a bathroom break? If you’re having trouble asking her I could always do it for you.” Just then a sharp stinging sensation came over Usui’s cheek accompanied by a loud slapping sound. He looked into Misa’s eyes which were starting to tear up with embarrassment.

“Shut up, I don’t need you always coming to my rescue. Furthermore, if you even try asking my boss if I could have a bathroom break I swear that I will never forgive you. Now get out of my way.”

Realizing that there was no getting through to her, he moved out of her way and said “I was only trying to help you. I don’t like seeing you in such pain and misery”

“Just leave me alone,” Misa said as she walked away, leaving a worried Usui behind her.

As he watched her leave he slammed the side of his fist into the wall and said under his breath, “Why do you always have to be so god damn stubborn?”

Chapter 2: The Dumpster

The next four hours were like a living hell. The customers kept ordering Misa drinks and not wanting to be rude, she kept pounding them away. By closing time Misa’s bladder was at its limit. She made a mad dash to the changing room, fixed her hair, hopped into her street clothes, and was getting ready to make a run for the convenience store. As she was turning the handle to the back door she heard her boss calling her name. “Hey Misa-chan, since you’re going out the back anyway would you mind tossing out the trash.”

Not wanting to refuse a request from her boss, Misa nodded her head, grabbed the trash bags and went outside. It was 11:00 p.m. and she could feel the cool night breeze. She walked over to the dumpster which was taller than her and stood on her tiptoes to dispose of the trash. As she did so, she felt a few more drops leak into her already soiled panties. It was then that she came to the realization that even if she started running at full speed, she would never make it to the convenience store’s bathroom on time.

She quickly glanced up and down the alleyway to make sure that no one was around. Once she was satisfied that no one would come along, she quickly ducked between the dumpster and the wall of the building. With increasing urgency, Misa hiked up her skirt and pulled down her slightly soiled panties. She squatted down while being sure to move her panties out of the way. Misa took a deep breath and closed her eyes as the flood gates opened. The once quite alleyway was now disrupted with the sound of her piss slapping the concrete. Even though the sound was louder than what she would have liked, she didn’t care since nobody was around and the relief felt so good.

Suddenly the sound of male voices interrupted her moment of relief as they could be heard coming down the alleyway. The shock that someone else was nearby caused Misa to pinch off her stream quickly and pull up her panties thus staining them a little more. She decided to continue hiding behind the dumpster with the intent of finishing up as soon as the mens’ voices were far away. Fate had different plans.

To her horror, Misa began to recognize the male voices as those belonging to the Idiot Trio, Naoya, Ikuto, and Ryūnosuke. As they got closer she heard Naoya say “It’s a shame that it was a girls only day at Maid Latte. I would have loved to see Misa-chan dressed as a guy. I bet that even as a guy she would still be incredibly cute.”

“Woah dude,” said Ryūnosuke laughing, “you better be careful about how you phrase your words or we might start thinking that you like guys.”

“Hold on now Ryūnosuke, would it really be all that bad if Naoya liked guys? If that were the case then there would be one less guy competing for Misa-chan’s affections,” said Ikuto.

“Oh shut up, you know that I only have eyes for Misa-chan” said Naoya clearly embarrassed.

“Come on dude, you know we’re just messing with you,” said Ryūnosuke.

“Screw you guys,” yelled an angry Naoya. Just then he took a step in front of the dumpster, his shoe coming down in a puddle of water. “Aw man,” Naoya whined, “I just got these shoes. Would one of you mind shining your camera light in front of me so I can see what I stepped in?” Ikuto immediately removed his phone from his pocket and shined the light on the puddle that Naoya had stepped in.

“Ew gross!” exclaimed Ikuto, “Your standing in piss!”

“Shit it’s still warm!” screamed Naoya while Ryūnosuke started laughing his head off. In the ensuing chaos, Misa decided to try to sneak away from the dumpster. However, as she began to move forward, her elbow hit the side of the dumpster creating a loud banging noise alerting the Idiot Trio that someone was behind the dumpster.

“Come out from behind the dumpster right now you bastard. I’m goanna make you pay for this,” shouted Naoya. Misa-chan realizing that there was no way out of this came out from behind the dumpster.

“Misa-chan what were you doing behind the dumpster?” asked Ikuto.

Before she could say anything Ryūnosuke blurted out, “Hey guys, do you think that the puddle of piss that Naoya stepped in came from Misa-chan?” As Ryunosuke turned to face his two friends a pair of fists collided with his face knocking him to the ground.

“That’s absurd” cried Ikuto.

“Yeah,” cried Naoya, “There’s no freakin way that are lovely Misa-chan would ever do something so unladylike.”

“Look guys, I’m not saying for sure that she did it but don’t you think it weird that Naoya stepped in a fresh puddle of piss and the only one around here is Misa who happened to be hiding behind a dumpster?” asked Ryūnosuke.

“Now that you mention it that does seem strange,” said Naoya. He then turned to Misa and asked “Were you the one that did this?” Naoya then looked down at his shoes blushing at the thought that he may have stepped in Misa’s piss. “It’s okay if you did, I promise we won’t tell anyone or make you pay for it.” All three boys stared at her waiting for a response. Her face became beat read with embarrassment. Realizing that there was no excuse she could use to get herself out of the situation, she decided she had to tell them the truth.

As Misa began to open her mouth to confess the truth, the backdoor swung open and Usui yelled, “Hey Misa, did you finish cleaning the graffiti on the wall behind the dumpster like the boss told you to”.

Realizing this was her way out, she yelled back “Yeah I just finished.”

The Idiot Trio looked at Misa and Usui as Naoya asked “So if Misa-chan was only behind the dumpster to clean graffiti then where did that puddle of piss come from?”

Usui looked down at the puddle with a mildly amused look and said, “Since our bathroom is broken and there is piss in the alleyway, I’m guessing someone couldn’t hold it.” The Idiot Trio then looked at each other excitedly.

“That must mean that this must be Misa-chan’s piss!” the trio said in unison as they excitedly reached down and touched the puddle.

“Actually, that’s my piss your touching,” lied Usui. The Idiot Trio looked down at their now soiled hands and began crying at the thought that they had touched another man’s piss. Suddenly they heard a low growl and turned to look at Misa who was now giving off a murderous aura.

“First you guys blame me for doing something so indecent in public and then you touch it because you think it’s mine,” growled Misa angerly. “I’ll kill you!” she screamed as she lifted her leg to deliver a round house kick. But before she could land it the desperate urge to pee struck her bladder causing her to lose balance and crumple over on the pavement. The Idiot Trio realizing that Misa was in pain moved towards her and tried to help, only to be rebuffed by Usui.

“I think you three idiots have done enough,” said Usui as he helped Misa to her feet. “Come on now there’s still a couple of things that you need to pick up at the convenience store so let’s get moving.”

“Right,” said Misa as both she had Usui left the alleyway, leaving the Idiot Trio to try to process what was going on.

“Something is obviously up,” said Ryūnosuke.

“Misa-chan didn’t look to good,” agreed Ikuto.

“I think we should follow them to make sure that Usui doesn’t try to take advantage of our darling Misa-chan,” exclaimed Naoya. Then he looked at the other two and asked “Where did they say they were going again?”

Chapter 3: The Convenience Store

As Misa and Usui were making their way to the convenience store, Misa began mulling over the whole situation that happened back in the alleyway and how Usui had rescued her despite the nasty things she had said to him. Usui was walking in front of her and had remained silent since they had left the alleyway. The silence was driving Misa crazy because she couldn’t tell if Usui was mad at her or not for putting herself in such a bad situation. As she began to open her mouth to break the silence, Usui spoke for the first time since they left the alleyway mere moments ago. “I’m sorry that I interfered in your problems again even after you told me not to.”

Usui’s words shocked Misa to the point that she suddenly stopped and grabbed hold of the back Usui’s shirt. The sudden tug on his shirt caused Usui to turn around. Behind him was an extremely embarrassed Misa holding onto his shirt as though the fabric was a lifeline. What shocked him more was the tears he could see forming in her eyes despite her best efforts not to make eye contact with him. “Thank you for rescuing me not just today for all those other times as well,” Misa said in a trembling voice before going silent. Usui’s eyes opened wide for this was the first time that he had gotten a truly sincere thank you from her. He felt blood starting to rush to his cheeks and he quickly turned his head away so that she would not see him blushing. As soon as he did that he heard a low moan of pain and realized that Misa was still in trouble. Thinking quickly he grabbed her arm and began picking up the pace, knowing full well that the clock was ticking for Misa.

Three minutes later they arrived at the convenience store. Misa looked at Usui and told him to wait outside for her. She then entered the store and went up to the clerk to ask for the bathroom key. The clerk who had headphones in his ears and was reading a manga looked up at her and said “I’m sorry but the bathroom is for paying customers only.”

Misa looked at him and then reached into her skirt pocket for her wallet as she said “That’s fine, I guess I’ll just buy a pack of gum then.” Suddenly a look of horror came across her face as she realized that she had forgotten her wallet at home. Before she could confess that she had no means to buy anything, a gallon of lemon tea was placed on the counter in front of her. She turned around, prepared to tell off the person who did something so rude only to realize that Usui was right behind her.

“What are you doing here?” she hissed. “I thought I told you to wait outside.”

Usui simply looked at her and said “I got thirsty and decided to by a drink. You should really be thanking me since I can now get the bathroom key for you.” As the clerk handed Misa the key to the restroom, Misa brushed by Usui and mumbled a thank you.

Misa made a beeline for the bathroom which was in the back of the store. As she unlocked the bathroom the light turned on inside, she was overcome with an overwhelming urge to vomit. The bathroom had a horrendous odor and looked like it hadn’t been cleaned since the store first opened. There were dried piss stains all over the floor and the single toilet. If it had just been a piss covered toilet seat, Misa would have found a way to make it work but as she walked closer to the toilet she swore she saw something move. Misa ran out of the bathroom dropping the key in the process and ran outside, all the while pressing her hand to her mouth so she would not vomit. As she left she ran past the Idiot Trio who fortunately were too busy talking to each other to notice her.

As the Idiot Trio entered the building they noticed Usui standing at the counter and demanded that he tell them where Misa was. Thinking quickly, he took them to the back where the bathroom was. Without giving a second thought as to what they were doing, the Idiot Trio charged into the bathroom finding only a disgusting mess. Just as they were getting ready to leave the bathroom the door slammed behind them. The three ran over to the door desperately trying to open it. Little did they know that Usui had placed a broom underneath the door handle on the other side to lock them in. With the Trio now out of the way Usui returned the key to the clerk but not before telling him that the bathroom was out of order.

As Usui left the store he could hear someone dry heaving on the side of the building. He walked over and discovered the person dry heaving to be Misa. “Was the bathroom really that bad?”

Misa shot him an angry look and said “I wouldn’t use that bathroom if it was the last available one on earth.” Suddenly a jolt a pain hit her bladder and she once again crumpled to the ground. She looked up teary eyed and said, “Usui I hate to admit this but I need your help finding a bathroom.”

He paused a moment to think about what to do next. “There is a park not too far from here. We will probably find a bathroom there.” Usui helped her up and they began making their way to the park.

“Didn’t I see the Idiot Trio entering the store right as I left?” asked Misaki.

Usui smirked as he said, “You did but they won’t be a problem anymore since I locked them in the bathroom.” When Misa heard that she couldn’t help feeling sorry for those three idiots but at the same time she knew that they could cause her problems if they were free to follow them. With this thought in mind all traces of guilt vanished from her conscience.

Meanwhile back in the bathroom, the Idiot Trio had finally given up on the idea of being rescued. Naoya happened to glance in Ikuto’s direction and saw that his friend was desperately holding his crotch. “Look dude, if you gotta go so bad just go, I promise we won’t look.” Ikuto looked at Ryūnosuke who nodded his head in agreement. As Ikuto began unzipping his pants to take a leak he noticed something out of the corner of his eye moving around near the toilet. His screams alerted the other two who in turn after seeing what he saw had a new resolve to get out of the bathroom. Unfortunately for them, help would not come for a while.

Chapter 4: The Piss Jug

Misa and Usui had managed to make it to the park minutes after leaving the convenience store. Unfortunately for Misa though, the bathrooms were on the opposite side of the park, a ten minute walk from there current location in the park. What made things worse was that Usui was gulping down the lemon tea he had bought at the store without caring that doing so only made Misa’s desperation worse. Misa looked at Usui and asked “How long until we reach the bathrooms?”

Usui paused for a moment as he looked around in order to get an idea of where they were at. “I’d say about another ten minutes if we pick up the pace.” As soon as Usui said that Misa crumpled to the ground as a sign of defeat.

“There’s no way I can hold it that much longer. I’ll just go squat behind the bushes,” whined Misa.

“I wouldn’t recommend that,” said Usui. “This part of the park is notorious for being filled with poison ivy.”

Misa glared at Usui and screamed “Then where the hell am I supposed to go!”

Before she could say anything more, Usui picked Misa up as though she were a princess and ran into the thick bushes. After a minute of running he stopped at a large tree where the ground was relatively free from weed like plants. Even so, Usui knew better than to let Misa squat. He quickly gulped down what was left in the one gallon jug. Usui the stuck out the jug towards Misa and said, “Here use this, it’s the best way to avoid accidentally coming in contact with poison ivy.

As soon as Usui did this, Misa’s hand shot out at him knocking the jug out of his hand while simultaneously scrathing his hand so hard that it drew blood. “Screw you Usui. I have not fallen into such desperation that I will pee in a damn tea jug.”

An angry look crossed Usui’s face as he pinned Misa to the tree. “You really make me angry sometimes.” The anger in Usui’s voice made her shake in fear because she had never been on the receiving end of his anger. “I honestly don’t understand how you can continue to be so god damn stubborn when someone is trying to help. I know that you are strong woman who doesn’t need a man to come rescue you every time you’re in trouble and yet for some reason I find myself always wanting to protect you. Maybe it’s because I’m in love with you that I have put up with everything as long as I have. It’s become clear to me that you only see me as a nuisance. If you truly want me to stop getting involved and to leave you alone then fine, from this moment on I’m done trying to help you. You can choose to do whatever you want but I’m going home.”

To Misa, Usui’s words felt like a thousand knives tearing into her heart. She had been aware for a long time that Usui was in love with her and that he would do anything for her if she had asked him to. The reason she hated Usui was not because he was a man who always teased her, in fact she didn’t really hate Usui at all. In truth, the one she really hated was herself because she was always taking Usui’s kindness towards her for granted, all the while treating him as if he were nothing more than a tool for her to use and discard as needed. Despite how she treated him, he had always remained by her side through the good times and bad. It was in this moment that she realized that she truly did care for Usui and the thought of losing someone important to her brought her to tears.

As Usui turned around to leave he felt a tug on his shirt, one much stronger than before. He turned to face her ready to yell again only to stop when he saw tears streaming down Misa’s face. “I’m sorry,” she sobbed, “I know your trying to help me and I keep ignoring it. I promise I won’t do it anymore. Please don’t leave me, I cann’t bear the thought of losing someone that I love.”

Thick tears continued rolling down Misa’s face. Usui moved towards her and placed his hands on her cheeks, doing his best to wipe away the tears soiling Misa’s beautiful face. Misa looked into Usui’s eyes and without a moment’s hesitation planted her lips on his. During that one moonlight kiss, Misa’s pain seemed to melt away but only for a moment. As her lips left Usui’s, her legs buckled for the last time. Before she could fall to the ground Usui grabbed her in his arms and squeezed her tight.

“I’m sorry too,” said Usui. “I was being inconsiderate of what you’re going through. From here on out will get through this together. Do you think that you can use the bottle?”

Misa looked up once more into Usui’s gentle eyes and said “I think I can but I will need some help. The pain is so bad that my arms are trembling and my legs won’t support me.”

Realizing Misa’s predicament, he gently maneuvered their bodies so that he was in a hovering postion with his back leaning against the tree for support while using his legs and stomach as a make shift chair for Misa. He slowly reached up Misa’s skirt and pulled down her panties since she was shaking so bad that she could no longer do it herself. Once Misa’s panties were out of the way he lifted her skirt just enough so he could see where to place the bottle. He then picked up the jug and placed it up against Misa’s pussy. The mere touch of the warm and slightly wet lip of the jug on her skin made Misa tremble ecstasy.

It was almost as if Usui was placing his mouth up against her pussy. That very though made her face even more red. She could feel her nipples harden as if they were screaming for her body to be touched more. Her breathing became more shallow and her heart was beating so fast that she began praying to herself that Usui would not here it. Despite all this, she was trying to do her best not to seem as sexually aroused as her body felt because she did not want Usui to think less of her. She began to think about how unfair it was that only her body was acting in such a state. Suddenly she felt his warm breath on the back of her neck and the wild beating of his chest and realized for the first time that Usui was just as turned on by the situation as she was.

As if on cue she felt something hard touch her butt. Misa asked “Hey Usui, do you think you could move your phone to your back pocket? It’s poking me in my bottom and making me really uncomfortable.” But there was no response. She turned her head to look at him and noticed his face was an even brighter shade of red than hers was. Not giving it a second though she reached down beneath her butt to try to move the phone out of the way so she would be more comfortable. After a couple seconds of fumbling around she found the phone and grabbed it only to realize that it was harder to move that she originally thought. A few seconds into trying to move it she felt it vibrating and thought to herself that it must be on buzz. Wanting to get it away from her butt as quickly as possible she gave it a good yank. Suddenly she heard Usui cry out in a mixture of pleasure and pain.

She quickly turned her head to look at him and said “Why did you cry out just now? All I was doing was moving your phone?

Usui averted his gaze and said “My phone and wallet are already in my back pocket.”

It took a few seconds for what Usui said to sink in but the moment it registered in Misa’s brain she quickly turned her head back around and screamed “I’m so sorry Usui, I didn’t know. I hope I didn’t hurt you too bad.”

“Don’t worry about it,” said Usui as stoically as he could despite the throbbing pain in his crotch. “You’re in position now so just let it all out.”

“But I’m scared,” whined Misa. “What if the jug isn’t big enough and it overflows? I could end up peeing all over you.”

Misa then felt the warmth of Usui’s breath in her ear as he sexily whispered, “I don’t mind getting pissed on so long as it yours.”

With those last few words spoken he gently stuck his tongue in her ear, the shock of which caused Misa to finally lose control of her bladder. As the flood gates open, torrents of piss came spilling out of her into the jug, making the once cold sides of the jug warm to the touch. Moans of relief began spilling out of Misa’s mouth as her body was finally able to relax. As the jug filled with piss, Misa couldn’t help but look at the starry night sky and think about how lucky she was to have a man like Usui in her life. Of course, at the current moment she was way too embarrsassed to admit that to him but maybe someday in the not too distant future she might just be able to tell him how much he means to her and how much she truly loved him.

Final Chapter: The Idiot Trio

In the end Misa peed for about 4 minutes straight and by the time she was done she had almost completely filled the jug. After that she was able to move away from Usui so she could pull up her slightly pee stained panties, something which Usui either hadn’t noticed or was kind enough to not say anything about. It was now midnight and with the gallon jug of pee still in hand they made their way back to the main path of the park. As they were heading to the bathroom to dispose of the jug’s content they were met with three familiar faces. As the Idiot Trio approached them, Misa and Usui noticed that each of the idiot’s pants were soaked in the front.

“What happened to you guys,” asked Usui.

Naoya gave Usui an angry look and said “This is all your fault. If you hadn’t locked us in the bathroom with that creature our pants would still be dry. So as payment for what you put us through we will be taking that jug of lemonade from you since we are thirsty as all hell.”

Before Usui could stop them, the Idiot Trio tore the jug from his hands with each of them taking a huge swig from the jug. Suddenly all three of them spit out what was in their mouths.

“Oh my god I think we just drank piss!” screamed Naoya.

“I’ll never get the taste out of my mouth!” screamed Ikuto.

“Hey guys, judging by the mortified look on Misa’s face it could be hers,” stated Ryūnosuke.

This caused all three to stop for a brief moment. All three must have been thinking the exact same thing because in the next moment they began having a tug of war battle over who would get to drink “Misa’s” remaining piss.

Usui seeing an opportunity to get back at them for being such pain in the asses shouted, “What is it with you guys and wanting my piss today.”

Usui’s question brought the three idiots’ game of tug of war to screeching halt. They immediately dropped the jug and fell to their knees. Tears streamed down their eyes as their dreams and spirits were utterly destroyed.

“Do you want to beat them up?” Usui asked.

“No, I think what you did to them is more than enough. Let’s go home,” said Misa.

Twenty minutes later Usui and Misa arrived at the front gate of Misa’s home. “Thank you for helping me today,” said Misa. “But just so you know that kiss between us was a heat of the moment thing so don’t be getting any strange ideas.”

Usui simply smiled at her and said “Of course I understand and I’m willing to wait patiently for the day when you can finally tell me how you truly feel. See you later Miss Bladder of Steel.” And with that Usui began making his way home.

From behind him Usui heard Misa scream “USUI YOU’RE A BIG PERVERTED IDIOT.”

Instead of letting Misa have the last word Usui yelled back “I know and that’s why you love me.”

If Usui had turned around he would have seen a big smile on Misa’s face as she whispered to herself “Maybe so. Maybe so.”

