My Little Sister Can't Be This Desperate (Oreimo)

Author: Captain L

*000*2016-10-30 02:25

Author's Note: Hey, look! Ore Imo-rashi! And yes, this was at least partially based on the Omoani video

.

###

"Did you get those pictures of new clothing last night? What did you think," Ayase Aragaki asked her fellow model friend, Kirino Kosaka, as the two walked home from school.

"Hm? Sorry, I wasn't paying attention," Kirino responded. "What were you asking?"

Ayase sighed. "Seriously, Kirino? It's a wonder I haven't needed to pull you out of the way of traffic yet, you're so distracted." She had been like this the whole walk, completely out of focus, her thoughts in another place.

"Y-yeah," Kirino attempted to joke. "Other things on my mind, you know?" Ayase was right, with how little she was taking in any of her surroundings, it was amazing she hadn't crashed into anything. Muscle memory from taking this walk every weekday went a long way.

Ayase grinned and leaned in close to her friend. "Oh really? Is there a boy that's caught your eye?"

"W-what?! No, there isn't," Kirino hastily defended. But even she knew, the stuttering and blush on her face wouldn't inspire confidence in the truthfulness of her words.

As such, Ayase smiled like she had won the discussion. "I'd love to quiz you further on that, but I gotta go." They had hit the branching path on their paths home, and Ayase turned away, waving as she disappeared down the perpendicular sidewalk. "See you tomorrow!"

Nervously, Kirino bid farewell in kind, waiting for her friend to disappear out of sight. She checked around, verifying that there was truly no one else in the immediate area. That was reassuring, she thought as she moved her school bag to her left hand and gently rubbed her thigh. Ayase was correct, Kirino was hiding something, she usually was. But this wasn't about her otaku obsessions or her questionable gaming, the usual secrets she kept, this one was much smaller in scale but still embarrassing.

"Damn, I have to go so bad..." Ayase may have been her friend, but there were certain things she wouldn't share. It was surprisingly urgent, too, she needed to get home soon or risk something terrible. "Why do I have to pee so much?"

###

"Uhhnnhh...bed me so hard, big brother," Kirino mumbled in her sleep. She spent so much free time (though she'd still call it an important part of her schedule) playing her collection of little sister games, they had long ago invaded her subconscious, but tonight was a lot more vivid. Tonight, she didn't get to sleep until 3 in the morning. Why did new games have to come out on Tuesday, it's not like she had any choice but to play them.

So deep in dreams, she didn't even realize her alarm clock was blaring until probably its hundredth ring, finally forcing her to groggily open her eyes. "Shut up, it's not time to wake up yet." She rolled over onto her other side to face the clock, if only to turn it off, when she finally caught a glimpse of the time it was displaying. "Oh shit, it's late!" She flung herself out from under the blankets, quickly pulling off her pajamas and slipping into her school uniform fast as she could. She ran down the stairs and grabbed her bag, slinging it over her back as she jumped into her shoes, dashing out the door to get to school on time.

###

"I need to get home now!" An aversion to using middle school bathrooms meant it was afternoon and Kirino hadn't relieved herself since the previous night. And oh hell was that obvious to her right now, with no one to see, she took the opportunity to grab beneath her skirt hard, bouncing on her heels and biting her bottom lip. She was so close to her house, she’d just have to hold out a few more minutes, however long it’d take to close the distance when she couldn’t run, no matter how much she’d love to.

It took only a short amount of time, but it felt like an eternity to Kirino. Every step sent an urgent signal that it could have been her last, that she very well could have an accident with every movement. But she did it, she was standing on her front walk, on the step facing her door. "Oh thank God, I made it," she exclaimed in a gasp. Probably wasn’t smart to tempt fate like that, not accept victory until she was on the toilet, but it was basically assured. She just had to open the door and get inside.

Of course, the house was locked with no one in it, but Kirino had a key, she had to when she was the first one home if she didn’t have any after-school stuff. Just needed to get it out, as she reached into her skirt’s right pocket, only to find it empty. Immediately, she began to assume the worst. "No, it has to be…" Left pocket, same result.

Now she was panicked. "That can’t be it, it has to be in my bag, it has to be!" Crossing her legs just a little to ease the emergency, she flung her bag in front of her while lifting it up to her chest, opening its flap to inspect its contents. Or, more accurately, to dig through it like a rabid raccoon in a trash can. "Come on, come on, it’s gotta be in here somewhere!" It was hard to tell amidst all the schoolbooks, papers, and other miscellaneous pieces of junk getting shuffled around by her hand.

A few minutes later, she had to give up and face the facts: in her haste to leave this morning, she must have forgotten the key inside. She couldn't help but whimper at that reality as she began dancing a tiny bit. "Why? All the days to leave my key, it's the day I need to get in now!" Against all logic, she began knocking hard on the door, on the miracle chance there could be someone inside. Of course, no response.

So what was she supposed to do now? The windows were always locked so she wouldn't be able to get in that way unless she broke them, an even worse idea. Maybe she could go somewhere else, use their bathroom...but where? There wasn't anywhere she could think of that was close, not somewhere with a toilet for her. "Damn it!"

That's when she noticed, something else nearby: a series of bushes set against a wall, forming an alley between, dividing the houses across the street. An idea popped into her head, one she'd rather not entertain. She had checked earlier, there wasn't anyone who would see her if she...were to do something she wouldn't be proud of. She'd be in and out in a matter of minutes.

She really considered it. She honestly, legitimately, and seriously thought about peeing in the alley. She couldn't get inside, she had no idea when it'd open, she didn't know where she could leave to, what choice did she have? She'd be disgracing herself either way, she should at least choose the one where she wouldn't have to do laundry.

"What are you thinking, Kirino," she scolded to herself to snap her out of the deliberation. "You've got higher standards than that!" She needed to hear it, but that didn't make saying it any easier, never mind accepting it. "Just...hold it," the desperate girl whined.

Suffering on her front step, on the verge of crying, every second felt like an eternity of torment at the mercy of her body. Her bladder was quivering and pulsing, begging Kirino to empty it all in one giant, relieving flood. She dropped her bag onto the concrete walk to free both her hands, using them to pull downwards on her skirt, a flimsy substitute to actually grabbing her crotch, but after really thinking about squatting in public, she felt like she had some lost shame to make up for.

At the same time, she heard the crash of her bag hitting the ground, not that loud but still enough to make her jump. Ever so thankful it didn't cause her to leak a little, she gingerly bent down to retrieve it. "I hope that didn’t break my phone or anything…" While worrying, she remembered that she had her phone at all, and she regressed into feeling like a total dunce. "Call for help…right."

Though, it’s not like the problem was instantly solved by this realization. Her problem was that she was locked out of her own house, the only ones that could help her would be the rest of her family that lived in the house as well. And her parents wouldn’t be able to leave work for this, so that left…her brother, Kyosuke. Kirino didn’t want that to be it, to ask for help from her brother, but she didn’t really have a choice. Flipping open her phone, she began typing a text. I forgot my key this morning and I’m locked out. Get over here.

He didn’t respond immediately. It didn’t stop Kirino from compulsively checking every few seconds for the reply, until a couple minutes later when it came. I’m busy. I’ll get there when I can, but you’ll have to wait until then.

No, I need you here now! Her case wasn’t as strong without the reason why, but hell if she’d admit that.

Too bad, Kyosuke answered, effectively ending the discussion.

"Damn it," she growled, shoving her phone in her pocket. "What does he expect me to do?" She had barely been struggling for 10 minutes, but she was already doubting her ability to last. Unlike a lot of other gamers, Kirino had not built up an iron bladder from her hobby. She played visual novels, games that only moved at the place of the player, she took a break whenever she felt the urge. If she was marathoning an anime, pause between episodes. It was just a stat she had never built up.

Boy, was she regretting that point allocation now. There was a certain degree of hopelessness that came with the knowledge that no one was coming for her, a despair that weakened her muscles and made her desperation all the more volatile. She was scared she might explode if she waited too long, never mind wetting herself.

Once again, she found that alley practically calling to her. Take a leak when no one's looking, what's the worst that could happen? She gets caught, it'd be mortifying, but it's not like she's the only one that's ever done this. Had she done it before? Fuck no, but she had the basic idea. It was a common enough cliché that it had found its way into her games before.

###

"Big brother, I really have to tinkle! I can't wait any longer!" The little blond girl on screen was grabbing her school uniform's dress, her twintails bobbing in her dance against a green park backdrop...or it probably was, not like this game had animations, just still pictures. Kirino was using her imagination.

"So what do you want to do, sis? There's no bathroom around," the first-person big brother character replied.

"There's no one else around! Is it okay if I use the bushes over there?"

"If you need to, sure. I'll cover you the best I can."

The girl faded off the screen, her visual presence replaced with audio cues of the shuffling of clothes, and the sound of water pouring afterwards. That sound, the game narrated. How much can a little girl like that hold? ...I'm kinda curious. Should I look? This gave Kirino the choice, turn to look or give the girl the privacy she deserved.

Someone who needed to compulsively see every path, Kirino backed up a screen to save her game, and considered the options before her. "Aw, she's gotta be so cute right now." She'd hate it if someone looked at her if she ended up doing something this disgusting, but this was fiction, and she wanted to see.

The blank background faded into a game CG image, with the sister squatting behind a shrub, lifting her dress up past her waist, an adorable pair of pink panties with a bow down her legs. Her actual privates were censored out, but the slightly yellow stream of urine pouring from it was plenty visible, barely having the time to form a puddle beneath her shoes. Unexpectedly, she wasn't lost in the relief, instead already having noticed she was being peeked at, a bright blush on her cheeks. "Big brother, I told you not to look!"

"I don't remember you saying anything like that. Besides, how could I pass up the chance to see a little angel doing something so naughty?"

"Hmph. You're such a meanie, big brother!" Without voice acting, Kirino had to interpret the tone of the dialogue her own way. And she chose it to be playful, a little girl being a bit tsundere to her older brother, but not actually angry. What did she have to hide from her beloved big brother? It was a nice scene that warmed Kirino's heart. And made her realize she had to pee too.

###

"No! Why did I have to remember that part?!" Bad enough she had to remember the game, but her own need at the time, it was making her desperation begin to overpower her. She couldn't help it this time, a wave pushed past her limits and caused a little spurt to find its way into her underwear, turning a small patch of the cream-colored fabric a more yellow tinge.

"Shit! Shit shit shit shit shit," she exclaimed, clutching her crotch so hard her nails were digging into her panties, the motion of her thighs vigorously running in place creating friction burning the sides of her hands. "I'm at my limit, no more..." Once again, that alley across the road was looking really nice, more so now that her options were running low.

She still had reservations, of course. She had pride, no way she was readily embracing this demeaning solution, but...damn, she needed to do something. She had never done anything even remotely close to this, she didn't want to start now, but...fuck, she couldn't be picky now, she should take anything. She hesitated, for as long as she was willing to wait, before looking around again. Still completely alone. "Out of options, can't blame me anymore," she shouted, perhaps a little too happily, as she dropped her bag and bolted off her yard into the narrow passage.

Back against the wall in the shade of the alley, Kirino felt like she had privacy. She didn't feel hampered by modesty before, she was potty dancing in front of her house, but that had nothing on what she was about to do. Really quickly, she yanked her underwear down, falling out of her control down to her shoes as she pulled her skirt upwards. She should have been paralyzed by having her feminine bits completely out in the open, but there were more pressing matters for her at the moment.

Once again, the teenage girl recalled that same eroge the best she could. That scene provided the one image she had seen of how a girl should pee outside, it was all she had for reference. "I...I think she was squatting down like..." She got down as close to the ground as she could, with her feet close together for leverage. "That's...probably good enough." Kirino would settle for it if it meant she could finally piss, and she certainly did, a few drops at first, until she felt comfortable enough to let go completely in a powerful, golden-tinted river.

A few factors she had neglected, unfortunately. First, pee was not her fetish, she didn't pay overt attention to that scene, nor rewatch it. Second, she had also not considered that the CG artist may not have been entirely knowledgeable about the subject either. Positioning is a very finicky thing, and she got it wrong. Her feet too close together, her panties all the way down, her rear almost touching the concrete, these were the ingredients to a recipe for disaster.

It did not take long for Kirino to notice her failure. As soon as she saw her pee flowing into the back of her panties, greatly expanding the tiny stain she had made earlier into a full soaking, she startled herself. "Nonononono!" She attempted to correct herself, by leaning forward, against her thighs, to give the waterfall a little backwards direction, grabbing her knees to keep her posture steady. What she wasn't counting on was her own stamina. She had plenty, she was active, but she had already tired herself out from the holding. The change in balance and stress of her whole weight on her ankles, the careful equilibrium was disturbed, and quite violently, as it sent Kirino tumbling forwards onto her stomach, flaying her legs out behind her, pushing her away from the wall.

A little screw up like this wasn't enough to stop the outpour, though, the dam had long since been broken down on that one. Her bladder would not be satisfied until everything had emptied out into a pond beneath her. It was strong, but not enough to shoot out far, so the warmth was creeping up her thighs, saturating her bunched-up skirt and her shirt. With no other sounds besides the light breeze, Kirino could really hear the crashing water, splattering on the hard asphalt.

She was in shock when she first fell, the breath knocked out of her, but she did finally regain her senses. "Oh crap!" She attempted to push herself upwards to get back on her feet, only to stumble back down with her panties around her ankles. "Oh, forget it!" She'd given up on not wetting herself, her clothes had already gotten drenched, no reason to try anymore. She pulled her underwear back up, and dropped her skirt back over it, never mind that pee was still gushing straight down. She didn't care, just leaning her back against the wall, feet planted further away. "What does it matter anymore? This feels better." It had gone on long enough that it was starting to feel really good. No matter the little fact that she was soaking everything below the waist, even her socks were damp.

"Kirino? What the hell are you doing?" Oh, that's why she should have been worried a little more. She recognized that voice, how could she not? After all, it was Kyosuke, her brother. In a split-second, her head turned to the direction of the noise, and there he was, looking in from the end she came in from. And what a sight he had to be witnessing, his sister in an alley right across the street from their house, having one hell of an accident that somehow got her shirt wet.

Kirino was petrified. It would have been one (still terrible) thing if she was caught squatting, but peeing herself was an entirely different level. Her face turned entirely red, all the air in her lungs escaping in a strained gasp. She should be defending herself, maybe apologizing, but she instead defaulted to her usual attitude around her brother. "What the hell do you think you're looking at?! I'm only doing this because you took forever to get here!"

Kyosuke put his hands up in surrender. "I don't care what's going on here, I'm going to forget I saw anything. Just get inside before someone else stumbles upon you." And he left, just as Kirino's bladder finally showed how much it took with a straggling couple drops closing off the ordeal.

The little sister had no idea how to take this. Kyosuke had long since taken an apathetic approach to dealing with her, but was there some nicety hidden in there? After all, he made a specific point to say he wouldn't tell anyone, that was a pretty nice thing to make clear. Kirino shook it off as she scampered back to the house to change. "No way, he wouldn't do something like that. My big brother can't be this nice."

