Sakura and Karin Give it Their Best to Hold! (Street Fighter)

Author: Captain L

*000*2024-12-20 05:07

"So she said that she's seen him skulking around that shady part of town, like he didn't want to be seen. I tried to tell her that it wasn't necessarily the worst case scenario, but she's not having any of it, and..." Kei Chitose was attempting to partake in the usual high school girl pastime of gossiping with her friend at her desk, but she had chosen the wrong friend to try it with. "Hey, Sakura, are you listening?"

It wasn't that Sakura Kasugano couldn't or wouldn't participate in a conversation like this, but her priorities were... different, compared to other teenage girls. "Hm? Yeah, I'm listening. See, this guy's fighting style is a lot like Ryu-san! All the same kinds of moves and everything! I swear, I've been seeing a lot of that in fighting games." All the while, she was shoving the screen of her WonderSwan in Kei's direction.

Kei sighed, not knowing what she was expecting. As of late, Sakura had gotten really into street fighting, particularly this "Ryu" guy who won a major tournament recently, to the point that it had consumed her life. She started wearing a headband and sparring gloves to school, taking her physical education even more seriously, she had even started training with some weird guy who owned a dojo. Kei's reaction when Sakura invited her over to her house to show her that she had figured out how to shoot energy from her hands, it had to be seen to be believed.

This whole world was out of Kei's depth, which really made their friendship awkward these days. The best she could do was attempt to relate it to something she knew. "You've been playing those games a lot lately, but you never want to go to the arcade."

"The guys there are too good. I get enough of that with Tsukushi. I'm a lot better in a real fight than over an arcade machine, it's just not my scene." Despite that, she went back to her game, mashing the buttons and twisting her thumb over the directionals as the next round began.

"I'm just saying, you suddenly became the weird one in the class when you started on this obsession. You're not going to find any other schoolgirls this into fighting, at least not any respectable ones."

"Sakura Kasugano!"

"Never mind, I forgot about her," Kei muttered, rolling her eyes, already heading back to her desk to grab her bag and get out of here for the day. Though the intruder commanded a lot of attention and respect from much of the rest of the student body, male and female alike, Kei's close association with Sakura meant she was already sick of Karin Kanzuki so brazenly storming into their classroom.

Karin, the only daughter of the Kanzuki zaibatsu, attended the public Tamagawa Minami High School as a way to "observe the lowly commoners". And, as she was quick to inform everybody, as a Kanzuki, she was the best at everything. Academics, athletics, grace and poise, and, with her Kanzuki Style Martial Arts, the strongest as well. So, when word got around that Sakura was fast becoming the school's premier fighter, Karin challenged her to a bout. It would go a long way to proving her superiority, besting somebody who could put up at least a remote challenge, she figured.

And she lost. For the first time in her life, no matter the contest, Karin lost. She wasn't thoroughly trounced, but at the end of the day, Sakura took the round. To call that a severe blow to her ego would be an understatement, she spent the rest of the day in denial, and every day since, she'd been hunting Sakura down for a rematch.

And Sakura was over it. She'd given the rich girl an honest chance, but the fight that resulted was less than exciting, way lamer than she'd fantasized going at it with Ryu would be. The disappointment was strong enough that her interest in Karin completely dried up, feeling that her time would be better spent training on her own. This made Karin's continued insistence on a rematch every waking moment tiring. "What is it?" She couldn't even hide her exasperation.

"I challenge you to another test of martial strength!"

Of course, what else would it be? Sighing, Sakura flicked the power switch on her handheld and dropped it into her bag. Not staring at the screen gave her perspective, in that she could now see the rest of the students watching intently. Why wouldn't they, this high-class goddess, as she seemed to enjoy portraying herself as, deigned to go out of her way to speak with humble Sakura, it was something to be interested in.

But Sakura had had enough of this by now, with Karin pestering her at every opportunity. During lunch, on the walk home, she even had the gall to demand a fight while poor Sakura was just trying to use the bathroom. This was the most public she had made it, however, almost like she was asking for another audience to her loss. She couldn't be faulted for her confidence, at least. Maybe she thinks she can win this time?

Regardless, Sakura wasn't going to humor her and find out, not today. "Sorry, I already made plans to meet my friend Natsu today. So I can't." Slinging the strap of her bag over her shoulder, Sakura stood up from her desk, making a move to leave the classroom.

Karin didn't so much as budge to stop her, but that didn't mean she was going to just let Sakura go. "Oh, so you understand that your prior victory was mere beginner's luck? Against a Kanzuki, I can't possibly blame a low-bred amateur such as yourself for being afraid. Ohohohohoho!"

There it was, that laugh. That haughty, shrill laugh that she made such a spectacle out of, down to letting one out before their first fight, right before she got her butt kicked. That's why she wanted an audience for this challenge, to make me look like a coward for not accepting. Well, two can play at that game. "I don't know why you're so eager to lose again. The last one wasn't that long ago, you know."

"Quiet! You won't catch me off-guard with your style again! I've practiced against exactly your haphazard imitations! I flew out to meet with Ken Masters and studied him very closely! I'm ready for that sloppy flailing you call 'techniques'!"

"Ken.... Masters?" The name sounds familiar... One of Sakura's first acts of her newfound fascination (after going into her backyard to wildly punch and kick at the air) was to pay a visit to the library and get as much information on street fighting as she could get her hands on. While there, she saw a recent newspaper with an article talking about one Ken Masters, an American business tycoon who won some major tournament around the same time as Ryu. She hasn't missed a day of school since we first met, did she fly out to America for a weekend, just to best me? To be so rich...

But why would he be able to help her? I modeled my moves on Ryu-san, are Ken's that similar? Are... Are the two connected somehow? Sakura could already feel her heart beginning to pound faster at the implications. If she's really gotten serious about training to beat me, this could be fun. Better preparation for when I do eventually get to fight Ryu-san! Maybe she can even help that happen! "Alright, I'm game!"

"Wonderful! Now prepare, for you shall see the might of a Kanzuki first-hand!" Now that they had reached an agreement, Sakura and Karin walked out of the classroom. And the rest of the students really had no idea what to make of them.

###

"Hah!" With a good slide into range, Karin put one hand on Sakura's shoulder and the other around her opposite arm, like a weird hug. That is, until she shifted her weight down and forward, slinging Sakura over her shoulder and dropping her flat on her back on the ground with a hard slam, knocking the wind right out of her.

But Sakura wasn't giving in just yet. Despite her disadvantageous position, she kept her feet flat on the ground and her hands open with her palms propping her up just slightly. This gave her the leverage to answer Karin's pursuit with a spring upwards, not only to a stand, but an instant jump up with her fist tensed and raised. "Shouoken!" A quick reversal to interrupt the onslaught above her, one that connected cleanly and knocked her opponent away. Previously, Karin had been careful not to press a grounded Sakura, but both her strategy and level head were falling apart.

That didn't mean Sakura was definitively winning, however. Karin excelled in constant pressure, even if she rarely got the blows past her guard, it was hard to get a counter in. And when Sakura did strike back, it was just as likely that her outstretched leg would be caught and twisted around, sweeping her off her feet and knocking her right back down. They were both knocking each other around, and Sakura had to rely heavily on zoning Karin out, something she had no suitable answer for. She at least had that, and her Shunpukyaku to quickly gain distance in one direction or another, even if she was starting to get a bit dizzy from its continued use.

Regardless of her edge in mobility, Sakura knew she needed to get in close to secure a decisive strike, but Karin controlled the space directly in front of her. She needed to play smarter than her opponent, but that would be tough. Sakura wasn't dumb, but she didn't believe for a second she was smarter than Karin. She was going to have to gamble to take this.

She had one idea for just that. Placing one foot firmly behind her, Sakura broke into a sprint, rushing Karin at top speed. Ordinarily, this strategy would only be good for momentarily surprising an opponent, but Karin wasn't going to be taken in by such a simple trick. Again, just as Sakura predicted. Putting all her weight into her toned legs, she jumped at the last second, just clearing the open palm strike thrown her way.

Once again, however, Karin wasn't going to be swindled. "You've made a foolish mistake, Sakura Kasugano! Kouoken!" Leaping into the air, she extended her arms and spun gracefully, cutting the air with the sides of her hands like the blades of a fan, in a display of all her accumulated strength, a devastating blow timed to hit properly.

But Sakura expected this, and she had baited this response. Yes, there was nothing she could do to dodge it in the air, but since she hadn't outstretched herself in an attempt to jump-in attack, she was free to guard herself instead. With adrenaline running high, time seemed to slow down as their bodies collided, where she could see Karin's face as she realized, too late, that she'd been had.

Knocked back a bit by the impact, her arms admittedly getting a bit scuffed up in the process, Sakura landed as Karin was hitting the apex of her jump and beginning her descent. Let's go! Cupping her hands together at her side, she began gathering all the ki she had left in her body in the space between them, which soon began glowing with a blue ball of flame, expanding rapidly.

And as soon as the ground was disturbed by the tips of Karin's pristine shoes, it was time to let go. "Shinku... HADOKEN!" Thrusting her arms forward, the fireball was released, continuing to grow to be half their size by the time it collided with Karin's stomach with the force of a heavyweight sumo slap. Karin was knocked off her feet, tumbling to the ground, landing flat on her back. And she wasn't getting up, not yet, a sign of not just a defeated body, but a defeated spirit.

Still, just because she emerged victorious didn't mean Sakura was sitting pretty either, as her first action upon realizing she'd won wasn't to revel in success, but to fall on her butt in the grass, panting heavily. "Wow... That was a lot better, Karin! That was a real street fight!" She raised the hem of her shirt to wipe the sweat from her face. Given that it bared her midriff on the best of days, getting it to reach her forehead necessitated lifting well past her chest, which would be a problem if she wasn't prepared for just this with a red, cropped undershirt. Now there was no problem with such behavior.

Karin didn't see the fight so warmly, being on the losing side. "How?! How could someone as low-class as yourself best a Kanzuki?!" As she struggled to sit up, she pounded the hard soil in frustration.

"Come on, don't get so down over it, you were close to winning. All the more reason to keep getting stronger! And I'll do the same, if I ever want to be as good as Ryu-san!"

Karin climbed to her feet, pointing in Sakura's direction, even if her outstretched arm wavered in the process. "I refuse to accept that someone of your breeding could ever best me in a fair contest! Your cheap, unsportsmanlike tactics are the only reason you came out on top today!"

"Hey, what does my upbringing have to do with it?"

"You have absolutely no ladylike charm, flailing wildly with nothing but feral brutishness, when grace is the most important aspect of being strong! Meanwhile, you show no restraint in... in flashing your undergarments about!"

"What? That's my gym uniform under my skirt, obviously! Don't even joke about me being like that."

"R-right..." Actually, Karin didn't realize that detail, though it did make a lot more sense. To distract the moment from lingering on that misunderstanding, she pulled a lace handkerchief from her skirt pocket and delicately patted her own face to something cleaner. It was sufficient for now, but she wouldn't want to be seen like this among members of high society. "I need a hot bath, immediately."

"Oh, I hear you, I could use a shower myself. I wonder if the locker room is still open." Finding the strength in her legs once more, Sakura climbed to a stand and walked over to one of the benches near the field they had chosen for their sparring match, which was just the athletic field behind the school. She had come prepared, and filled up her bottle with water from one of the drinking fountains, and she was ready to take it all down. Karin did much the same, except with daintier sips from a much fancier-looking bottle, probably filled with really expensive water too. They both still drank it all down greedily.

In the middle of chugging hers, Sakura was suddenly hit with a strong argument against such heavy drinking. In fact, it seemed like her body was actively rebelling against it, as she started coughing and choking on the very last of the lukewarm liquid. She had to pound on her chest, leaving a red sore spot as she hadn't gotten used to her own strength.

Despite standing right next to her, Karin did nothing to help. Instead, she inched back, not wanting to get spit on her outfit. Not when she had just brushed off the grass and dirt. "What is it now?"

"Nothing, just realized I really need to pee. Guess a good fight really covers that up while it's getting there, you know?" Sakura smiled in a bashful way, hopefully drawing attention away from her heel twisting on the ground.

Karin still noticed, of course, but her reaction would have been the same regardless of whether Sakura kept still or not. "T-that's disgusting! Why would you say that out loud?!"

"Huh? Because I do need it. Does being rich mean somebody else pees for you?"

"In high society, one would never debase themselves by announcing so vulgar a need in so direct a fashion. If you absolutely must, you would excuse yourself with a request to 'freshen up' at most. And even that is a last resort! Are you so poorly trained that you are already at your limit?"

"You need to be more flexible. You can't win with such a rigid way of thinking! I think a fight is all about adapting, improvising, going with the flow!"

"Mmgh..." Karin wanted to argue back against such an accusation, slandering her ability, but she held her tongue. What platform did she have to lecture Sakura on the proper mindset to winning a fight, when she had just lost? Maybe there was something to Sakura's simple-minded determination, a clear mind to rely on instinct.

But that wasn't why she grunted. Her problem was that Sakura specifically used the word "flow", in a conversation about pee. That was enough to awaken something of her own: Karin Kanzuki needed to pee too. It wasn't a small discomfort, either, it was kind of urgent. All that moving around really sped her water up on its course through her body. It wasn't uncommon for her to pay the ladies' room a visit after school concluded, either, so she was a bit overdue.

But, no matter what Sakura said, Karin could think quickly and adapt. "Very well, if you must, I shall accompany you. Now, where are the nearest facilities? I do not have endless time to waste on you."

I'm sure. "We'll need to go back into the school building. It's easiest to get to the locker rooms from here. Come on." Karin was still somewhat new to this school, so Sakura took the lead to the double doors that led back to the changing rooms. Both their walks were hurried, yet stiff, creating an odd mixture of speeds that would have looked a lot weirder if they weren't both still physically drained, giving a perfect excuse for their sluggishness.

Even so, it didn't take long at all for them to reach the entrance, yet Sakura could still feel Karin's eyes boring impatiently into the back of her head. If she's going to complain about moving too slow, she can take the lead. So, Sakura stood aside when they reached the door. "Ladies first."

Karin didn't pick up on the sarcasm. "If you insist," she replied with too much satisfaction, flicking the bangs of her blond hair aside. All that served to make her look more stupid when she pulled on the handle, only to find it move only the slightest budge before clicking, to indicate it would move no more. "Hm?" As if in disbelief, she tugged several more times in rapid succession, yet found no success. She pulled, being met with the same result, which made her feel better. She'd look really foolish if that was the solution. Yet it didn't help the central problem. "What is this?!"

Sakura snapped her fingers in a moment of realization. "Right, the school locks its doors after everybody's left. Guess we were fighting for a long time, huh?"

"If you knew that, why did you suggest we go back in?!"

"Sorry, I forgot. I've been in my share of athletic clubs over the years, and this would happen once in a while when I stayed behind to get some extra practice in. I don't have a watch, so I didn't realize how late it had gotten."

"So, what do you propose we... you do now?"

"Hmm..." With her hands on her hips, Sakura looked around the barren athletic field. Yeah, there really wasn't anything else to see, basically nothing but the fence perimeter and the tall school building to see from here. If there was presumably nobody indoors either, they truly were alone. "I guess there's no helping it. No reason we can't just pee right here, is there?"

Sakura had an educated idea how Karin would feel about such a suggestion, but even that was insufficient to prepare for her reaction. She was so caught off-guard, it messed with her balance, causing her to stumble, maybe even nearly collapse. Her brown eyes shrank in a second, and her jaw hung agape as she choked out various unseemly noises. Clearly, whatever disparaging things she said about Sakura, she still thought enough of her to find this beneath her.

And she was going to make her displeasure known. "H-how dare you even think such a thing! Any lady worth anything in society would rather die than even consider such barbaric, uncivilized, uncouth behavior! No, I will not permit it! Were someone to learn of my association with one who partook in so disgusting a-"

"Alright, calm down, I was kidding. Peeing in the middle of an open field right behind my own school wouldn't be my first choice either, you know! Although, I gotta admit, if you said yes, I would have done it..." Looking off to the side, Sakura slid one hand up her skirt and squeezed her crotch, doing it all slowly like she could sneak it by without Karin noticing. "Man, do I need to go..."

"Well, keep dreaming! If you can't even take this matter seriously, then you can handle it on your own! I'm calling for a pickup!" Reaching into her bag, Karin pulled out a white brick the same size as Sakura's fist, when she had her padded sparring gloves on, so it took her until Karin opened it up and lifted it to her face. A mobile phone? Wow, I haven't even seen a real one of those before. What other cool things do rich people have?

Just as Karin put the mouthpiece against her cheek, though, she suddenly stiffened and froze. And she stayed that way for a serious moment, with the most Sakura could make out being a very subdued quivering of the lip. The question of "what's up" was working its way down her tongue when she got her answer: "Nngh!" And if the sudden, forceful grunt didn't give the root problem away, the way she, all at once, slammed her knees together, curled in on herself with her upper body hunching forward, and one hand shooting between her legs, an act that completely disregarded all concern for her image. Really, the only self-control she still had was not dropping her phone in the process.

And Karin was well aware of how she looked at this moment, from the way she stared back into Sakura's watching gaze. "Ah! T-this is... Ahem..." She straightened out and put her hand back at her side... for a few seconds, before reverting right back to the holding posture. She knew how it reflected on her, too, but she didn't have a counterargument. She just blushed and looked away. "I-I cannot allow the servants to see me in such a state, and... and..."

"And you can't stop yourself anymore?"

Karin tried to say something, but the words got caught in her throat every time. Her pride had already taken a critical hit, but it would not allow her to actually put the words to her situation. Eventually, and with great difficulty, she forced out a simple nod, confirming what Sakura had already guessed. Maybe that made it easier to go further, because she squeaked out a question, albeit a very quiet one. "You won't talk?"

"I've got nothing to gain from that, or I'd be dealing with whispers that I did the same." Sakura squeezed her crotch tighter, bouncing on one heel.

"Ohoho, they wouldn't be 'whispers'. I'd ensure the news is spread through all the papers and on every station! You simply do not have the reach that I do! Ohohoho! Oho...ho... Ooh, laughing isn't good right now..."

The scariest part is that I can believe her threat. "So, what do you want to do now? We're definitely not getting anywhere good standing around here, unless you intend to wait for the school to open tomorrow morning?"

Karin thought for a second, but she didn't hesitate with her suggestion once it came to her. "Take me to your house."

Wow, forward. "I don't exactly live close by, you'd be in for a serious wait if we went that direction. So, you know..." It wasn't just that Sakura was worried about making it home before she had an accident, but even if she did, she wasn't exactly looking forward to the possibility that her little brother might see her come through the front door, clutching her girl parts as trickles ran down her legs. Then again, she at least knew those streets, she knew what she passed every day. "Alright, we can go there, but we are stopping at some public bathroom along the way."

It seemed like a reasonable suggestion to her, so Sakura was really surprised when Karin reeled back nearly as violently as she did from the "grass watering" idea. "P-public bathroom? You really think I would use a public restroom?! I'd catch untold diseases just setting foot in a bacteria haven like that!"

"Look, a toilet's a toilet. Hover if you need to, but it's going to be there or in your shorts."

"I don't even want to think how thoroughly I would need to bathe to get the smell of one of those off of me."

"We already both smell bad from all the sweating we've been doing. Most really aren't that bad, I've only had to hold my breath once or twice." Best not to mention the ones so gross that I didn't use them.

"Can you imagine the headlines were I to be recognized entering such a debaucherous establishment that sees no issue in allowing any vagrant off the street to use their facilities?"

"I don't mean to shatter your ego, but I think you're really overestimating your fame. I didn't know who you were until you loudly introduced yourself at my desk that day."

"Well, I would expect as much from a backwoods simpleton such as yourself, but there are many people out there that pay attention to the world around them that would EEP!" Karin's eyes shut tight, and while she didn't exactly "move", she shivered pretty hard. That, plus all the grunts and moans that found their way out, didn't make for the most flattering image. Not that Sakura blamed her, when she knew exactly what must have prompted her to shut down and hold herself harder. She had a good idea how poorly Karin's panties were now faring.

As such, she wasn't surprised when Karin's next move was a lot quieter and more docile. "V-very well, I'll do what I must. L-lead the way."

"You don't need to tell me twice. Just... try to be quick, okay?" Despite her warning, as she took point in strolling off the campus, Sakura hobbled just as stiffly as Karin. They both attempted to stand straight and walk without shuffling as they got onto the sidewalk and headed down the street, but results varied from person to person and minute to minute. And Sakura knew there was a distance to cover before they got to anywhere that might have an open toilet. Be strong...

###

The journey to the more commercial district of town wasn't a long one, but it wasn't a short one either. Sakura knew it would have been, if they were able to walk at their normal speeds, something sliding further and further out of their grasp. As the sidewalks became busier, filled with the usual after school crowd, they became aware of more and more curious glares being thrown their way. She could only hope they were sympathetic.

The obvious solution would be to simply not appear desperate, do nothing that would draw attention, but that was simply impossible at this point. Karin knew this for a fact, because her natural reaction upon realizing she was being stared at for a bad reason was to immediately stop her childish holding and stand upright... only to go back to the potty dancing a second later, when her body took the removal of the physical impediment to mean it was time to let go, and her panties got a whole lot warmer in a second, with the threat of more on the way that she only just barely stemmed for the time being.

Sakura wasn't faring much better in most regards. At least, she was in better spirits, but that was more the result of her natural disposition than anything. In truth, she guessed that she was just as bad off as Karin, and she'd be right. Every once in a while, she'd feel the wave of desperation subside, and would start getting confident that everything would be alright. She'd then quickly discover that was a feint, as the tide within her bladder countered hard, mixing up her defense and sneaking a spurt out into her underwear. And her PE uniform clung tight to her rear, which made the sensation all the worse. Of course, Karin was in the same boat with her bike shorts.

And it was only going to get worse, because they had no idea where the bathrooms would be. Sakura had sort of acted without thinking, the idea being "there has to be a public restroom around here", but when she actually started going down the list, real options suddenly failed to appear. Of course, she couldn't say that, or she'd be getting an earful. All she could do was keep walking until something sprung to mind, and hope it would be quickly.

Okay, saying there was "nothing" wasn't exactly accurate. If worst came to worst, and they truly couldn't wait a moment longer, there were toilets along this stretch. It was just... Sakura was the sporty type, really into street fighting. Hell, the idea to just let it fly in the athletic field was Sakura's. But she was still a girl, and she hadn't completely abandoned that. She still had a limit to what kind of toilets she considered "usable". And she'd been down these streets in this state, not often, but enough to know some of the ones to avoid at all costs.

Agh! So... so full... No, now was not the time to think about things like that. If her mind lingered, she'd remember what happened last time every bathroom was below her standards, and she knew Hinata remembered it too. No, best to get her mind off the constant pressure with some discussion, getting to know Karin better. Shame her brain was swimming in pee, making changing the topic impossible. Guess I just gotta roll with it! "Have you really never used a public restroom before?"

"What kind of life do you think I live?!"

"I really don't think it's an unusual experience. In fact, I'd call it pretty universal."

"Well, I would never! I can only use a latrine that is vetted by trustworthy sources!"

"...and that means...?"

"Do commoners know anything? It means one that meets the bare minimum requirements of having ample space to breathe, absolutely no gaps through which a bad actor could see anything, is soundproofed to prevent any of the unseemly noises a lady might produce in the moment from escaping, and is thoroughly cleaned at least once per day. In comparison, the public restrooms might as well not even have a door!"

"Have you really never used the bathrooms at school?"

"Of course not! I am perfectly capable of abstaining until I've returned to the mansion!" Perfectly timed, she stumbled in her stride, hit by a wave of dire need. The irony was lost on nobody.

And honestly, Sakura couldn't say she didn't understand. The high school women's room was not the most ideal place to do her business, and there was a time she preferred to wait instead. She wasn't totally adverse to it, but it wouldn't ever be her first choice. However, once she got into the fight game, more active, that required drinking a lot more water. And she soon learned that a lunchtime pee break would become imperative to avoid distraction during the last classes of the day.

But Karin doesn't even do that? "Wow, guess you've got a lot of practice holding."

"As I've said. It's simply uncouth behavior to excuse oneself for a reason so insulting as to use the restroom, so at a high society gathering, it's only natural that we're required to hold it. I've been a master at this since I was a child!"

"Y-yeah? I can see the results of your training right now." Sakura kept her sarcasm, even as she felt fit to burst.

And Karin did not appreciate it. "I guarantee you that I've held together far better than you ever could if you were in my shoes! If you were holding anywhere close to the sheer quantity of urine that I am, then y-you'd have lost control long ago-o-OH!" Karin ground to a halt, slammed her thighs together tight enough to make her skin ripple, and in the forearms past the short sleeves, Sakura could see Karin's toned muscles all tense up. Her eyes closed and she grit her teeth, grinding them against one another as various guttural grunts rumbled in her throat.

All in all, not an unexpected sight at this stage. Karin had to pee bad, and Sakura knew that. She herself had no choice but to buckle down and grab several times by now, and they both knew it was only going to get more frequent if they kept walking. The difference this time was the sound. It was a bit hard to hear over the city ambiance, but at the same time, it was clear as if they were in a vacuum: raindrops.

Sakura looked up, yet the sky was just as bright and clear as she remembered. T-then it's... She didn't need to, she was afraid to, but she looked down at the sidewalk regardless. O-oh no... There, at Karin's feet, were a gathering of tiny dark splotches. And then it suddenly doubled in population at the same time as the next series of splashing sounds. Actually, looking a bit closer, there were several streaks of something shiny sliding down her shin.

Despite her frantic efforts, the dribbles weren't stopping, as a third shower followed. They both recognized it for what it was: the final gasps of control before the monsoon, and even Karin's ego couldn't deny what was a straight-up emergency. "I... I can't..." She looked at Sakura with pleading, glimmering eyes.

"G-ghrk!" Whether it was sympathy or just coincidence, Sakura's bladder lashed out wildly at the same time. If you wanted to give up, you could have done it earlier and given me more time to think! She had to grip her privates with as much strength as she could muster, and it hurt for sure, but it still didn't compare to the burning in her abdomen, all throughout the massive bulge on her exposed belly.

Frantically, she began searching the immediate area for their salvation, knowingly dropping their standards to near-zero, assuming Karin wouldn't complain at this juncture. Yet, even then, options were slim, as in nothing. The businesses around here, at least the ones she recognized, weren't the kind that dealt with enough of the public to have accessible toilets. Or, if they did, they'd have to ask a secretary or something for access, and while she had prepared to go to a convenience store worker and get a key, doing so now would be humiliating on every level. Sakura could abandon her shame, but she was stuck on whether Karin would prefer wetting in silence, and now wasn't the time to argue about it.

But then she looked to their other side, and saw the best thing she could have seen right now: nothing. Okay, not "nothing" exactly, but the lack of the densely-packed buildings they had gotten so used to was welcome, because it meant this was a small, open park. Sakura knew this park, in fact, and if she was remembering correctly... That's it! "Karin, over there!"

She needed to force herself to open her eyes, and even then, it was hard to see anything clearly through her tears. The best she could make out was the comparatively flat space, the higher concentration of green and brown colors, and shapes that, with inferred context, she could guess were hard benches and rusty playground equipment. Enough for her to figure out it was a park, at least. "I swear, if you're suggesting we relieve ourselves outdoors again..."

"No! Look, that building there!"

Karin squinted, and sure, there was a tiny brick building off in the corner, smaller than even the gardener's shed at her mansion. "A-and what is that supposed to be?!"

"A bathroom! Come on!" Sakura made the brave decision to take one hand out of her crotch, and grabbed Karin's upper arm, naturally getting her sleeve wet in the process.

"U-unhand me! D-do not just make decisions without my input on matters such as thEEEEEE!" She didn't think it possible, but Karin's panties got even wetter, to the point that she could feel the dampness trapped in the slim leg of her skintight shorts. "F-faster!"

"Faster" was a relative term, because while the two girls were hurrying as best as they could, everybody who saw them instead noticed how slowly they were moving. Thankfully, the distance to cover was minimal, so it only took them a minute, even if it should have been fifteen seconds on a good, leisurely day. Even if they had the mental faculties to spare, neither wanted to think about what was going through the minds of the random people watching them, but at least it wasn't long before they ducked through the bathroom door, completely out of sight. Given that they weren't paying attention to minor details like that, it was a good thing they wandered into the women's room.

Although, maybe the men's room would have been better, because it couldn't be worse. Every one of Karin's brutal assumptions about the state of public bathrooms was proven true. There was grime caked into the grout between the tiling, the trash cans were packed and bulging over, and the smell was something else. Sakura gagged, and Karin got halfway to covering her mouth and nose before belatedly realizing she couldn't afford to take her hands away anymore. Were she any less desperate, Sakura would have bailed and found somewhere else. At this point, even a dark alley would be preferable.

Problem was, not only did she have Karin to worry about as well, but her own timer was running dangerously low as well. Like it or not, the toilets in here were their last resort. Which led to the next hurdle: the usage of the plural "toilets". There were three in total, with the nearest one being totally devoid of any water thanks to the full roll of paper stuffed into the drain, and the middle one had the opposite problem, being filled to the brim with murky water, and a large puddle of much the same all around it.

Sakura's heart dropped like an iron ball. Oh no... No no no no no... Had they come all this way just to find there was no finishing line? Absentmindedly, in disbelief, she stumbled to the far side of the bathroom, and looked at the final toilet. And she discovered that, while it was dirty, it at least appeared to be fully functional. It was easy to say that, she could see it clearly, thanks to whoever knocked the door off its hinges and left it sitting there.

But the toilet seemed to work, and that was enough. "O-over here! This one!"

Karin had followed Sakura over here, so she was quick to pick up on what was going down. Yes, she saw the missing door, but at this point, something so minor wasn't going to stop her. After all, she had a backup plan. "Wonderful! Now, you stand there and cover me, and..."

"What?! Hey, who said you got to go first?!"

"Come on, even you must understand why I would hold the privilege of first claims here! It simply would not do for me to soil myself!"

"Look, I'm not saying you need to pee yourself, but I can't hold it! Seriously, it's coming out already!"

"Y-yes, however... I... I..." It looked like it physically hurt Karin to continue with this sentence, or maybe that was just the pain of desperation. After all, it was bad enough that she did finally force the words out. "I can't hold it any longer either! I-if you begin to use the latrine, then I... then I will surely..."

"Piss yourself? Yeah, like I'm getting at, same here! Look, how about I go for a few seconds, then you swap in, and we go back and forth!"

"Absolutely not! I deserve the right to use the toilet until I am satisfied and finished, and I will do so at once! You have done well finding one for me, now you can go somewhere else! For someone as lacking in ladylike appeal as yourself, I think the facilities in the next room over should do just fine! Ohohohoho!"

"Grr..." Sure, it wasn't something Sakura considered off-limits, but she was not looking forward to either seeing a guy in there or having a guy see her in there. Even so, she'd do it, if she felt like there was a chance she could make it. As it stood now, taking the risk would just mean wetting herself in the men's room, rather than the women's. Obviously, she didn't want to do either, but one was still preferable.

Was there any other choice besides her pants? If she peed into the overflowing toilet, it would just end up back on her anyway. The paper-stuffed toilet was better, but honestly, she had no guarantee it wouldn't just start backing up as soon as she got over it, and that scared her. That sink didn't look properly fixed to the wall, if she tried to climb up onto it, it probably would come crashing down. I mean, I couldn't make the floor any dirtier than it already is... She considered that one for so long, she didn't even think she could call herself a "girl" anymore.

Like it or not, that one toilet was the only thing Sakura had. Sakura and Karin both, and that was the core problem. Ordinarily, Sakura's solution would be a fight, winner takes the throne, but nobody would win in that one. But how else would they settle this? Was one of them just fated to have an accident, after all this trouble? How would Ryu-san handle something like this? Well, he's a guy, so this really isn't a problem he'd have. Mmph, that's a thought...

But he'd adapt! Yeah, what did I say earlier? It's all about being flexible! Even in the deepest depths of the heart of battle, there's always an answer! I just need to figure it out... "Karin!"

Sakura was a quick thinker, so all those thoughts passed by in the blink of an eye. Karin had hardly gotten one step in before hearing her name be so forcefully called out. Yes, she dribbled as a result. "W-what?! You get one sentence to explain yourself!"

"I know you're not going to like this, but we can share!"

Karin was prepared to fire back and once again assert why she was entitled to the toilet, but she was not prepared for that crossup, and it forcibly wiped her mind blank. "W-were you born without a brain in your head?! Do they educate you commoners at all?! How would that even be possible?! I refuse to sit in your lap while I relieve myself, or allow you to sit in mine!"

"All we need to do is hover our junk over the toilet at the same time! It's not like you want to sit down on it anyway!"

"W-while that may be true, I require privacy! You cannot expect me to agree to partake in such intimate closeness whilst I am engaging in a lady's most personal act!"

"Do you need to do more than just pee?"

"A-absolutely not! I would never-"

"Then who cares?! Fine, if you're going to be so uptight and refuse to do it together, then just wait until I'm done!"

"I've already said, that will not be happening!" Aiming to put an end to this conversation, Karin turned away, towards the toilet. Her relief was so close, and her panties were so wet already, she just needed to get there.

But Sakura had other plans. As soon as Karin turned her back, she leapt behind her, wrapping one arm around her neck, and braced her light weight to stand her ground and not be dragged along. And it worked. It wasn't a combat chokehold, but it was at least enough to stop Karin.

Karin was none too pleased about the betrayal. "Ghgk... U-unhand me, peasant!"

"Either we both use the toilet, or we both wet ourselves! That's your choice!" And from how tenaciously she held on, Sakura was dead serious about that threat.

But that didn't mean Karin had to accept it. "Let... let go!" The Kanzuki style had trained her on how to slip out of grasps just like this, and the technique was burned into her body. The problem was actually following through. Karin needed to pee. Really, really badly. Her bladder was so full that she felt sick to her stomach, to say nothing of the unseemly manner in which it bulged from her stomach.

Which was crazy, because there was so much urine now drenching her underwear. She would never admit it, but this wasn't her first experience with this kind of thing. During long social gatherings, since it would be impolite to excuse herself, Karin held it in. For a very long time. So, by the time she had a moment to "freshen up", sometimes there was a little yellow stain in her prim and proper white panties.

But they were just little leaks, honest, far below today. The area around her crotch and butt was all soaked, and the tightness of those clothes kept it all pressed and sticky against her fair skin. Even her bike shorts, which were meant to be water-resistant, had pee seeped deep in its materials. And outside those, a thin sheen covered both her inner legs, dampening her black socks, making them squish every time she shifted her heel.

Sakura had laid down an ultimatum, and had made it clear that she would see it through. Were this happening in her mansion, for whatever reason, she would be more willing to stand her ground. After all, she could just change her clothes afterwards and leave nobody any the wiser to what happened, all the while making it clear she would not be coerced or pushed around. But here, she had to consider her image. She had to get back home somehow, and for every second until then, she ran the risk of someone seeing her and noticing any of her wet clothes, and that was something she had to avoid at all costs.

That left her with just one answer. "F-fine, I'll do whatever I need to!" Karin was not ready to take control of negotiations for the Kanzuki zaibatsu.

Immediately, Sakura released her grip. Which would make now a great time for Karin to turn on her, but Karin Kanzuki was a woman of her word. Plus, she had a minimal amount of time left before the dam broke, and it was approximately the exact time it would take her to get to the toilet. So, the two started the home stretch in the race against their bloated bladders, scrambling to close the one meter gap.

Even in their current state, that wasn't a long step, certainly not long enough for Karin to figure out the ever-important question of how this whole thing was supposed to work between the two of them. So, when they slid to a stop so close to the porcelain bowl they could feel the chill emanating off of it, she asked the important question: "W-what now?!"

"W-well, um... W-we could... I mean, we have to basically sit in the air over it, but I guess it would be kinda hard to aim it right, wouldn't it?"

"Y-you mean to tell me that you don't have even the slightest clue what you're doing?!"

"Like I said before, it's all improvisation! G-give me a moment! I know that's asking a lot, for both of us..." Sakura danced and wriggled so much, it really raised doubts as to how clearly she could think.

"Y-you absolute, utter buffoon!" However, even as the future plan was a mystery, even as there was no guarantee there'd be a point to any of this, Karin was not wasting a second. She had already raised her skirt and hooked her free thumb around the tight elastic band of her bike shorts, circling the waist with regular pushes to get it past the widest part of her hips, something she soon succeeded at. After that, both her shorts and no-longer-white panties slid down and drooped at her ankles. For somebody so concerned with her image, she sure showed zero hesitation in completely baring near everything. The importance of marrying properly and not playing around with suitors before then had been drilled into her since childhood, yet now, Sakura was the first person (besides the expected) to see her genitalia.

But Sakura wasn't making a big deal of it. Quite the contrary, she was on exactly the same wavelength. By the time Karin looked, Sakura's blue uniform skirt was already way up, and everything beneath was down to her knees, both her stained gym uniform and her own heavily-discolored white underwear. Seemingly without a thought, Karin was now the first (besides the expected) to see Sakura's privates. And it was something Karin wasn't thrilled about. "You need to trim yourself better."

"Is that really what you're concerned about right nOH!" Sakura froze solid, and with nothing to cover her, her girlhood twitched in the open air, and out jetted a spurt of yellow pee. It was a short one, but it was enough to send a message as it splattered on the floor. And Sakura heard it, because she clammed right up as soon as it happened, diverting all brainpower to thinking up a solution to their conundrum.

Karin heard it too, but it didn't provoke any helpful reaction. Instead, it prompted her to respond in kind, with her own sudden spurt of urine shooting straight down into her unworn panties and shorts. "Eep!" She tensed her muscles and cut off the flow, but her bladder burned, yearned for relief, and she couldn't deny it much longer. "I-if you intend to provide a suggestion, you'd best do so now, or i-it... it won't matter anymore!"

"I know, I know! You think it's any better for me?!" Come on, there has to be something! We could bend over really far and aim way back, but there'd be no way to see what we're doing! Oh, this would be so much easier if we could just pee forwards! There's barely even room for the two of us to both be over it! Not unless we were on... opposite sides... "I think I've got it, but I don't think you're going to like it."

"If it ends with me using the toilet, I like it! I give my approval! Now hurry up and tell me!"

"Q-quick, stand between the toilet and the wall, face away, and point your butt out behind you!"

Karin did as she was told, even if she couldn't see the big picture yet. It was a bit of an uncomfortable nook she was forced into, hardly big enough for her to even fit, she really had to sidle between the base of the toilet and the protruding toilet paper holder. Even as she bent as directed, she bumped her forehead on the wall. Yet it was pushing out her rear end that was the most uncomfortable part, and it wasn't just the way her distended bladder was crushed under her upper torso. "Alright, so what's ne-e-EHHH!"

Sakura had made a calculated gambit in keeping certain information from Karin, because she guessed it would cause her to hesitate. So, instead, she left it to be an unpleasant surprise. During Karin's setup, Sakura was mirroring those same steps on the opposite side of the toilet, though she had a little more room to maneuver. That included the same bent-forward, ass-out pose over the waiting bowl. The problem she had predicted being, this was not a luxurious toilet, not child-sized, but only as big as it strictly needed to be, for one person.

With such limited space, and two girls vying for space, there just wasn't enough room for each to have a comfortable personal bubble. And that was broken as the two pushed their butts out, straight into the other's. Both girls had been blessed with prominent backsides, and when forced together symmetrically, they squished together with the force to flatten their cheeks. Showing her private areas was humiliating enough, but having them touch? Karin did not want that. "Ah! G-get away from-"

"Ahhh..." A sharp hissing noise began, near-immediately drowned out by harsh splashing water. Out of the corner of her eye as she tried to look back, she could see Sakura's tense shoulders relax, her eyes flutter, and her lips part just so. Clearly, she didn't have any reservations about the close contact, or maybe she just didn't have a choice. Regardless, Sakura had started peeing, full force.

And the sight, or more accurately the sound, was the nail in Karin's coffin. Finally, after an endless torment of her bladder begging for reprieve, and making strong headway in getting its wish, she relented. Sakura was already peeing loud, but when the two combined their strength, it was no contest. As if there was any doubt before, it was obvious here just how much the two street fighter schoolgirls were bursting, because they were spraying some fierce hoses from their combined spigot.

They were both thick, even before their close proximity forced them to merge into one super pee, their urethras were pushing it out with no bit of the diameter gone to waste. But it wasn't just the density of the gushing torrents, or even the speed with which it spewed forth, it was the breadth of the rainstorm. Small, sharp needles of liquid splattered in every direction from the central waterfall, stinging as they hit their skin. Not just their own, but they were getting the other's pee all over the backs of their legs. Some of it even jumped all the way up from inside the bowl to nest in the backs of their knees, such was the pure power of their release.

There was a burning, no denying that, both the molten mass of their taut, hard bladders, and the boiling rapids tearing through their tender bodies. It was painful, but way different from the usual soreness from the kinds of aches and bruises that one typically got in a fight. Those tended to be duller, only flaring up when agitated, while this badly-needed pee was a constant, needling strain.

"Aahhh..." Yet Sakura didn't seem to regard it that way. She still felt the bad part, obviously, but it was like it just didn't register. So... so good... Many noises came from her mouth, and none of them were reserved, or modest, or noises any parent would want their daughter making. Moans, grunts, sighs, mixes of them, all squeaky and inconsistent in pitch and tone. The kind that joined the best kind of bliss. Her focus was shot, she almost lost hold of the hem of her skirt, only just catching it and pressing it back against her stomach.

"Mmph!" And Karin was only human, the same thing was happening to her, that tingle running all the way up her spine from her nether regions as they ran wild like a waterfall. It felt pleasant, incredibly so, to finally let her bladder drain after an eternity of agonizing fullness. Oh, how she wanted to cut loose with her inhibitions and just bask in the ecstasy like Sakura was. But she couldn't. It was just unbecoming for a proper lady to give into personal desires and emotions so heavily! Yet there was no way she could actually stifle the sensual sounds, all she could do was cover her mouth to prevent them from getting out. "Mngh..." Thankfully, no one was there to see the drool dripping from the bottom of her palm as she did so.

Still, she could hardly call herself "comfortable", thanks to the total lack of personal space. It would be bad enough were it any other body parts touching, but two butts pressing so tightly was not okay. "Would you please give me some room?"

"Huh? Oh, okay." Sakura didn't even bother trying to stand up before obliging the request, waddling away, giving their asses room to fill out... an inch, at least. That was when the sound coming from the toilet, at least on Sakura's side, shifted from the splashing of water to the hard splattering against the bowl itself. Actually, some of it seemed to even hit the rim of the lowered seat. Ironically, for two girls, it would have been better if the seat was up. "Sorry, I'll be peeing on the floor if I move any further." With the knowledge that total separation was impossible, Sakura gave up the whole idea and rested back against Karin's soft bottom.

And Karin just had to take it. "Fine." At this point, it wasn't worth trying to assert any dominance, claim that Sakura deserved to pee on the floor. Better to just grit her teeth and let it go. It would be over with soon, anyway.

So that's how it went, nothing but the two girls releasing what seemed like an endless volume of steaming urine like broken hydrants. Karin's self-assurance that it would be over quickly was becoming more untrue with each passing second, when it just wouldn't end, not even slowing down. It dragged on so long, even Sakura's carefree attitude dried up first, and she too started feeling a little embarrassed about where she had found herself.

Finally, things started to quiet down below... on Sakura's side. Her spraying tapered off to a mere dribble shockingly fast, which did come with the caveat of more lacking the force to clear her folds and instead sticking to her legs, but even that stage was over with in a flash, and all that remained were solitary drips of what clung to her skin. For all intents and purposes, she was done.

Karin, meanwhile, did not look to be anywhere close to bottoming out. At the very least, the hissing was yet to relent, and with so many sensations swirling in her stomach, it was impossible to tell if she was any emptier. She was in a haze, the passage of time meant nothing to her anymore, something that wasn't supposed to happen when she was simply "powdering her face".

It made for an odd sight for Sakura, fortunately the only person there to see, even if that was still one too many for Karin's tastes, if she cared. She talked so much about her inherent superiority, how being the heiress to the Kanzuki zaibatsu made her a born winner, yet now she was furiously blasting a nasty public toilet. Still, that really is a lot...

Finally, after well over a minute of this incredible spray, it began to ease up. Karin didn't have the hard cutoff that Sakura did, she actually flared back up a time or two, but it did eventually come to a total halt. She actually did such a good job getting all that pee out, she stopped dripping far more effectively than Sakura. "Hah..."

"You know, I gotta give you credit, you really did show me up this time. You can hold more pee than I can."

"W-well, of course! As I told you before, it's simply unacceptable behavior to excuse oneself any time the urge presents itself, so I've had ample opportunity to train!" She nodded smugly for a moment, before stopping abruptly, and making a wide turn to face Sakura, careful to keep her butt stuck out firmly behind her the whole rotation. "H-hey, I have no desire to be recognized for a victory in a field like that!" That's when she noticed Sakura, who had also spun around and stood up straight when Karin wasn't looking, had let her skirt fall, but the rest of her bottoms were still at her knees. And she really didn't seem to care, she was standing there so casually. "G-get your clothes back on before talking to me!"

"You're the one on the side with the toilet paper. So hurry up and hand some over, because I really need some."

"Oh, right. My apologies." Pivoting on her heel, taking care not to get tangled in her unworn shorts, she looked at the toilet paper holder. And she found nothing. She saw the roll, yes, what was missing was anything on it. All that remained was the bare cardboard tube, torn and peeled by somebody desperate for something to wipe with. But Karin was not quite there, she had alternatives. "You had better tell me you at least have some tissues in your bag."

"They're all out, huh? Should have guessed. And of course, right after I used up my last pack and didn't replace it."

"'Should have guessed'?! Do public washrooms really not even meet that lowest standard of decency?!"

"Nope. Maybe I should have popped a squat outside, at least there's sometimes a leaf."

"I cannot believe you continue to speak as if that should ever be an option!"

"Hey, sometimes you gotta go. I'm not proud of it, but I've done it. At least I wait until... you know, my panties are wet like this first. Darn, and I can't even stuff some paper in there to make it more comfortable to wear again."

Grimacing, Karin looked down at her feet, and her own discarded articles. "I suppose there's no helping it..." She cringed, she gagged, but at the end of the day, she did still bend down, grab her clothes in both hands, and pull both panties and shorts up in one slow slide. She hesitated just before they reached her delicate flower, but she knew she couldn't be stopped now. "Deep breaths... You are Karin Kanzuki, there is no challenge you cannot overcome."

Despite the strong words hyping herself up, Karin still faltered at the thought of going through with it. She felt her net worth dropping at the mere thought of wearing soiled undergarments. "...would making the brief excursion home with nothing under my skirt be worse?" A silent moment passed as she really weighed her options, before finally coming to the conclusion she really should have reached far earlier, if only her ego wasn't so inflated. "My shorts are black, my accident will be nearly invisible to a hapless bystander. Grit your teeth and bear the discomfort, it will be over before the hour is finished." With a gulp, unable to even look, she finally yanked them firmly up to her waist. "Ohh..." And discovered that her fears about how gross it would be still weren't enough to prepare her. And she wasn't the only one who would have to experience it. "I offer my condolences that you also have to-"

Making one last half-circle to check on Sakura, she saw that her rival had a different solution in mind. Sakura was instead in the middle of raising one leg and stepping out of her bottoms, reaching down and gently dragging the underwear out of the crumpled pile with only the tips of her fingers. Separated, she placed her feet back through the leg holes of her gym uniform, and pulled them back up to their proper, snug place. "Yeah, that works," she declared with a satisfied nod.

Karin, horrified, did not see eye-to-eye on this. "Y-y-you cannot mean to tell me that you intend to go out without undergarments!"

"What are you, my mom? My panties are soaked through, wearing them is really gross, and these..." She lifted her skirt to show what she did have on, the usual red that always seemed to show during a fight, with a fist-sized dark patch in the crotch. "...Okay, they're still wet, but less of it seeped through, and they're a bit breezier, so it's more comfortable."

"And what do you mean to do with your..." Karin glared down at the mess of a now-yellow pair of panties on the floor, a small river of urine spreading from it in the gaps of the tiling. "...your particulars? Don't tell me they're going in your bag."

"And get pee on my homework for tomorrow? No way. But yeah, hmm... I could probably wrap them in something to bring them home, but then they'd end up in the laundry, and I'd never hear the end of it if my brother saw them." Sakura thought it over, her gaze wandering as she did so, until she saw the overstuffed trash bin again, and she smiled. "That works." Reaching down to grab her panties, again pinching one of the few dry spots, she held it at arm's length like a piece of garbage. Which is what it was, technically, as she dropped it on the summit of the mountain of paper, bottles and cans, and other things found in the wastebasket of a women's room. "You've got shorts, you can go without too, if you want."

"Absolutely not! I don't care how wet they are, I refuse to be without undergarments anywhere that is not the bath or a private changing room!"

"So you're going to get driven home as wet as you are? You aren't worried it'll ruin the seats of your fancy limo?"

"Ugh, the limo was cleaned recently, I would hate to dirty it again so soon. But no, it's what must be done, and I will see it through. Still, I'd like to clean myself a little..."

"Didn't you have a handkerchief or something earlier?"

"A lady's handkerchief is not some rag, it shouldn't be used for just any mess! Rule of thumb, if it's not a type of stain that you are comfortable talking about, a handkerchief should not be used to clean it."

"Well, you didn't have much problem talking about needing to pee with me, eventually. So it sounds like it'll work great."

"W-well, that's..." Sakura made a good point: Karin could not have imagined ever mentioning a need to relieve herself, ever. Yet, she did so today. Not just said it, but went along with Sakura on a journey to find a latrine, went in with her, and even shared the toilet. That was the kind of behavior that would get her disowned. Yes, it was an emergency, but she still relented, still agreed to those outlandish suggestions.

As she thought it over, she came to the realization that there really was only one explanation. Even if she had to make it up. "W-well, we are rivals! Two fighters, when pushed to the limits of their strength, see and learn everything about their opponent! This was simply an extension of that, and now that I've seen your resolve, I won't lose when next we clash!"

"Well then, the same applies the other way around. And I'm looking forward to that good fight! But first things first, I really want to wash off my legs, at least." Sakura made her way to the wall opposite the toilet stalls, walking with a very wide stance to not rub the rivulets all over her thighs. When she reached the nearest sink, she turned one of its handles, and cold water began spilling out. "Wow, I wasn't actually expecting this to work. Good news." Cupping her hands to collect water, she hunched over and used it to rub down her legs.

"At least something functions correctly, I can't fathom the idea of not washing my hands."

"Don't go expecting there to be soap."

"As foul as that notion is, I thankfully always carry some sanitizer with me. Let me just... discard our waste first." Karin extended her left arm and pressed down on the metal rod to flush the toilet, only to find no resistance. She tried the same thing over and over, only to be met with the same result. That golden, bubbly water that filled the bowl was not going anywhere.

Sakura, who had also been watching, could only whistle at the unfortunate development. "Look, I know I've joked about the sorry state of public restrooms, but seriously, them being this bad isn't usually the case. Well, be thankful it was just pee. Now come on, get your hands washed."

"Very well." At this point, Karin no longer cared about the many inadequacies, they had added up to be less frustrating than the sum of their parts, and now she just wanted it over with. She joined Sakura at the adjacent sink, and turned both handles to get some warm water. And, against her guesses, it actually came out. "Hm." Still, she didn't want to press her luck, so she got straight to washing her hands, letting the water cascade around all of her fingers as she rubbed them together every which way.

There were no paper towels or hand dryers, of course, forcing her to resort to just shaking the majority of the water off her hands, at least until they were dry enough for her handkerchief to do the rest. That's when she reached back into her bag and grabbed her portable bottle of hand sanitizer, and applied a liberal amount to her palms, spreading the viscous fluid to every inch of her hands. "Realistically, just disinfecting my hands isn't enough, I'd need a full cleansing after setting foot in here."

"If you want to strip naked and rub it over your whole body, be my guest. Hey, can I get some?"

"Oh, sure." Karin didn't think twice about giving away a bit, and squirted a decent glob into Sakura's waiting hands before putting the bottle away. "Now, please, may we make our way out of here already?"

"Just a sec," Sakura promised as she started wriggling her wrists and flinging her hands, similarly dislodging the most egregious of the dampness. "Alright, let's go. I didn't notice it before, since we were... you know, but it does smell in here."

Finally, the two were able to walk out of the ladies' room, and Karin felt like she no longer needed to be careful about breathing. It felt like hours since they basked in the open air, but it couldn't have been long, the sun was still shining just as brightly as when class let out. It felt like this was the bookend, the hard cutoff that marked this ordeal as concluded. But Karin had one piece of unfinished business. Without even looking her way, Karin slipped something into Sakura's pocket.

Maybe she hoped she could do it without arousing suspicion, but she was no nimble-fingered thief, and Sakura felt the foreign hand rummaging in her skirt. "What are you doing?" The acknowledgment forced Karin to hastily pull away, and the instant she did, Sakura reached into her pocket herself and pulled out whatever it was.

At first, she couldn't place it, just a folded-up piece of beige paper with a pheasant printed in black ink and a series of rings on the corners. Wait, those are... zeroes? She was dumbfounded for a second, but quickly began pawing away to open it up, and only once it was fully exposed did she put it together that it was a banknote. "T-ten thousand yen?!"

"Consider that your payment for your assistance in my personal matters today, and to ensure your continued silence."

"I-is this a bribe? A-and isn't this a bit excessive?"

"Ten thousand? I carry many of those bills at all times, a-and..." Karin's voice lowered to a whisper. "I truly am quite grateful for your help. You very well may have saved me from a full-on accident."

"S-sure, but you don't need to pay me for it! I don't mind helping! Just... be a little less picky next time, it'll make things easier on both of us."

"There is no payment you, or anyone, could give me that would bring me to urinating outdoors, as was your only prior suggestion, and it was an unbelievably crude one, I may add. Just take it, I have no desire to owe you anything, material or otherwise."

"Man, I've heard of being rich enough that you can wipe your own... Hey, wait a minute! If you have enough cash that you won't miss it, you could have used that instead of toilet paper!"

"I beg your pardon?! Don't think I'm so flippant with money that I would use it for such a base purpose!"

"Not even, like, a hundred yen bill?"

"...I don't carry any denominations so small. E-enough of this! You're making a scene!"

"I'm making a scene?! You're shouting way louder than..." Sakura trailed off as she looked around, and saw that, indeed, the people in the park, what few there were, were all staring at them. The children were being more obvious about it, but the adults also glared in their direction.

And it may not have been solely due to their behavior. "Uh, Karin? I know you leaked a lot, but..." She covered her mouth with her hand and leaned in closer to Karin, to make sure what followed was only for her ears. Not for anyone else's sake, just Karin's. "It got through your skirt."

Karin so badly wanted to check, but she resisted the urge. If it was a prank, she'd be stupid to fall for it. And if Sakura was telling the truth, which she had faith was the case, she didn't want to see it. "I-i-it happens. But I take offense that you assume I'm the cause. Not only is your own skirt also damp, but you're missing a shoe as well."

"What?!" Sakura immediately looked down, and saw two things. One, her blue skirt did indeed have a dark splotch on the front. Darn, I let out way too much before I got my pants down! And two, her white sock on her right foot, without the sneaker that was supposed to go over it. Truthfully, she still hadn't quite gotten over the high of that endless release, and it was really messing with her sense of perception. "Aw man, it must have slipped off while I was taking off my panties! Be right back!"

Without hesitation, Sakura bolted back into the bathroom, running to the stall so quickly that she nearly crashed into the wall. Not only do I need to get stronger, I need to get way more aware before I can become a true street fighter! I can't meet Ryu-san with bare feet! Or... anything else from today!

