A Shared Discovery

Author: ControlFreak

*000*2020-08-20 15:54

What would you expect a woman to do if she found porn on her husband’s computer? Call it infidelity and angrily confront him? Sit him down for a frank, open conversation about their sex life? Write it off as boys being boys?

Can you imagine her having a friend over to look through her husband’s kinky stash together?

If I’d been hiding normal sex on my computer, I think my wife probably would have reacted in a normal way. But when she found the hidden files and chat logs on my hard drive, she understood that there was a good reason for me to try to hide them. And for better or worse, she was intrigued by the insight into a new side of her partner.

I’d only explored certain aspects of that side, myself. The conversations on fetish boards had been an opportunity to put out feelers and assess how I might respond to really being controlled by a powerful, beautiful woman, or to being demeaned and laughed at by her.

I’d saved images and clips that depicted those kinds of situations, and they’d become more specific over time. And in case the overall trend wasn’t clear, there were also pictures of men, shot from the waist down, with dark stains spreading from their crotches. I think it was immediately obvious to my wife that I’d been using them to imagine myself in their place, pissing my pants while a woman smirked and made fun of me for it.

It was also obvious to her friend, once she’d had a minute to look through the folder herself. But it wasn’t obvious to me what the two of them were giggling about when I came home from work and found them together on the couch one Friday. They were both transfixed by the computer, so much so that my wife only glanced up for a second and laughed the word “hey” before turning her attention back to the screen. Her friend seemed to consciously avoid looking at me, though I didn’t think much of it at the time.

I greeted them, half-expecting some explanation for what our guest was doing there. But when I didn’t get it, I merely shrugged and went up to the bedroom to change into more comfortable clothes. I walked by the bathroom on the way there, and just vaguely registered that the door was closed. I stepped into a pair of loose fitting jeans and then promptly got caught up playing on my phone, jettisoning the stress of the week.

I was jarred back to reality by a slight pressure on my bladder’s sphincter which reminded me that I hadn’t been to the bathroom yet. I usually preferred not to go at work, so I would hold it until I got home if possible. I confess that I also sometimes took the opportunity to enjoy the gradual increase in urgency, and to steal a glance at my more attractive female coworkers and think about how they would react if they interrupted me on my way to the bathroom and saw me needing to grab my crotch in order to stop a pee spot from forming on my pants.

That same thought reentered my head, with the coworkers replaced by my wife and her friend, as I stepped somewhat hurriedly out of my bedroom and reached for the bathroom door handle. When it resisted my efforts to turn it, the excitement I had derived from my fantasy turned into dull panic. Why was the bathroom door locked? The bathroom door was never locked.

It occurred to me that maybe my wife had two guests over, so I decided to wait and see if the door opened on its own. After a minute, I considered knocking, but I worried about the girls downstairs hearing me, and I thought I would sound pretty stupid requesting access from the occupant of an empty room.

I stood at the mid-point between the bedroom, the bathroom, and the staircase for several minutes. My body understood that the toilet was only 10 feet away, and it made my need to pee several times worse. That awareness was broken a few times by the unintelligible sounds of conversation from downstairs, and especially by the occasional bout of sharp laughter. In my state, this made me feel more self-conscious than I’d felt since I was a child, and by the time I was certain there was no one in the bathroom, I was practically kneading my groin with my hand and moving my hips erratically to avoid wetting myself.

This was a serious problem, because at that point I also knew I needed to go downstairs and talk to my wife. Despite the pulsating warning signs from my penis, I took my hand away and then took several deep breaths, trying to get my gyrations under control. I also silently chastised myself for letting it get this bad. Since starting on my fetish porn habit, I’d been holding it a little longer every time, but I never imagined that I would actually get to the point where I felt like I was about to piss my pants. I also never thought my home bathroom would be locked for no reason.

When I felt like I could walk for a little while without stopping to cross my legs, I gingerly made my way back downstairs and found both ladies still sitting on the couch with the computer in front of them. For now they seemed to be done looking at it, and were chatting to each other instead. When I stepped around the banister, they abruptly stopped talking and looked directly at me. My self-consciousness surged again, and although I bent forward at the waist a little, I consciously stopped myself from grabbing my crotch.

“You were up there for a while,” my wife said with a wry smile.

“Just vegging out,” I lied, then changed the topic much too quickly. “Is someone in the bathroom?” I meant it to sound casual, but I knew it was a dumb question and that it betrayed my single-minded focus on getting to the toilet.

“No,” my wife answered.

“Then why is the door locked?”

“I locked it.”

I wanted to ask why, but I also felt myself wavering in my resolution not to potty dance in front of my wife and her equally pretty friend. Not wanting to get drawn into a whole conversation, I simply asked, “Where’s the key?”

“I have it,” she answered just as simply. Her fingers brushed her neckline and brought forward the chain she was wearing around her neck, with the key dangling from it.

“Okay… can I have it please?”

My wife pursed her lips thoughtfully as her fingers kept playing with the key and chain. Her friend touched a fingernail to her teeth and smiled in a show of unrestrained amusement. I didn’t really know what was so funny. I thought I was doing a good job of standing still and looking dignified, though every additional moment of doing so was torturous.

“I don’t know,” my wife finally answered. “…Why do you need it?”

“Uh… because I kind of need to go to the bathroom?”

My wife looked me up and down, then turned to her friend. “Do you think he should get the key if he just kind of needs to go to the bathroom?”

She looked me dead in the eyes while answering: “No way. I think he should have to go really bad.”

Involuntarily, I pressed my thighs together, and I figured that the girls must have seen the sudden twitch. I looked to my wife in an effort to make sense of the situation. I still wasn’t quite connecting it to my fantasies or thinking about what they might have been looking at on the computer, which still sat there in front of them.

When I saw that she wasn’t saying anything, I tried sacrificing an ounce of my pride to save the rest of my dignity. “Okay, what if I have to go really bad?” I asked. And as if this tentative admission was a signal that I didn’t have to hide my desperation so much anymore, my bladder contracted and I momentarily touched my fingertips to the head of my penis, fearing a sudden leak.

My wife’s friend excitedly tapped her on the arm, then cupped a hand to her ear and whispered something. My wife opened her mouth in an exaggerated smile and beamed, “That’s a great idea! He should have to beg for the key.”

“What?!” I exclaimed before realizing I’d gone back to swinging my hips in open desperation.

My wife’s friend piped up: “You heard her. If you want to go in the toilet and prove you’re a big boy, you have to beg us to open the door for you.”

By this point, I felt like I had to be dreaming. It was unthinkable that something could happen in real life which was so horrible while also being so identical to my deepest, darkest sexual fantasies. I was finally blessed with an explanation when my wife continued her friend’s teasing.

“Come on, hubby,” she said. “Beg us to take you to the potty. You don’t want to end up looking like this, do you?” With that, she turned the computer so it faced me. There in full screen, I saw a familiar image of a soaked pair of trousers – one of many that my wife had no doubt examined while choosing her favorite.

“I don’t… That’s not…” I stammered, finding no plausible way to defend myself. Both of the women were looking at me with their eyebrows upraised, awaiting whatever response I mustered. Instead, my legs quivered with a combination of urgency and shame, and I sank to me knees on the floor.

“I’m sorry,” I gasped, staring toward my wife’s feet. “Please… please just let me go to the bathroom.” But I’d barely completed the sentence before my unconscious mind seemed to decide that as long as I’d already been exposed, there was no further point in trying to hold onto my dignity. The stunned silence in the room was broken by an intense hissing noise as I felt the warm liquid envelop my groin, creep down my inner thighs, and pool around my trembling knees.

“Aww,” my wife’s friend teased. “Poor little hubby couldn’t hold it.”

I didn’t dare lift my head until my wife stood directly in front of me, leaned down, and gripped my chin between her thumb and forefinger in order to force me to meet her gaze. After admiring the look of defeat in my eyes for a long moment, she issued one firm command: “Don’t you dare ever keep secrets from me.”

I tried to look away again, but a tiny twitch of her wrist was enough to snap me back to attention. With her free hand, she grabbed the key around her neck and added, “By the way, I’m keeping this with me at all times from now on. And just so you know, we’ll probably be having a lot more houseguests in the near future.”

