The Farlight Chronicles: A Steampunk Omorashi Adventure

Author: CatchersEye

*000*2021-12-09 03:30

Author's note: Welcome to the Farlight Chronicles! This is an original work and is planned to be an ongoing adventure starring the young lady Isabelle and her desperate adventures through an alternate steampunk fantasy world. Though there is already a main plotline in place, I welcome any tips or requests for how you'd like to see the story go (as well as any particular scenarios you'd like to see happen) and of course, I'm more than happy to hear any feedback on the story and my writing style. Without further ado, let's get into it! I hope you enjoy. More chapters coming soon...

Prologue:

In the vast lands of the Old World, ever ravaged by the changing tides of progress, commerce and war, a lone girl rides by carriage towards a mighty city, one of the largest ever built. The girl has pale skin, with long dark brown hair and striking amber eyes. She has dressed her best in preparation for her visit, sporting a long black overcoat, a white vest covering a red shirt and a pair of black pants, as well as tightly fitted black boots, reaching all the way up to her knees. On her head rests a dignified stovepipe, tilted slightly back to accentuate her carefully groomed side-parting.

She is nervous. This kind of presentation is far from what she is used to, and the place she is headed is known to be far less than friendly to visitors from the countryside. That said, she cannot help but feel a sense of anticipation for her visit, as whatever downsides the city may hold it is still a place of opportunity. An opportunity for her to forge a new life. An opportunity to fly along the farlight, and see all the world has to offer with her own two eyes.

Chapter 1: Out of her depth

Isabelle had spent her entire live living in one of the little forested ground villages of the Cascades, a vast and sparsely populated region of the Vaal Imperiate dominated mostly by farmland and rolling hills, largely untouched by the march of progress that the rest of the world had succumbed to. She had only ever glimpsed the technological marvels of the Imperiate in passing, and as such the feeling she felt upon first entering the sprawling multi-leveled city of Midway and taking in the sight of the towering buildings, factories clad in smoke, and extensive aerodromes from which airships of all shapes and sizes were constantly departing and arriving could only be described as one of utter amazement.

When she was still only a child she had been awed by the tales of aeronauts, and the sight of mighty dreadnaughts, smaller but fiercer frigates and giant cargo ships that occasionally flew above her village and had long dreamed of being able to join in that lifestyle. To that end she had arrived in the city to seek work on one of the vessels, but this goal was quickly waylaid by her fascination with the bustle of city life as she wandered about watching the busy locals walk by, and marveling at the vast networks of machinery that kept the city functioning.

She walked aimlessly for close to an hour, until she finally found herself leaning against the railing at the very edge of one of the upper levels of the city, situated several hundred feet above the ground. Looking out across the built-up land surrounding the city, she felt like she must be at the very top of the world, like a goddess looking down on her realm from the top of a magnificent mountain. However, as she took a deep breath and allowed herself to settle and relax, she became aware of a problem that was certainly not befitting of a goddess. In her excitement she had completely neglected her body’s needs.

She felt a little tired, maybe a touch hungry too, but more than anything she had to pee. Growing up in the countryside she was used to simply sneaking off into the woods and relieving herself in privacy whenever the need got bad enough, and as such she was very much unused to holding it. The sprawling cityscape would however provide few opportunities for such secluded relief. She briefly scanned her eyes across the streets from where she stood, shifting in place as she did so.

“Dammit…” she muttered, as she glumly resigned herself to holding it in until she could find a proper bathroom where she could pee in peace.

She set off to search for one, but her expedition yielded no success. Street after street she paced, finding nothing but residences, factories and stores, none of which she could pluck up the courage to ask the gruff and busy-looking people who occupied them if they wouldn’t mind sharing their facilities. As her need grew ever more pronounced, she considered simply diving into one of the alleys, pulling her pants aside and letting go, but despite her bladder’s protests she repeatedly dismissed the thought.

“No way I could ever do that with so many people walking by…” she mumbled to herself as she subtly crossed her legs in an attempt to reduce the pressure that was now constantly reminding her of her impending desperation.

Her search eventually led her back down to the lower levels of the city, where her straining body finally convinced her to ask for directions from one of the locals. After a few attempts to catch the attention of the rapidly passing pedestrians her eyes settled on one particular person, a girl who looked to be about her age who was sitting on a large crate idly cleaning her nails with an iron pick. She was short, thin, and had a shock of ginger hair messily cut to just above chin-length as well as a small collection of freckles which dotted her pale face. Set into that face were a pair of big, hazel-brown eyes.

As for her clothing she wore a long, dark grey overcoat with a coal-stained white shirt underneath and a pair of suspenders holding up her rough, brown pants. She also had a pair of scratched-up goggles strapped across a grey stovepipe hat, that almost mimicked Isabelle's own attire, only it was considerably shorter and more crooked. Isabelle stiffly walked up to her, trying her best not to betray just how badly she had to go. She stopped just a few feet in front of the girl and cleared her throat.

“Um, excuse me miss… I was wondering if you could direct me to-“

The girl jumped up with a start, and to Isabelle’s surprise unsheathed a small knife, pointing it directly at her throat.

“Oi, who do you think you are, sneakin’ up on a gal like that? You a license hunter?” she demanded, waving the blade menacingly in front of her.

Isabelle was shocked, almost to the point of speechlessness.

“I- n-no, I’m just looking for-“

“Right, right, so you’re with a rival company then, eh? Well this spot’s been booked by captain Amelia, and I’m ‘ere on her behalf, so get lost ya rat!”

Isabelle started stepping from foot to foot. This girl's constant shouting certainly wasn’t helping her situation in the slightest… Even so, she continued trying to explain herself.

“I-I’m not with any company, I’m not even from here! I-I just need you to show me-“

Once again, the girl interrupted.

“Aha! So you’re one a’ them thugs what tried to run my good captain out a’ Highfall last week, are ya? Well guess what, I’m right tough I am, so if you think you can scare me outta’ were you can shove it up your-“

“Shut it!” yelled Isabelle, finally running out of patience.

The girl looked completely caught off guard by this sudden display, lowering her knife and simply staring blankly at her.

“I’m not with a company, I’m not from Highfall, and I’m not a whatever-it-was hunter, I just really need you to show me how to get to the bathroom, okay?”

After a moment the girl regained her composure and cocked her head.

“I- bathroom? Well… I dunno, most folks ‘round ‘ere just shower every so often, eh? Why’d ya need a bath so badly anyway? You look cleaner than most ‘a the folk what live ‘round these parts. Aw, don’t tell me you’re one a’ them fancy people…”

Isabelle pushed a hand into her crotch. She really didn’t have time for this…

“Wh- no I don’t need a bath! I need to… use the facilities.” she tried, her cheeks taking on a slight red hue.

The girl sighed in frustration.

“What “facilities”, eh? Do you even know what you’re talkin’ about? Honestly, love you gotta be more specific with these kind a’ things, I'm not a bloomin’-“

“Pee! I have to pee, okay? And I don’t know how to find the bathroom, or facilities or whatever you people call them and this place is like a damn maze and I’ve been holding it for ages now so could you please, please just show me where I can pee!” Isabelle finally yelled.

The girl looked shocked at first, but after a brief pause she started to giggle.

“Oh, I get’s it now, you really aren’t from Midway, are ya lassie?”

Isabelle looked down, crossing her legs as she did so.

“No, I’m not… I’m from a village in the Cascades…”

“Ah, a proper greenleg then, I takes it? Well ‘ere’s your first lesson I suppose… ‘round here, when we have to take a piss we call it “hittin’ the blocks”. That work for ya, love?” the girl grinned.

“I-I guess…” Isabelle mumbled in an embarrassed tone, still shifting in place.

“Well, go on then.” the girl said expectantly.

“Go on… what?”

“Tell me what ya need!” the girl giggled.

“I… um… well I need to… hit the blocks.” Isabelle said, turning more and more red by the second.

To her surprise, the girl then grabbed her arm.

“Well, why didn’t ya just say so! C’mon now, it’s just ‘round this corner ‘ere. Name’s Lizzie by the way, since you didn’t ask. “Elizabeth” if you really are one ‘a them fancy folk. What about yourself?”

“Um… it’s Isabelle… P-Pleasure to meet you.” mumbled Isabelle in response.

“Quite the same, lassie! Now let’s not keep you waitin’ anymore.”

And with that, Elizabeth led the persistently squirming and blushing Isabelle down a winding street and into a dim wooden room with the text “Public Block” crudely stamped on the door.

“There ya go, love! Get on with it and we’ll be out in a jiffy.” stated Lizzie with a grin.

Isabelle wasn’t convinced however. Unlike the bathrooms she’d know throughout her entire life, there were no stalls here. Just one long metal trough, through which water seemed to periodically flow.

“U-Um… where do I…?” she tired.

Lizzie rolled her eyes.

“Well I reckon's it’s more than obvious what ya gotta do ‘ere love. Pull your pants off, squat down 'alfway and go. I mean really, it ain’t that ‘ard!” she chuckled.

Isabelle gulped, nervously stepping forward to the trough and steeling herself for the experience. Normally, she wouldn’t even consider going in something like this. It was too public and far too dirty, let alone the fact that she’d have to partially stand (something which she was most unaccustomed to), but her bladder was already full to bursting and she didn’t want to risk leaving in search of another bathroom, let alone the embarrassment of trying to explain the problem to someone like Lizzie. In her hesitation though she was once again interrupted by the girl.

“Gosh lassie, if you’re gonna take this bloomin’ long I might as well go too. Scooch over, would ya?” she said as she shuffled closer and turned her backside towards the trough, grasping the edges of her pants as she did so.

“W-Wait! Would you… let me go first please? I… really don’t want to wait…” said Isabelle as her potty dancing intensified.

She was however met with a look of utter bewilderment from Lizzie, who had stopped in her tracks midway through pulling her pants down.

“…What are you on about? “Go first”? This some kind ‘a weird greenleg thing, eh? It’s a block drain, love, it’s meant to be used by lots a’ folk at once, got it?”

“C-Could you please just wait outside until I’m done?” pleaded Isabelle frantically.

Lizzie shot her a deeply annoyed look and pulled her pants back up, turning towards the door.

“Ugh, fine, whatever! Just don’t take too long, ‘kay? I got stuff I need to get on with too. Oh, and try not to get your throat slit while your back’s turned. Folk’s ‘round ‘ere take what they can get, if ya see what I mean.” she smirked.

Isabelle went white.

“Um… okay, could you also make sure nobody else comes in here while I’m… relieving myself?”

Lizzie let out a very audible sigh.

“Fine, fine, I was just fibbin’ I was, but whatever makes ya happy, greenleg. God, you’re a pain in the arse...” she said as she left the room, closing the door behind her.

Alone now, Isabelle quickly unbuckled her pants and pulled them down, pushing her backside out over the metal drain. She felt how desperately she needed to go now. All that waiting had really taken a toll on her body… She closed her eyes, relaxed her bladder and… nothing. She repositioned herself and relaxed again. Still nothing, other than a much more pressing need. She was now starting to panic, why couldn’t she go? Was she just too nervous, or was it that her body was unused to peeing in such a strange position? She had squatted down in the woods plenty of times, but she’d never done it standing up like this, nor had she done it in such a public place before.

She stuck her backside out further and pushed. A jet of urine shot out from between her legs, hitting the metal and making a very audible splattering noise. She froze up, her need now getting even worse thanks to the slight taste of relief she had achieved. Finally, she tired squatting down as low as she could without her privates actually touching the cold, damp metal beneath her. She relaxed, closed her eyes again, and to her relief a slow, tinkling stream began to leave her exhausted bladder.

“Finally…” she mumbled.

However just as she had started peeing, the door to the bathroom swung open and to her horror Isabelle saw Lizzie sticking her head through with an exasperated look on her face.

“Oi, ya done yet, love?” she shouted.

Isabelle shot up, desperately clenching to stop her flow and quickly pulling her pants back up.

“N-No! Why did you do that?!” she yelled, shooting Lizzie a look that was equal parts shame and annoyance.

“You’ve already been in 'ere for ages! Get a move on, would ya!”

“I will if you stop interrupting me!” Isabelle shouted back.

Lizzie frowned and slammed the door shut, muttering something about “greenlegs” as she did so.

Now Isabelle had a problem however. The unexpected interruption had caused her nerves to flare up anew, and even though she tried to resume her position her body simply wasn’t letting her go anymore, no matter how hard she pushed. She let out a frustrated groan. She was desperate. Her bladder couldn’t take much more, but the pressure she felt from Lizzie and the unfamiliar nature of her situation was too much for her to handle. She knew she wouldn’t be able to hold it for long if she simply left, and yet she couldn’t go.

Her eyes started frantically scanning for a solution but all she could find in the room was the metal trough and a few old sinks raised much too high for her to even think of using them as toilets. Eventually however, her eyes settled on the far corner of the room, and a thought snaked its way into her mind. What if she just peed on the floor? It wasn’t a great option by any means, and the thought of someone walking in on her like that was almost enough to make her dismiss the idea outright, but she would be able to lower herself into a much more comfortable position if she did, and so her desperately full bladder convinced her to go with it.

She quickly hobbled over to the corner, holding herself and wincing with each step. When she made it there she quickly squatted down facing the wall, pulled her pants out of the way, and pushed. This new strategy was far more effective than she had expected as pee began gushing out of her bulging bladder, quickly forming a puddle in the corner of the little room. She sighed in relief, closing her eyes and imagining being back out in one of the forests of her home, which had so frequently served as a means of relief for her. Her urine had seeped in between the cracks in the floorboards, so her puddle wasn’t too noticeable, but the sheer volume at which she was peeing did cause it to grow to a not insignificant size.

Finally, the last few drops had left her body. And so, feeling a mix of embarrassment, frustration, and immense relief she pulled her pants back up, fastened her belt and left the bathroom. Lizzie was leaning against the wall outside, and quickly pushed past her as soon as she was out.

“Honestly, it’s a bloomin’ wonder I didn’t piss my britches waitin’ for ya…” she said as she hurried inside.

Isabelle took a deep breath and sighed. She hadn’t expected the city to be this vexing at all. Looking out across it again though, she was reminded of why she had come here in the first place, and assured herself that it was just a case of getting used to it.

About two minutes after Lizzie had entered the bathroom she emerged once more, adjusting her pants and straightening her coat, all the while wearing a notiecable look of relief.

“Right, all better there now eh, princess?” she said, shooting Isabelle a mocking grin.

Isabelle crossed her arms and looked away.

“Yes… actually. Much better.” Isabelle responded, refusing to meet the gaze of the smaller girl.

“Well then, if I’m all done playin’ nanny to ya I’ll be getting’ back to me’ job if ya don’t mind. Pleasure meetin’ ya.”

And with that, Lizzie turned and began walking away. Isabelle watched her leave, and after a moment’s consideration she called after the slowly retreating figure of the girl.

“Hey, uh… Lizzie?”

Lizzie stopped.

“Yeh, what is it?” she said over her shoulder.

Isabelle looked down at her feet awkwardly.

“Um… I just wanted to say… thank you. I… know I probably seem a little odd to you after all this, and I know I got a bit snappy about it but… you did help me out… so thanks.”

“Right, right, no trouble.” said Lizzie as she started walking away once more, dismissively waving her hand at the girl.

However, to Isabelle’s surprise, she suddenly stopped dead in her tracks, and after a few seconds wait she turned around and started looking over the much taller girl. Suddenly, she began walking towards her again. Isabelle instinctively took a step back, but before she knew it Lizzie was standing right in front of her, staring up at her face.

“Say… you said you was from the country, didn’t ya?” she said, still examining the girl with an intense look of curiosity.

“Y-Yes, I’m from the Cascades…” responded Isabelle, somewhat taken aback by the attention she was now receiving.

“Right, an' I’m guessin’ you know the area quite well then, eh?” Lizzie continued, a knowing smirk beginning to form across her face.

“I- Well yes, I grew up wandering those regions…”

“And tell me then, love… what were it that made ya travel right down ‘ere then?” said the girl, moving in even closer to Isabelle’s face.

“I-I was… well I just… I was… looking to fly with an airship…” mumbled Isabelle, getting more and more flustered by the second.

Suddenly, Lizzie jumped back and clapped her hands triumphantly.

“Hah! Just as I’d ‘oped! Well you’re right lucky then, you are, ‘cause it just so ‘appens I fly with a right fine vessel I do, and we just might ‘ave a job for ya, lassie. Now ya might be a greenleg, and a bloomin’ strange one at that, but you do got somethin’ about ya… What say you tag along with me and meet my captain, eh?” she grinned.

Isabelle was completely taken aback by the sudden offer, but after a good few moments of consideration, she concluded that she probably wouldn’t get a better shot at making her dream a reality. She nodded hesitantly, and Lizzie hopped to her side and began leading her down the streets once more.

“C’mon now you, I reckon the captain’ll take a right shine to ya, if you behave.”

Isabelle allowed herself a cautious smile.

“Um… thank you, Lizzie. I look forward to it.”

Lizze grinned again.

“Pleasure’s all mine, Isabelle. Pleasure’s all mine.”

*003*2022-01-13 08:34

Chapter 2: The Captain and the Country Girl

Lizzie led Isabelle through the streets and up the city level by level. The further they walked, the more Isabelle became convinced that the city simply went on forever. Her head was swimming, both with the events of the day and with thoughts of what was yet to come. Feeling herself starting to get increasingly nervous and overwhelmed, she turned to make conversation with her new unexpected companion who was still marching along next to her, whistling a whimsical tune to herself.

“So uh… this captain of yours… Amelia, was it? What’s she like?”

“Captain Amelia? I’m shocked you ain’t ‘eard the tales about ‘er! She’s the most fearsome an’ respectable captain ever to take to the skies, she is! On top ‘a that, she flies the finest ship what you’ll ever lay your eyes on, a real beast o’ the skies! What’dya think ‘a that eh, greenleg?” Lizzie excitedly exclaimed.

Isabelle gulped.

“I… L-Lizzie, do you really think someone like that will have any use for me on her ship?”

“‘Course she will! Give ‘er a sec to warm to ya an’ I reckon you’ll fit right in no problem!” Lizzie assured her with a grin.

“If you say so…” Isabelle mumbled.

Finally, the two arrived at the edge of one of the extensive skydocks that jutted out along the outside of the city, like jagged metal hands stretching towards the horizon. Above the entryway hung a sign which read “Scrapper Exchange Dock”. Lizzie began skipping down the length of the walkway and quickly beckoned for Isabelle to follow her. She did so reluctantly, realizing that looking out across the immense drop from the level of the city on which she now found herself was quite different from actually walking over it.

As she stepped out and began walking across the wide, firm, yet rough-looking metal path the sounds of gushing steam, whirring engines, and the hoarse shouting of crewmen became ever more pronounced. She passed by many vessels, each seemingly larger than the last, ever wondering which one of them would be taking her up into the skies for the first time in her life. She allowed herself a cautious smile as excitement began to take over from anxiety once more. This truly was to be the beginning of her adventure out into the world. Finally, Lizzie signaled for Isabelle to stop walking. Still grinning, she swept her hand out across one of the airships.

“There you ‘ave ‘er, the best scrapper vessel ever to grace the skies!” she declared “The mighty, the terrifyin’, an’ the right bloomin’ beautiful… it’s the one an’ only, The Gloomy Wanderer!”

Isabelle looked out at the ship that lay anchored in front of her and cocked her head. It appeared to be about 60 feet in length with a somewhat deep hull and two air balloons suspended above it, one big one that ran from the front of the ship along the length of the deck and one smaller one at the back. Not tiny as such, but it wasn’t quite the magnificent warship Isabelle had envisioned. The way it was constructed wasn’t exactly anything to boast about either. With a hull consisting mainly of what looked to be pine wood and several crudely forged metal plates all held together by thick steel beams the ship did at least look sturdy, but it was a far cry from the mighty, ornate vessels of the imperial fleet with their polished heavy oaken panels, reinforced with twice-forged steel plating. Across the side of the hull was painted a red raven that looked to be carrying a lantern.

“I know what you’re thinkin’ there, lassie… “How could I ever be worthy a’ servin’ on such a fine ship”, eh? Well don’t you worry yourself ‘bout that. Just follow my lead an’ you’ll be fine, I swears it!” Lizzie exclaimed, putting a friendly hand on Isabelle’s shoulder.

“Right…” Isabelle muttered, still not taking her eyes of the ship.

A sudden pat from the aforementioned hand snapped her out of her puzzled trance and she turned once more towards Lizzie.

“Well then, if you’re quite done gawkin’ let’s not waste any more time, ‘aright? Sky’s waitin’ for ya, greenleg!” she declared as she hopped joyfully aboard the craft.

Isabelle trudged after the girl, making sure to keep her eyes on the narrow gangplank as she walked across it. Just before she touched down on the deck however, she heard a voice booming out from ahead of her.

“Elizabeth Sintch, you’re late! We’ve had to delay the launch for at least half an hour thanks to your tardiness!”

Isabelle was so taken aback by this sudden occurrence that she nearly lost her footing, tripping over onto her knees where she desperately clasped the sides of the gangplank to steady herself. When she looked up she was greeted by the sight of a man towering over both her and Lizzie. He was easily over six-foot-five and built like a bull, with thick-set arms and legs. His skin was dark and weather-beaten, while a pair of deep-set brown eyes stared forth from his rough face. Though he was completely bald, he sported a bushy, white (and somewhat unkempt) moustache. As for his attire he wore only a pair of loose black pants attached with suspenders which stretched up across a half-open white shirt. Isabelle looked at the man, afraid of what kind of trouble he was about to get Lizzie into, but when she looked back at her companion she was surprised to see her shooting the man a mocking grin.

“Hah! So that’s thirty more minutes for you to slack of an’ nap eh, Sammy?”

The man shrugged.

“I take pride in getting my work done efficiently, that’s all. If you catch me napping it’s because the ship and crew are already in perfect condition! Besides, when I’m working the helm I never sleep, unlike you on lookout duty.”

The two then burst out laughing, and the man slapped a friendly hand down on Lizzie’s head with such force that it looked to Isabelle like he’d crush her. However, she simply brushed him off and continued her laughing fit. During this episode, Isabelle had managed to clamber up the last part of the gangplank, shakily get to her feet and brush her coat off with a sigh. At this, the man turned and began looking her over.

“My my, what have we here?” he said, putting his hands behind his back and leaning in almost uncomfortably close to Isabelle with a warm smile. Isabelle took a step back and awkwardly attempted to return the man’s smile.

“Ah- um… M-My name’s Isabelle.” she stuttered.

The man backed off and jerked his thumb toward her.

“This our new navigator, Lizzie?”

Lizzie nodded eagerly.

“Aye, a greenleg straight from the Cascades no less!”

“Huh, might come in handy then. Well then Isabelle, it’s a pleasure to meet you!” the man said.

“Y-Yes, you too mister… Sammy, was it?” she trailed off looking over to Lizzie for help as she did so.

“The name’s Samsworth Arrowe, but you can call me Mr. Arrowe. Everybody else on board does, ‘cept this brat.” he said, kneading a fist into Lizzie’s head as he did so. She quickly pushed his arm off to the side with a chuckle.

“Aye, ‘es our crew’s chief ‘elmsman.” she said, pointing to the ship’s wheel that sat on a raised deck near the back of the vessel.

“As well as the captain’s personal favorite.” Arrowe added with a proud smile, rubbing one end of his mustache as he did so.

As soon as he said that however, he received an annoyed look and an ineffectual slap across his right arm from Lizzie.

“Oh, don’t you go fillin’ the new girl’s ‘ead with lies now, you! You’re first mate, quite bloomin’ different from being her favorite I’d say!”

Arrowe shrugged again, smirking at the girl as he did so.

“Say what you will, you’ll come to accept the truth soon enough. Anyway, whatever my status here on the ship, Isabelle, it’s a pleasure to meet you.” he said, extending a hand to her as he did.

She clasped it, giving herself over to a rough handshake.

“And you, Mr. Arrowe. I look forward to working with you.”

Arrowe laughed.

“Hah! Now there’s a proper greeting! Do take notes, Elizabeth.”

The girl simply frowned in response.

As he ended the handshake however, yet another voice rang out across the ship. However, unlike the welcoming and booming symphony that was Arrowe’s voice, or the comparatively playful and energetic chatter of Lizzie, this voice was stern and held a distinctly calculating note.

“I take it from this ruckus that Miss Sintch has returned, correct?”

Arrowe immediately straightened his back and turned to address the owner of the new voice.

“Aye, Captain.” he declared.

So this must be Captain Amelia. Isabelle thought to herself. She looked the woman over, growing more and more awed as she did so. She was tall, even noticeably taller than Isabelle herself (though not quite approaching the towering stature of Mr. Arrowe) and she seemed to be quite well-built to boot. Going by the features on her pale face, Isabelle would estimate that she was in her late twenties, perhaps even early thirties, but the fierce and weathered look in her bright blue eyes made her appear much older.

She had a crimson red bob cut which swept down across the right side of her face, framing her small, ever so slightly pointed nose and topped off with a black tricorn hat. Isabelle also noticed that she had a metal pin depicting a raven attached to one side of it. In addition to that she wore a somewhat tight-fitted black tailcoat, with a black shirt adorned with golden buttons, as well as a pair of equally tight-fitted white pants. On her feet she wore a pair of knee-high black leather boots with a pair of silver buckles strapped across the top of them. She even had a pair of silver epaulets across her shoulders, the mark of a captain who had been recognized within the Imperiate.

In contrast to the ship, Amelia perfectly matched and perhaps even surpassed Isabelle’s expectations of what an airship’s captain would look like.

“Excellent.” the woman continued “And tell me, Miss Sintch, did you manage to use to money I gave you to hire a skilled enough navigator for our journey?”

Lizzie cheerfully bounded up to her with a grin spread from ear to ear.

“Did even better I did, captain! Swiped us a gal right outta the Cascades, and what’s more I didn’t waste a single coin on ‘er! She’s a right good sport ‘bout the idea of flyin’ too, ‘least for a greenleg, she is.”

Isabelle glared at Lizzie as the captain let out a sigh.

“Just what we needed…” she sarcastically mumbled “Well, inexperienced or not we’ll be casting off imminently, so she’ll have to do I suppose. Come along then girl, I’d like to learn what you’re made of before we leave. As for the rest of you, Tom’s had dinner and tea prepared below deck. As soon as you’ve eaten, I want you to get the ship ready for departure.”

Arrowe and Lizzie both enthusiastically saluted the woman in response.

“Aye, captain! We’ll be airborne within the hour!”

Seemingly satisfied, Amelia gave a short nod, then turned and began walking back to her cabin, gesturing for Isabelle to follow her as she did so. Isabelle obeyed, but as she began walking she became aware of a slight tingle and a dull feeling of pressure pushing against her abdomen.

“It’s just nerves, Isabelle… calm down...” she whispered to herself.

The captain’s cabin was small and somewhat cramped, with a dark wooden floor and walls, bathed in light from oil lanterns that hung from the low ceiling. There was a wooden table in the middle of the room, which was covered in a red tablecloth and stacked with candles, maps and books. Set behind the table was an ornate yet somewhat worn-looking padded wooden chair upon which the captain seated herself, looking over Isabelle as she did so.

“Well then, let’s start simple… Your name.”

Isabelle was snapped out of her bewildered state.

“Oh, um, i-it’s Isabelle. Isabelle Laurent.”

“So, Miss Laurent… Elizabeth reckons you’d do well as our new navigator then, does she? Well I’m curious… do you agree with her assessment of your usefulness?”

Isabelle gulped.

“I-I… well I’ll… try my best.” she stuttered.

In response to this, the captain lent forward and crossed her arms.

“That’s not what I asked, girl... but no matter. I’m not much for talk anyway, and since you’ll be flying with us regardless I’ll see what you’re worth once we’re in the sky. You’re from the Cascades then, yes?”

“Y-Yes, captain. I’ve uh… spent my whole life there. I mean… until now, of course.”

Isabelle shifted in place, nervously averting her eyes from the fierce woman seated in front of her. She couldn’t tell if it was just the situation making her anxious, or if it really was her body once more asking for relief, but she was now aware of a growing feeling of discomfort in her bladder.

Do I seriously have to go again?

She looked over at the door, wondering where the bathroom might be on a ship like this, but when the captain once again spoke she immediately snapped back to attention.

“Good. We’re planning a salvage mission in that area, an old wreck about 3 days flight out from our current position. Several scrapping companies Your knowledge of the region should come in handy, even if you are a greenleg.”

“Captain I… was wondering what that word meant. I’m uh… guessing it’s not a good thing.”

The captain let out a short chuckle.

“It’s aeronaut speak for someone who’s never flown before, although if I were you I wouldn’t expect Elizabeth to stop referring to you as such for some time yet.”

“Yes, that’s… just about what I expected. I-If you don’t mind me asking though, is there… something I could call her in return?” Isabelle asked curiously, although a glare from the captain quickly made her regret her question.

“If there is, you should learn it in your own time. After all, if you want to keep flying with me and my crew you’ll have to learn to adapt to your new environment on your own.” as she said this, Amelia lowered her eyes and looked straight into Isabelle’s.

“Speaking of which… I know Miss Sintch recruited you, but I’m assuming you’re here by choice, so I find myself wondering… what was it that made you decide you wanted to join my crew, girl?” she asked.

Isabelle was taken aback by the captain’s question and looked down at the ground awkwardly. She paused for a moment before speaking.

“I… are you… familiar with the Farlight, captain?”

Amelia scoffed.

“The legendary great valley running the length of the Old World? I’d wager that there isn’t a captain within the Imperiate who hasn’t heard of it. What’s it to you though?”

All of a sudden, Isabelle felt very self-conscious. This was the first time she’d ever been confronted about her dreams and ambitions. But she refused to back out now…

“Well… I…” she took a deep breath and met the captain’s steely gaze “One day, I-I’d like to… to see it! T-To fly along it, and out into the distant Reaches. To see the icefields of the far north, a-and the endless oceans of the west!”

For the first time, the guarded look in captain Amelia’s eyes seemed to waver, giving way to a flicker of recognition as she gazed at her new crewmate. As quickly as it had come though, the flicker disappeared once more. The captain smiled, then wordlessly rose to her feet and walked past Isabelle towards the cabin door. As she opened it, she looked back over her shoulder.

“I’m guessing you’re quite hungry, as well as rather parched there. Our ship’s cook Tom has prepared food and drink below deck for the crew, and I want you to join them and eat your fill. It’ll be a good opportunity for you to introduce yourself and get settled in. We take to the skies in 30-minutes sharp, and I’ll call on you once we’re airborne to take up your position of navigator. Welcome to the crew, Isabelle.”

With that, captain Amelia strode out of the little cabin and set off along the deck, checking every rope and rivet as she marched the length of the ship. Isabelle simply stood in awe. Had she really just been signed on? Just like that? Still in a daze, she wandered after the captain, but as soon as she left the cabin she felt a hand grasp onto her shoulder. She squeaked in shock and jumped back to identify the owner of the hand, feeling the contents of her bladder slosh around uncomfortably as she did so. She crossed her legs subtly and looked up to see the hulking frame of Arrowe looming above her once again, a giant, warm grin set across his face.

“Cloud.” he said.

“I-I… what?” Isabelle stuttered in bewilderment.

Arrowe chuckled.

“If you do really want to get under Elizabeth’s skin, call her a “cloud”.”

Isabelle looked at the man for a moment, then allowed herself a sheepish grin.

“Thank you, Mr. Arrowe.”

“Come now, Tom gets furious if you let his food go cold before eating it.” Arrowe said, as began wandering towards the steps that led to the lower deck of the ship. Isabelle followed, but kept casting her gaze from side to side, hoping to find some sign of a bathroom. She gently pressed a hand between her legs as they walked.

Damn it… I’ll be in trouble if I don’t take care of this soon…

Author's note: Sorry for the long wait! Holidays have been a busy time for me this year, but never fear, the next part is already in the works and rest assured, it more than makes up for the relative lack of omo content in this chapter! Thank you all for the feedback and support, and I hope you continue to enjoy the story!

*005*2022-01-15 00:01

{{On 1/13/2022 at 3:25 AM, Bismiris said:

Excellent chapter!

}}

Glad you're enjoying it! It means a lot and helps me out with writing to hear what people think about my stories like that, whether it's positive or negative! And as said, if you have any scenarios you'd like me to include, or any other suggestions for the story I more than welcome them!

*007*2022-01-15 22:37

{{10 hours ago, Bismiris said:

While id prefer to be surprised, are you planning on having any scenes where someone pees off the side of the airship while its in flight?

}}

...I like the way you think. Stay tuned for the next couple of chapters


