Attack on Titan (Christa): Bursting while training

Author: CatchersEye

*000*2021-12-08 02:25

Disclaimer: This story contains very minor spoilers for Attack on Titan season 1, and follows the training arc of the 104th cadet corps, prior to Trost. I hope you enjoy!

“Stay in formation, cadets! Drift too far apart during a mission and the whole squad could be titan food in seconds!” shouted the instructor.

The 104th cadet corps was undergoing one of their most grueling tasks to date; a simulation of an actual mission into titan territory. The task was an all-day affair, and the cadets were expected to ride in formation for several hours at a time, broken up only by a select few 15-minutes breaks, as well as one hour long stop during the latter half of the day. The task was meant to test the physical and mental limits of the unfortunate cadets, and it certainly accomplished that. For one of the cadets though, a girl going by the name of Christa Lenz, it was testing one particular aspect of her body more so than anything.

She had felt the need to pee almost since they left in the morning but had pushed it to the back of her mind, dismissing it as “just nerves”. Now however, many hours later the need to relieve herself had become undeniable and almost impossible to ignore. During long haul training exercises like this one, cadets were expected to simply take care of their needs in the woods during the short breaks they were provided with during the day, but for some reason Christa had been overcome with a sense of embarrassment and nervousness every time the thought had crossed her mind.

Even though it was expected, the thought of her new comrades seeing her scurry off and knowing that she was about to squat down amidst the trees and pee made her feel very uncomfortable. On top of that, she really didn’t want to leave the group and go off on her own, even if it was just for a minute or two. She shifted in her saddle, gripping it a little tighter with her legs and silently cursing herself for being so anxious about something like this. She was shaken from her self-pitying state by the booming voice of her instructor, a tall and somewhat intimidating looking woman in her late twenties.

“Cadet Lenz! If you wanna let yourself fall behind like that then be my guest, but don’t act surprised if you end up being chewed to pieces in the jaws of the enemy once you’re out there for real!”

Christa snapped herself upright, causing the liquids in her slowly filling bladder to jostle and sending a small wave of pressure over her.

“Um- I’m sorry, ma’am!” she responded, quickly trying to reapply some pressure between her legs to accommodate her body’s new position.

“You will be sorry soon enough if you don’t get a grip, now are you gonna move your ass or are you expecting the whole formation to slow down to make up for your deficiencies?” the instructor questioned.

“N-No, I’m sorry, I won’t let it happen again! I won’t hold anyone back on my behalf!”

“Good to hear, now get to it!” the instructor shouted, turning her mount back to the side of the formation to resume her watch over it.

Christa rode back up to her position too and made sure to stick to it this time. However, keeping up and staying focused was becoming increasingly difficult, as her bladder steadily became more and more stretched. It had now transitioned from a noticeable pressure to a dull pain, constantly pushing for release. She let out a stifled groan. She’d never been great at holding it in even at the best of times, often finding herself making a desperate dash for the toilets just seconds before her bladder gave up, but this was different. She couldn’t discreetly sneak off down a winding street and rush into a closed stall here, if she wanted to relieve herself she’d have to simply walk off in full view of her comrades and go on the ground.

Although, even if she plucked up her courage enough to do that, she couldn’t do anything while she was still on horseback. The next break wasn’t for another 20 or so minutes at least, but Christa knew she didn’t have a choice but to hold it. She closed her eyes and clenched her lower body, trying to ease some of the discomfort which now constantly plagued her straining bladder. Whatever the case, she thought, she was not going to let anyone know how badly she had to go.

Unbeknownst to Christa however, her need had been noticed. Riding just a few positions away from her was another cadet. She was much taller than Christa, with dark hair tied at the back and freckles dotting her face. She had been sneaking glances at Christa all day, and it didn’t take long at all for her to notice her shifting, straining, and the slight blush that was slowly forming across her cheeks.

“Enjoying the show, Ymir?” came a gruff voice from behind her.

She turned her head and scoffed.

“Apparently I’m not the only one, Reiner. Tell me, what would our comrades think if they learn that their dear, stoic, loyal friend is secretly a raging pervert?” she retorted with a smirk.

Reiner didn’t seem bothered in the slightest.

“I’m just lookin’ out for the girl. Hate to say it, but she’s not really soldier material.” he stated matter-of-factly.

“Yeah, well that’s most of us, I reckon. After all, not everybody’s got meat for brains like you, big boy.”

“…You should stop staring at her. It’s obvious she doesn’t want to be bothered.” said Reiner after a brief pause.

Ymir shot him an annoyed look before turning her head back towards the struggling Christa once again.

“Tch… Well aren’t you sweet to worry about her so much. I’ll take it under advisement.” she sarcastically mumbled.

“Just play nice and we won’t have a problem. Break’s in twenty, I’ll see you then.” Reiner said, as he rode back to take up his own position once more.

“Mind your own damn business…” muttered Ymir, not really caring if he was still in earshot.

As the break drew near, Christa was becoming more and more frantic. She now had to continually focus on holding herself so as not to let any of the contents of her bladder escape into her pants, and she was getting fuller by the second. They still had a few hours until they were back at base, and she’d started to realize that she’d end up wetting herself long before then if she kept waiting, no matter how hard she tried not to. For now, she was just desperately focused on trying to hold out until they stopped. Then, just maybe, she could make it out into the seclusion of the forest they’d be staying in without anyone noticing. The idea of being alone in the woods still made her feel afraid, but her bursting bladder was beginning to numb that fear. Just then, she heard a shout from the edge of the formation.

“Five minutes until we stop, cadets! Keep pushing forward!”

“Okay… you can do this… just five more minutes…” she quietly told herself, but the mere hint of relief being close made her bladder contract in protest, forcing a few drops out of her.

She went bright red and clenched her legs together against the saddle as hard as she could to keep any more from escaping. The slight taste of release had however made her need immeasurably more urgent, and the thought of just letting it all out in her saddle had wormed it’s way into her mind. It’s not like she’d be the first scout to pee herself, after all, and at this rate she wasn’t even sure if she’d make it another five minutes. She shook her head firmly.

“No, no way I’m doing that!” she defiantly whispered, as if verbally ordering her pee to stay right where it was. Her body, however, had other ideas.

Just as they were approaching their stop, her focus was momentarily drawn from her desperately clenched urethra by another announcement from the instructor, telling them all to prepare to dismount and take care of any business they had. With her focus now elsewhere, her bladder relaxed just ever so slightly, and without warning a stream of pee shot out and started rapidly spreading along her underclothes. She quickly realized what was happening and tensed her urethra as much as possible, quickly pulling a hand from her reins and holding herself with it, just about managing to stop the flow in the process.

“O-Oh no-!” she squeaked, looking down at her crotch to see if it would be visible.

Fortunately for her, the thick fabric of her underclothes had soaked up her little mistake, and no one would be the wiser. However, she knew now that she couldn’t wait much longer and what with how much pee she was holding she felt quite confident that there was no fabric in the world that could keep that hidden if she did wet herself.

As the formation came to a halt in a little clearing, Christa was one of the first to jump off her horse and land on the hard forest floor beneath, the impact of which traveled up through her legs caused yet another spurt to escape from her now overflowing bladder. The instructor turned to address the crowd of exhausted cadets.

“Alright all of you, fifteen minutes and I want you back in the saddle! Break out your ration packs and take a quick breather. Next stop’s another two hours away so if you need a piss, do it now!”

That last part really didn’t help Christa in her desperate state. She waited a few more minutes as everybody else settled down to eat and rest, and as soon as she thought nobody was looking she turned away from the group and began stiffly walking off into the woods, wincing and whimpering with each step, getting closer and closer to peeing herself. As she reached the edge of the clearing however, she froze. She looked off into the dark, foreboding woods and felt a resurgence of the fear and anxiety that had kept her from relief the past few stops. But she couldn’t wait anymore.

She felt sure that if she didn’t go now, she’d end up peeing before the break was even up, let alone during the wait for the next one. And yet she simply couldn’t bring herself to walk off into the dark. At this point, she was swinging her hips side to side, almost doubled over and hands pressed into her crotch with all her strength in a desperate attempt to hold it in until she could pluck up the courage to go. She was stepping from foot to foot, biting her lip, anything to keep the floodgates sealed. Then, suddenly…

“Wow, where’d you learn to dance like that, sweetie?”

Christa spun around and straightened herself out in an instant, ‘causing another very long spurt to spread across her pants as she did so.

“A-Ah, Y-Ymir, right? Just now I… I wasn’t-“ she awkwardly stammered, trying to think of a plausible excuse for her display.

“Oh, spare me. It’s obvious you’re dying for a piss, right? Why not just go? I mean, it’s not like there are actual titans out there to be scared of so what’s the deal?”

Christa went bright red and turned her head down, her body beginning to shake as she tried in vain to keep still.

“I… I don’t have to… do that. I-I mean, I’m f-fine for now…”

Ymir scoffed at her.

“Hah, right, sure. I’m certain you’re just practicing those little potty dance moves in case you ever start up an entertainment act for the folks in the military, yeah? And that wet spot on your pants, that’s just from some water your spilled while we were riding, huh?”

Christa looked down. Sure enough, a very pale yellow stain was now very much visible on her white cadet’s pants. Starting to tear up, she was far too embarrassed to even try to justify herself anymore.

“Seriously, how’d you let it get this bad? Do you just do this for fun, or do you actually like to think of yourself as much too demure to pee in the woods like everyone else? Wow, talk about-“

“Would you stop! Why do you even care?” Christa suddenly snapped back.

This seemed to catch Ymir off guard. She looked shocked for a moment, before lowering her eyes and turning away. After a noticeable pause, she spoke again.

“It’s just bugging me to watch, that’s all…”

She sighed and turned back to the still dancing Christa.

“Look sweetie, I gotta go too, so if you really can’t bring yourself to just pee like a normal person how about we go together?”

Now it was Christa’s turn to look shocked. Ymir was always teasing her, and she never really seemed to care much about what happened to others at all, so what was this all of a sudden?

“A-Are you joking? Why would you offer that?” she questioned.

Ymir shrugged.

“Beats watching you be dumb and hold it when you don’t need to, I guess. Look, it is what it is so take it or leave it. I’m going either way.”

“Are you kidding?! T-There’s no way I could p-pee in front of another girl! That’s way too- ah!” Christa ranted, as another spurt dampened her pants.

Ymir scoffed again and began walking into the woods.

“Suit yourself, unlike you I’m not waiting anymore. Feel free to tag along, but if you’re gonna change your mind do yourself a favor and make it happen before you piss yourself.” she said as she passed the desperately squirming girl.

Christa watched her walk away with a frantic look in her eyes. Her bladder was screaming for relief, her whole body shaking and twisting as she tried to keep herself from having a full-blown accident. She couldn’t wait any longer. She was spurting continuously now, and she could feel her control starting to slip. She took a deep breath, it was now or never.

“W-Wait, p-p-please! I’ll- ah! I’ll come with you!” she shouted after Ymir.

She didn’t stop, she simply looked back over her shoulder and smirked.

“See, that wasn’t so hard, was it?”

The two of them began walking away from the group. Ymir kept a steady stride, barely betraying her own need, while Christa hobbled after her, tripping and stumbling constantly as every once of her focus was on keeping what little control she still had over her failing bladder. After about a minute, Ymir stopped and looked around.

“Perfect. Nobody’ll see us here.” she said as she started undoing the straps that fastened her pants.

A moment later, she pulled her pants down, squatted down low on the ground, and started to pee, letting out a low sigh as she did so. As she began relieving herself, she looked over at Christa.

She was struggling considerably with her uniform, frantically clawing at the straps and buttons, panting and groaning as she did so. The stain across the front of her pants seemed to be growing noticeably every few seconds now. Ymir raised an eyebrow.

“Hey uh… you doing alright there?”

“I-I can’t get it off! O-Oh no-! It’s c-c-coming out!” she squeaked in a panicked voice.

“U-Um, well I can’t really help you right now. Kinda busy here, sweetie. Just… take those two straps off over your shoulders!”

Christa did as she said, and just about managed to get the straps off, but the slight way she had to contort her body to do so made her lose what little control she had left over her bladder. She started peeing full force into her pants, and desperately yanked them down. In her haste however, she had failed to grasp hold of her underclothes and fell backwards, landing butt-first on the ground, legs spread wide and urine hissing uncontrollably from between her legs. A puddle began forming on the forest floor beneath her as she finally gave up on even trying to hold it, turning her head down as she stifled a moan. Ymir was speechless. A part of her did feel bad watching the girl in such a pathetic state, but there was another part of her mind that found it almost… cute? She shook her head as she kept peeing. When she finished she shook herself off and walked over to the smaller girl, who was still uncontrollably flooding the ground around her.

“Uh… so like… um… you okay?” Ymir managed, turning her gaze away from the spectacle as she began to blush.

Christa couldn’t respond. She was stuck between gasping, sobbing, and moaning as she continued to empty her overstretched bladder. She’d never felt more embarrassed in her life, and yet the pleasure of letting it all out after so long was overwhelming. She had never felt relief like this before, even when pushed to what she previously thought was her absolute limit. On top of that, it just kept coming. She peed for what felt like an eternity until the last few drops finally left her bladder. She let out one final sigh, and then started to sob. She had just pretty much wet herself in front of one of her comrades. Even worse, it was Ymir. She knew that she’d be teased about this for the rest of her life in the military.

“Hey, uh… Christa.” Ymir said softly, but the blushing girl was far too embarrassed to even so much as look at her comrade, let alone respond.

How could she let this happen to herself? She was supposed to be fighting titans, and she couldn’t even control her own body. Her mind flashed back to all the times she’d nearly wet herself growing up, every mad dash to the toilet and every near miss. Nothing had changed. She was still the same useless little girl. She didn’t deserve to fight with her comrades. Maybe it’d be best if she just-

“Hey! I’m talking to you!”

Christa looked up to see Ymir standing over her.

“Y… Ymir… Please don’t-“

“Don’t tell anyone? Are you seriously worrying about that right now? Like I’d ever share a story like this with any of those creeps in our squad! No way, sweetie, this one’s staying with me.” she laughed.

“Ymir! I-It’s not funny! I just… I-I just…”

“Yeah, you just basically pissed yourself, big deal.”

“W-What…?” Christa asked, amazed that she wasn’t being teased for once.

“I mean, you know why it happened, so just don’t be a stubborn dumbass about it next time and there won’t be anything for you to worry about, right? Besides, pretty much everyone wets themselves at some point in life. It’s how we learn.”

Christa wiped her tears and thought about what she was hearing for a second.

“Does that mean that you’ve…?”

Ymir started to laugh loudly.

“Damn right I have! Come on now, I reckon break’s almost over so let’s head back to the group. I’ll tell you all about when it happened to me while we walk.” she said as she strode past the girl and back towards the clearing.

Christa allowed herself a gentle smile.

“If… you like. Um, but… Ymir? What about my… pants?”

Ymir turned back and flashed her a smirk.

“Don’t worry. As soon as you’re back in the saddle, nobody’ll be the wiser. Now, about that story I had for ya…”

*001*2022-02-16 03:23

Follow up - Punishment (Ymir's story)

Ymir stood lined up side by side with her new companions in the 104th cadet corps, few of which she had even bothered talking to, let alone getting to know. She stared out across the training camp towards the setting sun and sighed. They had been ordered to line up for a training course, a task which seemed to the girl to be a complete and utter waste of time as it had (to her mind) absolutely nothing to do with the dangers they might conceivably face in the future.

In fact, there were only two reasons she had bothered to show up at all. The first was that their rankings were on the line, but the second (and to her mind more important) reason was so that she could keep an eye on the one cadet she had grown to know and like: a young, slight and somewhat pathetic girl going by the name of Christa Lenz. To Ymir's immense annoyance however, the 104th had been split into two groups for this exercise, and she and Christa had ended up in different spots. As she stood grumbling over this however, she became aware of another irritation: a dull sensation of pressure pushing against her bladder. Normally, this would just prompt a quick visit to the bathroom, or bushes (whichever was closest), but she knew that they didn't allow cadets to wander off during line up. She let out an audible sigh of annoyance.

This really isn't my day, huh?

Eventually, the instructor showed up. She was a well-built woman with stern features. Good at her job, but not exactly known for being lenient on her students. She began grilling the cadets about endurance and the importance of fortitude and perseverance, all of which was like water off a duck's back to the increasingly impatient Ymir, and then finally she gave the order for everyone to prepare to run the training course. Ymir toyed with the idea of simply sneaking off behind the camp to relieve herself now, but decided she could wait until after she'd completed the course, so as to hopefully gain herself a more favourable spot in their eventual rankings. She took a moment to gather herself, and then began running.

The course was longer than she had expected, with several hurdles and crawlspaces intermittently dotted about it, and with shouts from the instructor ringing out across it nearly constantly it was far from a pleasant experience. What's more, each cadet had to complete the course several times over to prove their endurance (which would've been a difficult task for most even at the best of times) and after 20 minutes of running, climbing and crawling the constant jostling was really beginning to take a toll on Ymir's now quite full bladder. She felt it's contents sloshing back and forth, imploring her to hurry up and find a spot where she could let it all out. 5 more minutes, and she decided enough was enough. She jumped out of the course track, and began casually walking towards the bathrooms. However, she was stopped in her tracks by the booming voice of the instructor.

“Cadet! Where is it you think you're going?” she shouted.

Ymir turned and gave the instructor a withering look.

“I gotta take a piss. That unusual?” she responded sarcastically.

The instructor did not look impressed.

“You mean you didn't go before we started? And why exactly might that be?” she demanded to Ymir's annoyance.

“Listen, I'm not some kid who needs to be reminded to go potty before heading out, I pee whenever I have to pee, that make enough sense for ya?”

The instructor narrowed her eyes.

“So, you think the titans are gonna wait for you to relieve yourself while you're out on a mission, cadet?”

Ymir shrugged her shoulders.

“I dunno, I think that's your area of expertise, isn't it? What I do know is that my bladder isn't gonna wait for me to finish your course, so if you'll excuse me I have some business I need to attend to.”

That last comment apparently didn't sit too well with the instructor, and so it was that Ymir found herself saddled with an evening's punishment. She was tasked with spending an hour peeling potatoes for that night's supper, not too bad a punishment on it's own, but the instructor had insisted that she refrain from relieving herself until the hour was up to “give her some incentive to get it done on the double”. This left Ymir fuming, but she knew now that talking back or arguing wouldn't get her anywhere with this woman. And so after she had completed the course (much to her annoyance and discomfort), Ymir gritted her teeth and settled down to begin her task, with her instructor seating herself behind her to make sure she stuck to it.

The first 10 minutes or so weren't too bad, as she simply shifted every once in a while to take some pressure off her aching bladder, but as the minutes dragged on she began to get more and more desperate. Around the 30 minute mark she crossed her legs, cursing silently under her breath as her bladder continued to stretch and fill. 50 minutes in and she couldn't sit still anymore, and began shifting in place trying everything to take her mind off just how badly she had to pee.

She tried fantasizing about what Christa would do if she were stuck in the same situation, and while it was entertaining all the results that line of thought brought to mind just made her more desperate for relief. She fantasized about punching the stupid instructor that put her in this situation in the face, and that made her chuckle, which in turn put more pressure on her strained bladder which by now was seriously threatening to take matters into it's own hands. She tried thinking about something, anything to distract herself, but her mind wasn't having it anymore. The only thing she could think about was peeing. Still, she kept her composure, clenched her thighs together, and calmly continued her work. Finally, the instructor spoke up again.

“Alright, finish that one and then you can go. And you better hope you don't piss me off again, or you'll be getting much worse than this, got it?” she demanded.

“Yeah, whatever.” Ymir hissed in return.

The instructor, satisfied, got up and began making her way over to the area where the officer's outhouses were located. Evidently, she'd been holding it a while herself. Ymir glared at her as she walked, cursing her under her breath.

“Here's hoping you piss yourself on the way over...” she mumbled after the steadily shrinking figure.

However, that snide comment came back to bite her as just as she finished peeling the last part of the potato she felt a spurt of urine force it's way out of her and dampen her underclothes.

“Agh, damn it!” she exclaimed, clenching her legs together and biting down on her lip.

She hastily but steadily rose to her feet, taking care not to let any more of her bladder's contents escape in the process, and began stiffly and deliberately walking towards the cadet's barracks. The communal bathrooms lay in the opposite direction, but for reasons Ymir couldn't quite fathom they had to be kept locked up when not in use, and so she first had to retrieve the key from inside the barracks. The delay was unavoidable, but it really wasn't something she needed right now. Nevertheless, she made it inside, and walked across the dining hall to collect the key from the alcove in which it was located. As she walked, one of the cadets she had been training with spoke up.

“Well, look who decided to join us! How's dinner coming along, huh?” he chuckled.

She turned and looked over the culprit. He was slouching in his chair, legs kicked up on the table. He was short, skinny, had a shaved head, and looked rather pleased with himself for his imagined witty comment. She gave him an unimpressed look, doing her best not to let any sign of just how desperate she was show.

“If that's the best you got, I'm not interested sweetie.” she retorted, quickly picking the key off it's hook and heading out once more.

However, just as she made it to the bottom of the steps leading out of the barracks she stopped dead in her tracks. Her bladder was by now full to bursting, and despite her best efforts it managed to force another jet of pee into her pants. She looked over at the bathrooms, and estimated that it'd only take about a minute to walk over there, maybe two in her condition, but she'd had enough. Maybe she could make it, maybe not, but she really didn't care anymore. She had to pee. Now.

“Screw it, I'm going...” she mumbled to herself.

And so, taking a quick glance around to make sure she wasn't being watched, she shuffled to the side of the steps and moved her hands to the buckle on her belt, slightly parting her legs in preparation. Just as she was about to undo it however she heard a voice ring out from the top of the steps. To her annoyance, it undoubtedly belonged to the same cadet who had been mocking her in the hall.

“Whoa, what'dya think you're doing there?” he questioned with a mischievous grin.

Ymir gritted her teeth. Without turning around, she addressed her unwelcome companion, pausing her undressing manoeuvre as she did so.

“I gotta piss, bad, so I'm taking care of it.” she replied matter-of-factly.

“Well, bathrooms are right over there y'know. I mean, you've got the key haven't you? Besides, peeing right outside the barracks... that's not a good look for a cadet.”

Ymir looked over her shoulder, hands still clasped firmly around her belt buckle.

“So what? Nobody has to know.”

The cadet chuckled again.

“Right, right, nobody except you, me, and whoever I decide to tell, eh?”

Ymir scoffed.

“Heh, if you wanna blackmail me you're gonna have to do a lot better than that, sweetheart. You really think I give a crap if people know I pissed on the ground?”

“No, but our instructors might care if they knew what you were getting up to. I mean, you could get kicked out for that kind of behavior. Sure would be a shame if someone caught you in the act and decided to tell, wouldn't it?” the boy retorted with a sly smirk.

Ymir removed her hands from her belt and narrowed her eyes. She felt another few drops escape from her desperately full bladder as she did so, and she knew she wouldn't be able to keep her composure much longer. She looked over her shoulder again.

“Hey, uh... your name's Connie, right? Well listen here Connie... I don't know if you lost a bet in there, or if you actually are just stupid enough to wanna pick a fight with me, but if you don't leave right now and keep that big mouth of yours shut, you are really not gonna like-”

At this point, the door to the barracks swung open to reveal yet another cadet. In contrast to the skinny, small-framed Connie, this one was built like a bull.

“The hell's going on here?” he calmly demanded.

Connie's face lit up to a sarcastic grin.

“Oh hey, Reiner! You won't believe what this girl's about to do... She says she's gonna pee on the ground! Like, right now!” he excitedly exclaimed, pointing toward the increasingly irritated Ymir.

Reiner simply sighed.

“Seriously? Why don't you just use the outhouse like a normal person? Not that I care that much mind you, but it's against camp rules for cadets to relieve themselves anywhere but the bathrooms. Surely you don't have to go that bad?”

“Yeah, surely, right?” Connie interjected, barely containing another bout of laughter.

At this point Ymir had had enough. She felt her hold on her bladder beginning to slip and so, panicked, desperate and balancing on a knife's edge above a total accident, she snapped. Completely breaking her composure, she spun around to face her tormentors, desperately shoved her hands in between her legs and pressed her thighs together as tightly as she could.

“Yes assholes, I do have to go “that bad”! I've been holding it for hours and I need to take a piss RIGHT NOW, so you clowns better back the hell off and give a girl some privacy or so help me I'll beat both of you into the ground, got it?!” she yelled, her freckled face starting to turn red from the effort of holding it in so long.

This outburst, however unsightly, very much had the desired effect. Connie looked absolutely terrified, and Reiner looked shocked. After a few seconds, he gently grabbed Connie by the shoulder.

“Uh... right. Got it. We'll just... head inside then.” he said, his gaze never leaving the enraged and persistently squirming Ymir.

Connie didn't speak at all, and merely allowed himself to be led back inside by his companion. As soon as they left, Ymir let out a desperate groan and turned back to undo her belt. This was it. Her bladder was stretched to the absolute limit. Regardless of what she did, she was about to pee. Spurt after spurt dampened her underclothes as she reached for the buckle on her belt. She pulled at it.

Stuck.

“No, no, no, don't you dare!” she hissed as she clawed at it in panic.

Desperately, she pulled her shirt up to try and find out what was the matter, and she quickly identified the problem. Her bladder was bulging out so far that it had stretched her belt to the point where the buckle was unworkable. The spurts hissing out from between her legs had now graduated to a steady trickle, and she knew she had to act fast to prevent a full-blown disaster from occurring. After only a few seconds of frantic thought, she came up with a solution. If she bent over and pushed the belt inwards, she felt certain she could loosen it enough to get it off. Only one problem: if she applied that much pressure to her abdomen she was 100% sure that she wouldn't be able to hold it in anymore.

She quickly weighed her options, and decided that it was her only choice outside of completely wetting herself. And so, mustering all her remaining strength, she spread her legs, bent, then pushed. Immediately the steady trickle burst out into a gushing (and incredibly loud) pale-yellow torrent, but to her delight Ymir finally managed to unbuckle the belt. Frantically, she tried to yank her pants down, but they got caught only halfway down her thighs.

Now completely panicking, she desperately tried to cross her legs and hold back the flood long enough to get them all the way down, but it was too late. Her bursting, exhausted bladder had finally given out and was now unleashing a veritable river of urine with absolutely no chance of stopping it. She made a few more half-hearted attempts to clench her sphincter and halt (or at least slow) the flow, and then finally gave herself over to the ecstasy of relief and relaxed, letting out a long, blissful sigh as a yellow stain quickly engulfed her pants. She had needed this. She had needed this so badly.

Man, this feels so good... why didn't I just give up and piss myself sooner? She thought in an almost trance-like state.

She kept peeing for what felt like an eternity before she was finally empty again. As the last few drops of urine escaped her though, the incredible feelings of relief slowly subsided, and gave way once more to annoyance as she remembered what the cause of this mess had been. She huffed.

“Damn those two... They better watch their asses from now on.” she muttered angrily, turning and setting off back into the barracks once more to find a fresh set of clothes and some hot water to wash herself with.

A small respite in this was that when she entered the hall she found it empty, save for a very sheepish looking Connie, sitting in the corner, unblinkingly staring at her soaked white pants with a look that could only be described as one of fear. As she met his gaze and idea formed in her head and she smirked, marching slowly and deliberately over to him, and pushing her hands down on the table in front of him.

“So, I'm thinkin' you can guess what just happened out there, right?” she half-whispered with a grin.

“I-I don't... um-” Connie managed to squeak.

“Don't bullshit me, it's clear as day that I just pissed myself, right?”

Connie hesitantly nodded.

“Good... Now, that's just fine in my mind. Y'know, thinking about it I'm not really even that mad at you. But hear this... If I hear you make even one single joke about this, it'll be the last time you ever laugh at anything, okay?” she said calmly.

Connie gulped, and then managed a very quiet “yeah, okay”.

Ymir stood back up again and smiled, satisfied.

Now then... where'd Reiner run off to?

