Ariel's Accident (The Little Mermaid)

Author: cplwet

*000*2022-12-17 09:34

Something not really considered in the little mermaid, potty training. Ariel might have learned to walk rather quickly, but some things she's just not going to have a clue about!

My first omorashi story, written with slight help from AI, and pictures to go with it. (one of them edited to imply nudity, rather than having it explicitly shown. not my best edit, but i wasn't sure about the picture in its original state.) replaced a couple of pictures to improve the overall look. ffs, it takes forever to get them properly generated.

I'd prefer it be in the post itself complete with pictures, but i dont know how to do that so file is included with the full version.

Ariel's Accident

The mermaid Ariel had a problem. And it wasn't just her lack of a voice. She had legs now, and wore clothes, but while most things she could pick up easily from context, like eating, no one had potty trained her. She didn't have any idea that was something she needed to know

She was out on a walk in the castle town in a blue dress, her hair in a pretty blue bow to match. She was exploring, and having so much fun. She didn't realize that her problem was about to present itself.

Ariel looked down as she approached an alley between two buildings. She felt a sudden urge to urinate, but had no idea what was going on with her body. She hopped from one foot to the other, unknowingly doing a potty dance. She couldn't hold it anymore.

She looked around, confused, then her time ran out. Before she knew what was happening, her bladder let loose, and something warm flowed down her leg into the dirt underfoot.

She stood there, uncertain what was happening. then noticed the puddle spreading outwards beneath her, forming a small lake.

"Do all people on the surface do this?" she wondered.

As she was accustomed to being underwater, the wet sensation didn't bother her, but she still had no idea what had happened to her.

As she stepped out of her puddle, her shoe caught on a protruding crack in the ground. She tripped and spun, her skirt billowing up and showing off her wet panties for a moment. Before she could fall, Prince Eric, who had been looking for her, caught her, helping her back to her feet.

"Are you alright? Are you hurt?" he asked worriedly.

She shook her head mutely.

"You seem rather flushed... perhaps I shouldn't have left you alone..."

She again shook her head, stepped away from him, patted down her skirt and shrugged, then looked back at her puddle. Eric followed her gaze and noticed the puddle himself, then looked back at her, to find her still looking at the puddle, a confused expression on her face.

"What is it?" he asked. She thought for a moment, looked down at her feet, then innocently lifted her dress to show him the wet streaks on her legs and her soaked panties.

Eric watched in shock as she lifted her dress without a care or embarrassment. He couldn't believe his eyes as Ariel shifted her weight to see how far her wetness went.

"Ariel...!" he gasped, "put your dress back down!"

Ariel dropped her skirts and they fell back around her legs, then she looked up at him, confused, her head cocked to the side.

Eric was baffled. First, the girl had clearly peed herself, but didn't show any sign of understanding what she'd done; and second, had just shown her panties to him in the middle of the street! In some ways she was clearly mature but in this matter she reminded him of a small child, innocent and without shame in her actions.

He looked away awkwardly, trying not to look too embarrassed.

"I think we should find somewhere private to clean you up," he suggested and held out his hand. She stayed ever silent but nodded eagerly and took his hand, allowing him to lead her away.

Once inside a nearby building, Eric led Ariel upstairs. He blushed with what he was about to do, but he knew no other way to handle it.

"Lift your dress again for me?" he asked quietly.

Ariel did so, exposing her underwear once more. this time, she gave him an encouraging smile as if it were perfectly normal, which made him feel even more embarrassed. he blushed, feeling like he was seeing something he shouldn't.

Taking a washwater basin and warming it briefly on the stove in the corner, Eric pulled out a washcloth and set about gently wiping her down. She really was very much like a child when it came to this, he realized, and considered that perhaps she didn't understand the concept of using the bathroom at all! This beautiful girl was so strange in so many ways, which was both intriguing and confusing.

He focused on her legs first, but couldn't avoid it forever.

He was going to have to touch her intimately if he was to fully clean her.

He glanced up at her and met her eyes, unsure whether or not he should say anything, but she just smiled trustingly at him, clearly too naive to understand her situation.

He blushed again and reached out, lowering her sodden panties to her ankles and motioning for her to step out of them. Ariel obliged, and then stood there, her lower body completely exposed to him.

"Ariel...?" he began.

Ariel looked over at her drenched panties, then back up at him questioningly.

"Let me know if you want me to stop at any time." he said softly.

He began to embarrassedly clean between her legs, reminding himself repeatedly that he should think of it no differently than helping a child. It didn't work at all, and he blushed harder.

Ariel as usual did not make a sound, but he felt her hands squeeze his shoulders tightly as he cleaned her. He looked up to find she had begun to blush as well, and it was clear she had some understanding of the feelings she was having being touched in that area, but even so, she didn't stop him.

When he was finished, he handed her a dry towel to wipe herself down. This seemed to satisfy her for now, and she stood there silently while Eric tried to regain his composure.

Finally he spoke up.

"Your panties and shoes will have to be dried and cleaned. We should get you back to the castle right away, and get you some fresh clothes" he said.

Ariel nodded eagerly.

After putting her wet clothing into a satchel, he took her hand and began to walk her back, trying his best not to think about what he had seen, nor the fact she was naked beneath her dress. for her part Ariel seemed perfectly content walking back barefoot, and seemed completely unbothered by her lack of panties. She danced about him with a smile as they walked.

They arrived and entered the castle, where they found a servant waiting for them who nodded politely at the sight of Ariel, then immediately turned to Eric.

"The lady has had... a bit of a mishap," Eric told the servant quietly, handing him the satchel, "See to it that these are cleaned, and have someone bring a change of clothes to her bedchamber."

"Yes sir," the man replied. Eric nodded at him, then took Ariel's hand again.

Quickly turning back and stopping the servant again, he whispered in the man's ear. "Have one of the maids attend her. And have them bring diapers." he said. The servant nodded and hurried off.

Eric took her up to her room, and soon afterward a pair of maids arrived; one carrying a freshly washed dress, the other a sachel of diapers and a soft cloth. The two girls quickly took Ariel to her room, changing her into the new dress and binding her with a diaper.

Once they finished, she came back out of the room. Eric saw that the new dress suited her nicely. She was patting the diaper through the fabric of her dress curiously, unsure what the garment was for, but seemingly glad to have it anyway.

After that, Ariel seemed quite content to settle into the daily routine of the castle. Her days became full of reading and music lessons, and she spent most evenings with Eric in his study. Several times a day the maids would quietly take her aside and check her diaper, changing it if she had used it. it swiftly became simply another of the servant's routines.

%Ariel Accident.rtf

