Callex's new fetish

Author: call3x

*000*2019-07-02 15:39

Hi everybody! long time lurker first time poster here. i am very excited and very nervous to finally write and post a story to this forum!! this will take place in the homestuck universe and all the characters are human-like aliens called trolls. i'm assuming most of you aren't familiar with homestuck so below i've made a short list of relevant info for everything i'm planning to cover in this story. i promise it's not too convoluted! i'll post the first chapter right after this!!

Trolls look like this

Troll society has a caste system based on blood color: the lowest class is burgundy red blood, and classes get higher in rainbow order. The highest class is fuchsia blood Fuchsia and violet blooded trolls are “seadwellers” ; they primarily live underwater and are considered royalty All of a troll’s bodily fluids are tinted the same color as their blood (ex: Callex is a bronzeblood so his urine, tears, and genetic material look orange or light brown) Trolls are intersex (hermaphroditic). They all have tentacles (bulges) as their “male” appendage and a cavity similar to a vaginal opening (nook).

Male-assigned trolls have bigger bulges and female-assigned trolls have smaller ones. (There isn’t specific information in Homestuck about troll genitalia, this is a widely accepted headcanon with a couple adjustments from me) Trolls have a type of relationship based on mutual hatred called a kismessitude An auspictice is a troll that mediates a kismessitude to insure the relationship doesn’t become too unstable i'll also be sprinkling in some other troll terminology/slang that should be easily decipherable through context. also none of these characters are canon characters, all the trolls are fantrolls made by me! without further ado please enjoy the wet shenannigans callex and his troll friends get into!

*001*2019-07-02 19:19

On most days, Callex didn’t leave his hive. Usually he feared that there wasn’t much outside for him besides higher class trolls waiting to harass him for being a bronzeblood. He knew that this fear was a little unrealistic; it’s not like they were waiting just outside the door, but he was anxious nonetheless. Also, he was just lazy. Either way, Callex preferred to settle on his couch and chat on Trollian or watch some troll rom-coms on his husktop all day. Right now he was watching a movie and absentmindedly sipping a bottle of soda.

“Oh Bezian, I love strolling on the beach with you…”

“As do I, Korria. It saddens me that this is the last time we will be taking in the Alternian shoreline together…”

“But Bezian…we must try and stay together after we are shipped off! I don’t know what I would do without you!”

Callex was getting bored with this film. He was only watching because he was about to leave Alternia too. Older trolls got transported to space to conquer planets, and Callex had just become an adult troll. Space was only a sweep or two away. He was realizing that this movie wasn’t providing a realistic perspective of this milestone, and also that his bladder was feeling extremely full. Ugh, but the load gaper was so far away…he didn’t want to leave the comfort of his couch. He put down his beverage and unbuttoned his jeans. There! That reduced a bit of the pressure and gave Callex more precious time to be lazy and continue watching.

“How can we? We could end up on opposite ends of the universe.”

Or maybe he would have to get up soon. Despite Callex’s effort to create more space in this bladder, it was quickly filling with more soda. “That’s what I get for drinking two and a half bottles of this garbage,” he muttered to himself. He crossed his legs tight and tried to ignore it.

“Our matespritship can withstand anything! Even though we’ll be busy conquering planets for the glory of Alternia, I will always make time for my one and only.”

Callex felt the tip of his bulge peeking out of its sheath, signaling that he didn’t have too much more time to waste. Reaching a hand down his pants he pressed hard against the tip and pushed it back into himself. He wasn’t about to let stupid biological needs ruin his movie watching experience.

“Korria…you would really do that?”

“Yes, Bezian. For you are a distinguished and intelligent blueblood! And I am just a lowly rustblood. I am so grateful that you have not beaten me to death even though I clearly deserve it. I will be yours forever!”

Alright, this movie was officially terrible. He wasn’t sure why he pretended the first two hours were even remotely interesting. Callex paused it and begrudgingly decided to get up and deal with his bladder. As he let go of himself, his control slipped and he leaked a sizable amount into his underwear.

“Shit-!”

He yelped and clenched his muscles, managing to cut off the flow. But he knew he didn’t have long before he totally wet himself. He kept an iron grip on his crotch and carefully inched towards the ablution block.

“Nnnn, how long was I sitting there drinking soda?” he said through gritted teeth. “Am I really so lethargic that I can’t even get up to pee until the last second?” Upon seeing the load gaper another spurt escaped into his hand, and another, and another.

“Shitshitshitshitshit!” He yanked his pants down and stumbled onto the toilet. His bulge fully unsheathed and urine hissed out of it with impressive force.

“Haah…fuck…”

Wow, he had never had to go that bad in his life. All he could do was sit exhausted and listen to the sound of his piss spilling out and mixing with the liquid in the bowl. He was amazed that a troll as small as him could hold so much soda inside him. He did a few experimental presses on his still-emptying bladder, quietly groaning with each push. After a full minute that felt like a full hour, his stream finally started to subside. He shuddered as the last few drops left his body.

Callex examined the damage done by his slight accident. There were only a few spots of dark gray on the crotch of his jeans, but his underwear was pretty much ruined. Not to mention the tiny orange puddle on the floor. He rubbed his abdomen, relishing in the feeling of true emptiness. Then he felt something lightly brush against his right thigh, looked down and saw his bulge still unsheathed and twitching slightly. Confused, Callex reached down with his finger and his tentacle instantly wrapped around it.

“Eep!” He quickly retracted his hand. Callex snapped out of his trance and started to clean up. A few minutes later he returned to the couch in a fresh pair of underwear and navigated to Trollian to see if anyone was online. He desperately needed to distract himself from the fact that he almost wet himself and then got slightly horny from it. He was glad he didn’t share a hive with any other troll so at least his embarrassment was contained.

“Ugh, I’m such a mess…”

*002*2019-07-03 02:21

((( and that was the first part! the next part is almost done and will be up soon but in the meantime please let me know what you think so far! constructive criticism is very appreciated, i haven't done much creative writing outside of school and i wanna improve. thanks!! )))

*005*2019-07-11 02:28

{{On 7/9/2019 at 12:04 AM, Drip said:

I enjoyed the story, you're writing is fairly descriptive and the premise of your story is rather interesting, I'm excited to see how it progresses. Especially how he handles the responsibility of conquering planets and/or how he learns to engage his new sexual interest

I do have 2 questions though:

1) If trolls have 2 genitals, which do they pee from? Do male assigned trolls pee from the tentacle and females from the hole? Do they all pee from the hole, since he sat down?

2) Are you going to write about female assigned trolls as well?

I quite enjoy your writing and your unique story and I look forward to reading more of it. I can't wait for the next one. For a first attempts you made an amazing effort and produced a wonderful result.

}}

{{20 hours ago, omolover97 said:

As OP said, the original content doesn't go into detail about troll genitals like. At all. The only reason we have names for them at all, along with the idea that trolls have both were alluded to in the comic mostly through colourful profanity riddled dialogue.

I never put much thought into where exactly they would pee from, though I have read a couple other omo shorts based around trolls. I'd like to hear OP's headcanon on this!

}}

Thanks both of you for commenting!! i'm so glad you enjoyed :^) as for the questions,

1) in this story they all pee from their bulges. i read a few different fics from other people on ao3 and such as research and there didn't seem to be a consensus on where a troll would pee from; i decided on the tentacle because they usually ejaculate from there so it made the most sense to me

2) callex is actually female to male transgender (or the troll equivalent anyway), all that really means for this story is that he has a smaller bulge than other guys. other than that he appears and sounds like the typical male troll. i had him sit down because i figured that a smaller bulge isn't well suited to "aiming." i will be writing about female trolls as well! callex will make friends with a diverse assortment of trolls in this story, there will probably be something for everybody :^)

