Attack on Titan (Hange): I do my best work with a full bladder!

Author: CatchersEye

*000*2021-12-05 23:39

Warning: This story contains spoilers for Attack on Titan season 1. If you haven't watched it I highly recommend you do so before reading this! The story is set at the very start of the Female Titan arc, and as such follows the events of the Trost arc. It is also a non-profit transformative work, and as such falls under fair use. I hope you enjoy!

The candlelight flickered, casting intermittent shadows across the small study, which had begun to grow dark as the sun hung ever lower in the sky. Rays of dim crimson light still hung across the fields outside the barracks which had recently become the base of operations for a small branch of the Scouts. Hange was however far too focused on her work to notice the sunset. Page by page, she was sorting through and meticulously studying a towering pile of documents she had collected on the titans and what little was known about their origin, hoping to find something, even just one tiny detail that’d give humanity an edge in the battles to come.

Heaven knows we need it. She thought.

The titan incursions over the past few years had demoralized the remnants of humanity almost to the point of giving up, and though the recent recapture of Trost had given some hope, many remained disgruntled. For the Scouts however, this was a time of change. Commander Erwin had begun discussing plans for an expedition into the long lost territory of Wall Maria, and this had instilled a mix of dread, apprehension and cautious optimism into almost all those who were privy to it. For Hange however, the only thing she truly felt was excitement. Regardless of how the mission went, it was all but guaranteed that there would be plenty to study from the outcome. Couple that with the recent discovery that it was in fact possible for humans to transform into titans, and the possibilities for what might be found out there were staggering. She took another gulp from the large pot of black tea she had brewed for herself in preparation for the evening’s study session.

These next few months should be very interesting indeed.

Suddenly, her musing was interrupted by the sound of the study door opening. It was Moblit, Hange’s trusted aide. The best word she could think of to describe his appearance was “drained”. His eyes hung low, his hair was a mess and he had dark circles under his eyes.

“Section Commander, your presence was expected at the on-site briefing over an hour ago…” he said in a tone that was equally apathetic and frustrated.

“Ah, my bad! Then again, you look like you managed it just fine on my behalf, eh?”

Moblit did not look impressed.

“So fill me in, what’re the bigwigs throwing at us this time?”

“Well, the main subject of discussion was that there’s a group of new recruits from the 104th cadet corps that are set to arrive this evening, I believe the Commander wants us to prepare them as best we can for a possible mission outside Wall Rose, as well as talking to them about our advanced formations and titan behavior.”

Hange’s eyes lit up.

“New recruits… 104th… Tell me, Eren Yeager wouldn’t happen to be one of those recruits, would he?”

Moblit shook his head.

“I’m sorry Section Commander, but he’s been sent to train with Levi Squad for the time being. He’s being prepared for departure as we speak.”

Hange leaned back and groaned loudly.

“Aw, come on… How come shorty gets to have all the fun? I mean yeah, he’s good at dissecting titans but he doesn’t seem interested in understanding them at all! Kind of a waste, if you ask me.”

“I’m sure Commander Erwin will want you down there too soon enough.” Stated Moblit.

“Well whatever happens, I’m not letting Levi cut my most prized new specimen to pieces. At least, not without me watching…” Hange mumbled as she let a feverish grin creep across her face.

Moblit simply sighed.

“I’m sure you’ll get your chance. I’ve got a written transcript of the briefing for you here. Also, they’re expecting you to meet with the new recruits tomorrow so please make sure you get enough rest. And…” he paused “Try to take care of your… other needs as well, Section Commander.”

Hange scoffed.

“Oh, don’t worry about me. I always do my best work with an empty stomach and a full bladder!” she proudly declared.

When Moblit still appeared unconvinced she switched her approach.

“Look, I’ll be fine. I’ll make sure to take care of myself… within reason, of course. You should go get some rest now, Moblit.”

Moblit gave her one last concerned look, and then turned to leave.

“I suppose that’s the best I’ll get… Goodnight, Section Commander.”

With that, he closed the door to the study, and Hange resumed her work. Minutes turned to hours as she continued working her way through the papers, completely neglecting the transcript Moblit had brought her with a half-hearted mindset of “I’ll deal with it later”. As time passed, she kept absent mindedly gulping down her tea, and it wasn’t long before her body began to react. It started as a dull pressure in her abdomen, far too weak to draw her attention away from her reading, but it soon graduated to a steady, pulsing pain stretching across the length of her bladder. Still she paid it no mind, although her foot had already begun to tap rhythmically on the floor as she shifted her weight in her seat. Finally, as she reached the end of a particularly boring and (to her mind) pointless paper on titan physiology, she became aware of her body’s increasingly pressing need.

“Right, bathroom breaks.” She muttered, remembering what she’d told Moblit. As she stood up however, the change in position sent a sharp jolt through her bladder, causing her to double over and jerk her arms down toward her crotch instinctively. In her haste, she knocked the giant teapot over, spilling it’s contents over a stack of documents she had yet to read.

“No, dammit, no!” she shouted as she began scrambling to recover the papers, frantically shaking the liquid off them and drying them off with the sleeves of her shirt. Finally, she had them all back in order but just as she was almost done assessing the damage and was about to turn away and hurry to the bathroom, her eyes were drawn to a particular point on one of the documents that had now been quite badly stained. It was an old investigation by an unnamed individual into the inner workings of the Order of the Walls. Hange leaned closer, bringing a candle in to discern the smudged letters.

She had always dismissed the Order as just crazy, delusional fanatics, and had attributed their prominence within the walls to the fear inspired by the titan attacks. But what if there was more to it than that? What if those obsessive preachers actually knew something? Something they hadn’t shared with the rest of humanity… She had to know. She looked down at her abdomen where a small bulge was starting to jut out as her bladder began to stretch, pulsing in protest to being denied it’s plea for release.

“Sorry pal, but it looks like we’re going to have to hold on just a little longer.” She grinned.

With that, she sat herself down and began scouring her papers for anything and everything on the Order of the Walls.

When she sat down, she had crossed her legs tightly in order to stave off her growing desperation. This had worked alright at first, but her body was growing closer and closer to demanding relief. Within the first 20 minutes, she was shifting around uncomfortably, occasionally bending forward in a subconscious attempt to relieve some of the pressure on her already strained bladder. 30 minutes and she had both her hands firmly planted in her crotch and as the hour drew to a close she could barely sit still, intensely fidgeting, tapping her feet and constantly recrossing her legs.

Eventually, as the hour passed, she finally realized she was about to hit her breaking point. She had made the mistake of trying to stretch her back, briefly removing her arms from their position applying pressure between her legs to extend them far above her head. The moment she straightened her back though, a spurt forced it’s way out, spreading along the inside of her underclothes. It only lasted for a second or so, but it was more than enough to snap her attention from her work back to her now bursting bladder.

“Ah, damn… okay… this is bad…” She mumbled, feeling herself turn red.

As much as she was happy to push her body’s needs to the side in the name of research she had no desire to wet herself. None at all. Using one hand to push herself up (with the other now firmly pushing down into her crotch) she staggered to her feet and felt the liquids being held within her rush against the wall of her urethra. She bit her lip and held it in as hard as she could. This really was getting dire… The study bathroom was just down the hall, but to Hange in her desperate state that journey felt like it’d take an eternity. She hobbled out of the study, feeling a few more drops escape as she did so.

“Shit… come on… just a little further now… you can make it…” she began rambling to herself as she held herself with all the force she could muster.

Every step now was agony, so much so that she couldn’t help from letting little spurts and drops out with each one. Finally, she reached the bathroom door. She shakily moved her hand toward the handle, grasped hold of it, and pulled.

Locked.

“No… no, no, no, no don’t you dare- ah!”

Another huge spurt violently forced it’s way out of her heavily protesting, overstretched bladder. She started dancing from foot to foot, desperately clenching her urethra to hold back the flood that now felt like it was mere moments from bursting free and soaking her. She loudly banged on the door.

“Come ON, whoever’s in there! Not to rush you but this is kind of an emergency here, so unless you wanna help clean up the floor I suggest you get out quick- ah, damn it!” she cried as yet another spurt forced it’s way out.

“Ah-um… s-sorry, I’ll be right out! J-Just one more minute, please…” came a very nervous sounding voice from the other side of the door.

But Hange didn’t have one more minute. Hange didn’t have one more second. She was in agony, her bursting, leaking bladder stretched well past it’s limits.

“No-! You have to… right now… please- ah, no damn it, no!”

She was so close. So close to getting the relief she so desperately needed, but she just couldn’t wait anymore. She’d overestimated herself. She made one final attempt to hold it all in, crossing her legs as tight as she could, pushing down on her crotch and clenching herself with every ounce of might left in her body, but it wasn’t enough. She spurted for a few seconds, then again, and then her bladder finally gave out. Knowing what was about to happen (and realizing that she was powerless to stop it) she uncrossed her legs, spread them wide, and cocked her head back as her body took over. There wasn’t any buildup, just a long, powerful stream shooting out from between her legs as all her pent-up urine burst free, flooding her pants within seconds and hissing down into a rapidly growing pale yellow puddle beneath her feet.

Though she knew she should feel embarrassed, she had held it for so long that the relief of finally letting go overwhelmed all other feelings and sensations. She sank to her knees and moaned, still peeing full-force. However, as she began to feel her bladder emptying and as her pee started to taper off from an intense hissing stream to a steady flow, she heard the sound of the bathroom door unlocking and swinging open. A blushing young girl stepped out, no older than 15 by the look of her. She had blonde hair, and stunning blue eyes, and was dressed in the typical scout’s uniform. She looked down at the still peeing Hange and gasped, covering her mouth.

“Wh- a-are you… O-Oh no, I-I’m so sorry! I didn’t mean to… I just- I mean, I know this is the study bathroom and it’s reserved but I- we just arrived and everyone else got there first- I mean, all the other bathrooms were full and I just had to- I- well I really had to go and stumbled in here, and well I just- I know you were waiting but I didn’t think you’d- you know, oh my gosh, I’m so sorry!” the girl rambled, almost tearing up in the process.

Hange was gently panting in an attempt to regain her breath and calm herself down.

“Hey uh… don’t worry about it…” she muttered.

“No, I shouldn’t have- I mean I know I could’ve waited if I tried! I could’ve… oh, I really didn’t mean to make you…” the girl cried.

Looking over her more thoroughly now, Hange realized that this must be one of the new recruits who were scheduled to arrive this evening. Beginning to regain her composure, she decided that the best course of action would be to try and calm the poor girl down, despite the situation she had accidentally caused. She felt the last few trickles leave her exhausted bladder, and staggered to her feet, meeting the girl’s eyes.

“Hey, don’t sweat it. You’re… one of the recruits form the 104th, right?”

The girl nodded, and Hange smiled.

“Ah, well then it’s a pleasure to meet you! I’m Section Commander Hange Zoe, but you can just call me Hange, if you like. Normally I’d offer a handshake but I’m… pretty sure you don’t want my pee on your hands.” She laughed, trying to put on a good natured smile.

The girl went even more red, but she did allow herself a small, nervous smile. It was at this point however that Hange noticed something else. The girl was subtly stepping from foot to foot, occasionally crossing her legs.

“I’m uh… guessing I interrupted you before you had the chance to finish there then, didn’t I?”

Once again, the girl gave a very short, embarrassed nod, softly pushing one of her hands in between her legs.

“Tell you what then, I don’t want you worrying about this going forward. I mean, it’s pretty much my fault for waiting as long as I did rather than just going, so let’s just forget it, alright? That said, I’d hate for you to have to struggle with it too, so you head back in there and finish up. Now you’re right that this particular bathroom is technically off-limits to recruits and anyone who isn’t using the study, but I’ll give you a pass on one condition… I want you to tell me your name.”

The girl looked up as the apprehension in her gaze began to fade.

“Oh, um… It’s Christa. Christa Lenz.” She said quietly.

“Christa Lenz, it’s a pleasure to make your acquaintance! I look forward to sharing everything I’ve learned about titans with you and your comrades in the days to come. Now, go take care of that predicament of yours, would you?”

The girl smiled sheepishly, muttered a quiet “thank you”, then hurried back inside the bathroom. As Hange turned and began walking away, she heard a quick, even slightly frantic rustling of fabric, followed by a muffled hissing sound and a gentle sigh of relief. She grinned.

“Now then, I believe a change of clothes is in order…”

