A silly break-in

Author: Calb

*000*2018-10-21 07:52

Hi guys! Hope you have good time reading my new story. Took me a while to translate the original from Russian, I guess now it sounds more or less English - let me know if there was some weird phraseology. Enjoy!

_____

Being in a bit of a rush, Dana entered the elevator and pushed the button of her 20th floor. “Those damned traffic jams all the way, you gotta be kidding me”, - she thought, feeling her bladder starting to ache.

Trying to calm down, she glanced in a mirror behind her back and saw a gorgeous young woman in her mid-twenties, with long raven hair, wearing black slacks and a top of the same color. Her red lips – taut and uneasily stretched out, complementing her grimace of distress – winced, as Dana has bitten her lower lip and felt another surge in her poor over-filled bladder. She stared at herself in the mirror – standing there in a comical pose, which reminded her of old-school cartoon-characters who needed to use the bathroom and were laughably expressive about it. Her knees were forcibly put together while feet were ways apart; her right hand was grabbing her crotch. She was bending forward, hopping up and down.

The absurdity of her posture made the young woman chuckle and stand up straight again. Although she was pretty sure that she could sustain the pressure, her hand remained wedged between her athletic legs as a guarantee that her body would endure. It didn’t ease the distress signals from her bladder, but her being able to have a physical grip on her body made her feel less paranoid.

“You’re kinda hot”, – Dana thought, looking at her toned legs and her shapely butt in the mirror. Her decent breast were definitely hard to ignore, too; as were her big beautiful brown eyes, now playfully looking at their own reflection. She smiled at herself and laughed for a couple of seconds nervously, still feeling her organism’s desire to get rid of this terrible amount of liquid trapped in her lower abdomen. She felt a trickle of sweat running from under her armpit – this was a hot summer day, and she has already wasted two hours of it, worrying about finding a toilet.

Concerned with how slowly the elevator was moving and how the nature’s urge was making her stomach swell, Dana noticed that she almost arrived at her floor and sighed in relief.

Finally, the elevator opened up and let her out. Dana, trying to mock her impatient bladder, started slowly walking through the corridor, gracefully, as if she wasn’t even in a hurry. “The only thing is – I have to get home, then I can wet myself”, - she thought, imagining that she was addressing her sore bladder, which obviously didn’t understand the joke and made Dana twitch with another wave of pressure, even more sharp and decisive than the previous one.

The long corridor ended and she turned left and saw her apartment door in the end of a much shorter entryway. Coming closer to her destination, she opened her purse and started looking for the keys, frantically – her organism sensed the proximity of long-desired relief and made Dana feel the overstretched roundness of her bladder once again, this time much more pointedly.

Approaching her door, the young woman suddenly stopped and froze for a moment. “The door isn’t meant to be open”, - she thought, cautiously backing away. Dana gasped and made another step back, having heard an unfamiliar voice coming from behind the door.

There was something wrong, undoubtedly. Her heart was almost beating out of her chest, as she asked herself who would be there and what they could be doing. She lived with her friend, and the day before she left on vacation and even posted a couple of photos in Facebook. Nobody had the keys except her and Dana, and her feet suddenly went cold.

What the hell is she supposed to do?! Call the police? Call the neighbors? No, normally they work at this time. Her thoughts were racing in her head, making her forget her toilet problem completely. In a couple of seconds her body switched to alarm mode and made the decision for her: without even noticing that consciously, Dana started to turn away from the door, as her legs were getting ready to run, but she couldn’t…

Dana’s heart sank, as she felt a cold hand grab her bare shoulder, not letting her turn.

- Stand still and don’t even think about screaming, - his voice was calm and imposing, resonating in the entryway like in a voice-chamber.

Scared out of her mind, Dana didn’t listen to him and tried to break away and almost let out a scream, but he was ready for it and covered her mouth with his right hand while his left one went around Dana’s neck like a black anaconda. His grip tightened: a little bit more of pressure - and he would be choking her.

- Calm down. Keep quiet and you will not get hurt, - his voice didn’t change, and this time it made the young woman freeze totally.

She dropped her purse and stared with an empty gaze at space that seemed so safe and familiar until now. Dana didn’t dare move; she was trembling and breathing rapidly, her legs weakened to the point where she could fall down.

- Now let’s go inside.

He turned his back towards the door, turning her as well. Dana – shocked and paralyzed with terror – managed to regain the control of her body, and her feet started stepping backwards too.

For a moment, Dana stopped and groaned as loudly as the hand on her mouth let her. Her legs jittered and all of a sudden she felt wet. “God, I’m leaking”, - she thought, drowning in panic. The perpetrator easily overpowered her and made her continue walking; he obviously didn’t notice what was happening. He didn’t have a clue that this leggy young brunette was letting out a slow hot stream of urine, staining her panties and slacks, feeling disgusting humidity all over her crotch. With dread, Dana realized that she couldn’t stop peeing… When they walked into the open door, her panties were totally soaked. Petrified, she felt the wetness starting to spread on both of her thighs and further down her legs.

Dana’s slacks were shiny with urine, as she stepped inside and heard a shuffling sound from the guest room down the corridor. She prayed that the burglars that occupied her flat, would just steal something an leave her be. Surely, she thought, dripping pee through her pants on the carpet in her own apartment wasn’t the worst that could happen, but if she wets herself completely – it would be the worst day in her life by far.

- Stop! – said the burglar, and suddenly, making her whole body tense; by some miracle, Dana stopped urinating and froze in the corridor.

The burglar’s hand was already wet from the poor girl’s tears. She was scared of standing and moving. She was scared of starting peeing again, but her underwear and slacks were already wet anyway. Thinking about that made her shiver again, feeling as if there was a countdown for her bladder to explode. To make matters worse, she felt a cool draft going between her damp legs, reminding her that she failed to make it to the bathroom in time.

She heard the perpetrator close the door behind them, and was now looking at a short stocky man in a mask, who quietly came out of the room:

- I told you to close the door, dumbass, - said the deep-voiced burglar who was still rigidly holding Dana.

- I was getting ready, - he said with a funny voice, nodding to the stuffed bag on his shoulder.

- Everything went well, - he added. - Apart from your picking the wrong floor, you idiot. Let her go, for Christ’s sake. Let’s go.

- Right.

He removed his hands from her, and Dana felt she could breathe again.

- Sorry that it happened that way, - said the brawny guy with his soft and funny voice.

If Dana wasn’t so mortified, she would definitely think that his voice came out of the same cartoon that she remembered in the elevator.

- Just give us your phone…

Still white from horror and barely hearing his voice through the shock, Dana opened her lips but couldn’t make a sound. She felt another stream of warm pee gushing through her crotch. Her face suddenly changed into a strained mask of agony as she mumbled:

- I… I… No… Please…

She wanted to answer, but her tongue refused to speak normally: her words were broken with loud sobbing and were totally unintelligible. Brusquely, she shut up, and brief silence was breached with a loud hissing noise.

In despair, she hanged her head and saw her slacks turning into a wet mess and the carpet getting flooded with urine. That wasn’t a couple of feeble streams; this was a fountain, jetting from her throbbing bladder. Dana, shaking and sniveling, lost all control over her body and let go of the hot waterfall that was rapidly drenching her clothes and the floor of her apartment.

Both burglars’ jaws dropped as they watched her perfect legs glisten with pee, which was rolling down her thighs and knees like water from a broken pipe. They were expecting anything but that. Yet there she was – a stunning young woman pissing her pants, letting out rivers and rivers of pent-up urine down her legs. A huge puddle was growing between them; her bladder was relentlessly spraying hot liquid everywhere. Dana covered her teary face in shame…

The unexpected tragic spectacle made the burglars step away and run out of the flat even faster than they planned. The last thing that Dana – now wet to the skin – heard from them was:

- We’re sorry… We didn’t mean to frighten you, - coming from the brawny short guy in a surprisingly empathetic tone.

His partner in crime swore, and their voices disappeared into depressing silence. Dana was already standing in a small lake of pee, violently crying and shaking. It was more than horrendous – having an accident like that. The torrential river became a quiet stream, as she almost ended wetting herself and was wiping away her tears. She sensed their bitter salty taste on her lips. Her palms felt ice-cold against her burning cheeks, as she noticed black traces of her make-up on her fingers.

Nauseated with the smell of the puddle on the carpet, she stepped back, hurriedly closed the door and – feeling that her black shoes are filled with warm liquid - took them off hurriedly. Without hesitation, she ran to the bathroom, wailing from the unbearable shame.

Standing on the cold tiled bathroom floor, Dana unbuttoned her drenched slacks and took them off, not without difficulties – their wet fabric was clinging to her legs and butt. She looked at herself in the mirror: a lot of her female friends would kill to have a pair of curvy legs like these, but at that moment Dana didn’t care.

If it wasn’t enough for her, all of a sudden she let out the last bright-yellow spurt into her beige panties (not the cheapest from her collection), which were already saturated with piss beyond measure. Her exhausted pee-hole just couldn’t contain it.

Automatically, Dana buried her hand into her womanhood, through the wet cotton fabric - only to find out that it was finally the last of it. She sighed with relief and in a second exploded into tears. Poor girl was shuddering, standing in her panties and her black top in a chilly room, holding herself by the elbows, feeling the humid warmth of her soaked underwear becoming an abhorrent cold dampness. The usual soapy smell of her bathroom changed – the smell of her wet clothes was too strong for her nose to ignore.

Dana was crying.., but she was happy. Despite all of the embarrassment and having her flat robbed, she was so satisfied that she finally went, and her bladder felt pleasantly empty. Yes, being one of the most popular girls at the uni, who often dazzled male students with her cute face and hot body, she managed to have a toilet accident, but thank god – she finally relieved herself! Thank god, her suffering was finally over!

