Riverdale

Author: cleverpun

*000*2019-09-20 06:04

Hi all, I've been kicking around a few ideas centered on the TV show Riverdale. If you haven't seen it, it's basically Archie Comics meets Twin Peaks -- a complete mess of a product, but entertaining nonetheless. All the actors are well over 18, and my descriptions hopefully indicate that, so pretend as though this world is staffed entirely of 18+ high schoolers. By the standards of the original Riverdale, that's actually pretty normal.

This first chapter is based on the pilot episode. I stripped out a lot of the original plot elements (Jason Blossom's death, etc) but may bring them back in later installments. This chapter has a lot of background in it and it somewhat light on the wetting description, so I apologize -- going forward, should be a lot more efficient.

Chapter I: The Riverdale Mermaids

“Oh my God, Archie Andrews got hot!”

Since they first became friends in the second grade, Betty Cooper and Kevin Keller had spent countless hours in the Coopers’ idyllic suburban house. Cross-legged on the bed in Betty’s 2nd floor room, they grew up eating snacks, swapping gossip, and fretting about classes. However, the night before their sophomore year, they had abandoned their normal post to press up eagerly against Betty’s window – which looked directly into the Andrews’ house next door. Kevin insisted they augment their routine gossip session by peering into Archie’s room, and despite Betty’s protests, their spying seemed to have paid off.

“Kevin!” Betty exclaimed, admonishing him for his tactless comment, but not taking her eyes away from the scene before her. Archie, her best friend and next-door neighbor, was strutting shirtless around his room. Betty had long harbored a crush on Archie, and she felt her face grow warm as she gazed at his abs and torso. A summer of construction at his father’s firm had added muscle to his skinny frame, complementing his strong jaw and shock of bright red hair. Betty was suddenly glad that Kevin was too busy ogling Archie to see her own reaction.

“What! It’s true!” exclaimed Kevin. “I bet you can’t wait to get back to school and show off your goods. You’ll have that ginger Adonis eating out of the palm of your hand in no time.”

Kevin had faithfully served the role of gay best friend since 13, when he first came out to Betty. Of the two, he was far more brazen in commenting on all the cute guys in their class. But Betty had eyes for only Archie, and Kevin had long known about this crush.

“Kevin, I don’t think Archie will ever pay attention to me. Especially not now that he looks like that,” Betty replied dejectedly.

Kevin turned to look at his friend. While Archie may have put on muscle over the summer, Betty had undergone her own transformation. He remembered the stick-thin girl who sported braces all throughout middle school. Now, Betty sported a blonde ponytail pulled over a pink sweater, her alabaster skin and aquamarine eyes creating a wholesome, pretty girl-next-door image.

“Betty, don’t be ridiculous. You’re gorgeous, and your goods are gorgeous, and you just have to flaunt them!” Betty blushed, as she did every time Kevin mentioned her body. Determined, Kevin pushed on. “You know what you should do if you’re so worried about getting him to notice you? Try out for the Riverdale Vixens!”

“I don’t know Kevin, you remember what happened last year -- it didn't exactly go very well.” Not well was quite the understatement – Betty had been told directly by Cheryl, the fiery redhead in charge of the cheerleading squad, that she was too fat to join the team. Objectively, the comment was ridiculous – Betty’s slim figure fit nicely into the rotating wardrobe of tight sweaters she wore for Archie’s benefit – but the memory of humiliation still lingered.

“Yeah, but Cheryl was just being a jerk! You need to stick up for yourself Betty – you’d be a positively fantastic Vixen, and you shouldn’t let her stand in your way.”

Before Betty could respond, her mom walked through the door. Though well into middle-age, Alice Cooper cut a striking figure, and her domineering personality sucked the air out of any room she entered. As far as Betty could remember, her mother had been a strict disciplinarian. Now that Betty’s sister, Polly, had been mysteriously sent away, her helicopter parenting had reached critical levels.

“Hello Mrs. Cooper!” Kevin cheerfully addressed Betty’s mom.

“Hello Kevin. Betty, it’s a school night – I need you in bed pronto. Say goodbye to your friend.”

Betty walked Kevin to the front door, chattering all the while about how excited they were to come back to school the following day. Promising to talk to him soon, she closed the door and came back inside. She was greeted by Alice, who was standing at the foot of the staircase leading to Betty’s room with her arms crossed.

“Betty, dear, remember to use the toilet before bed. We don’t want any mishaps before your first day.”

“Mom!” Betty meekly protested. For the past few years, Betty had been struggling with anxiety. Whenever she was pressured, Betty would dig her fingernails into her hands hard enough to draw blood. Kevin, Archie, and the rest of her friends could see it but were kind enough not to say anything. A far more embarrassing and thankfully discreet symptom was her bedwetting. While this had been a nightly occurrence for some time, it had mostly stopped by middle school.

Still, there were isolated incidents, particularly under stress. The night her sister Polly had been sent to a long stay at the hospital, Betty dreamed that she was floating underwater. Beside her, Polly and Polly’s ex-boyfriend Jason Blossom drifted lifelessly with their faces in the water. In her dream, she tried to call out to Polly, but the limp corpse didn’t respond. Instead, Jason’s body opened its eyes and lunged at her, causing her to wake up with a scream. Alice, startled by the noise, came up the stairs to find her teenage daughter sitting in a puddle radiating out from between her legs. Since then, Alice insisted that Betty use the toilet promptly before going to bed, saying she was tired of scrubbing yellow stains out of Betty’s pretty pink blankets. While Betty was embarrassed by her mom reminding her, she knew she was right – she was pretty nervous for her first day back.

After taking care of her bathroom needs, brushing her teeth, and changing in to her light pink nightgown, Betty crawled underneath her covers. As she closed her eyes, she thought wistfully of what it would be like to be a Vixen.

###

Betty heard the clamor of her classmates as she walked down Riverdale’s main hall for her first day of sophomore year. In keeping with her mother’s strict insistence on conservative garb, Betty had donned a tight argyle sweater and a knee-length red skirt that morning. Complete with a pink bow fixed in her hair, Betty felt eerily like a Norman Rockwell painting come to life. Looking around her school corroborated that picture – she saw Reggie and the football team harassing Dillon Doyle about which classes he could do their homework for, and passed by cheerleaders gossiping about their summer flings.

“Are you Betty Cooper?”

Betty turned to look for the source of the voice, and saw a beautiful Latina girl. Silky, jet-black hair fell straight down onto her smooth caramel skin. While this girl had a short and lithe frame, her femininity was accentuated by a very short black skirt and a top showing a generous amount of cleavage. In the presence of this gorgeous, provocatively dressed newcomer, Betty felt acutely aware of her chaste outfit. It took her a moment before she was able to find her words.

“Yes, I’m Betty. Are you Veronica Lodge?”

As Betty spoke, she remembered that she had promised Principal Weatherbee to chaperone a last-minute new student for the day. She hadn’t expected anything like this girl though, with her ostentatious outfit adorned by a pearl necklace and expensive looking jewelry.

“The one and only. I believe you’ve been saddled with introducing me to the various players of Fast Times at Riverdale High, yes?”

Betty struggled again to find her words as she tried to remember what she had heard about Veronica through the Riverdale rumor mill. Allegedly, Veronica was a bit of spoiled brat who had lived in NYC before coming to Riverdale. Her expensive outfit and haughty look of disdain as she surveyed the lockers definitely confirmed that. According to Kevin, Veronica had been living the high-life at her expensive prep school before her father was arrested for white collar crime. To keep expenses down, the family was forced to move to Riverdale, where Veronica’s mother and father had grown up. This was not a girl to cross, Betty thought, as she finally spoke.

“I’m more than happy to give you the tour of campus. Ready to get started?”

###

As they walked, Betty found herself warming up to Veronica. Her initial impression had been melted away as Veronica asked about her life at Riverdale, what her friends were like, and complimented Betty’s outfit. With Kevin following in tow, Veronica and Betty chatted away, with the latter pointing out all the important landmarks.

“These are the school bathrooms. They’re usually pretty gross though”

Betty gestured to a door labeled “Ladies” with peeling white paint, sandwiched between two lockers. Veronica turned and looked where Betty was pointing with disgust.

“Oh God. I don’t plan on letting my precious derrière touch that diseased porcelain while I’m here. Do you even have bidets in that abomination?”

Betty laughed. “Oh, there are certainly no bidets. In fact, I’d say that there’s about a 50% chance of any given stall even having toilet paper.” Betty was normally far too timid to talk about bathroom matters, but found that Veronica’s brazen attitude was starting to rub off on her.

“Gross!” Veronica shrieked. “I imagine that’s why it looks like Pippi Longstocking over there has such a tight ass, her cheeks must be stuck together.”

Betty turned to look where Veronica’s gaze was fixed, and saw Cheryl communing with a few of her underlings on the cheerleading team. Betty laughed again at Veronica’s crass joke, but felt her heart fall ash she looked at her tormentor from last year. “I can’t let her get to me,” Betty thought, digging her fingernails into her hand. Her reaction was strong enough to draw Veronica’s notice.

“Betty, dear, are you all right? Is it that positively rank smell from the bathrooms that’s affecting you?”

“No Veronica,” Betty replied, unclenching her hands. “Let’s just keep moving.”

###

Betty invited Veronica to come eat lunch with her and her friends. Kevin, of course, tagged along, complimenting Veronica’s outfit and witty remarks the whole way. They were joined by Jughead, a skinny, sardonic individual who seemed skeptical of Veronica’s attitude, and Archie. Betty felt her heart beat a little faster has he sat down with his guitar.

Over lunch, the friends caught up. Archie filled them in on his burgeoning music career and desire to become a professional singer. Betty noticed with a small pang of jealousy the way that Veronica was eyeing Archie, but tried her best to shrug it off. Everything was progressing as normal until Cheryl haughtily approached their lunch bench.

“What have we here? Is Ugly Betty stuffing her face with her usual grace?”

Though Cheryl’s cutting remark hurt deeply, Betty couldn’t help but admire her beauty. Cheryl’s “brand” was red – her red hair, red lipstick, and red clothes framed her buxom figure. With an incredible ass and rotten heart, it was no wonder that Cheryl was the captain of the cheerleading team, Betty thought to herself.

“Why don’t you back off, Cheryl. Betty needs your negativity less than you need that horribly gaudy outfit.” Veronica sneered back.

Betty was shocked. Nobody ever spoke to Cheryl this way. She looked around for reactions. Jughead looked amused, Archie looked worried, and Cheryl’s underlings looked flabbergasted. But Cheryl herself looked more impressed than taken aback.

“You know, I kind of like your style new girl. I guess having a jailbird Daddy makes you a little tougher. I’d like you to try out for the Vixens this afternoon.”

“I’ll only go if Betty comes with me,” Veronica fired back.

Betty was now even more shocked than she was a moment ago. She didn’t expect to be dragged into this. But before she had had a chance to respond, Cheryl had burst into laughter.

“Fine! Bring that bloated cow,” Cheryl spat, “and let’s see if you both have what it takes to be elite.” With that, Cheryl stormed off, lackeys in tow.

“Veronica, I can’t do this!” Betty said, her heart racing to her throat. “Cheryl hates me, she calls me fat, she..”

“Don’t worry about it B”, Veronica said. “We’re going to make the team no matter what Cheryl thinks. That’s a Lodge guarantee.”

“I think it’s a great idea!” Kevin piped up. “I do too,” said Archie, and all of a sudden Betty felt she had no choice in the matter.

“Fine, I’ll do it,” Betty said to a beaming Veronica. Despite herself, she felt hopeful. Maybe Veronica would help even the odds a bit this time around.

###

As Betty was finishing up her lunch, she felt a customary pressure in her lower abdomen. She had long lived her life under the thumb of her authoritarian mother, adhering to strict study schedules and regimented extracurricular activities. As a result, her bathroom use followed an equally predictable pattern. After getting rid of a night’s worth of pent-up urine each morning, Betty would wait until the end of lunch period to make her next bathroom trip at roughly 12:30 each day. She would empty her bladder, wash her hands, and have time to make her 12:35 class. Her next bathroom break would take place at 3:00pm, right after the final school bell rang. This way, she would never miss any class time, and could show up to her after-school activities unfettered by her anatomical needs.

“Excuse me everyone, I’m going to go freshen up before class.” Betty delivered her customary line before standing up from the bench to go perform her daily ritual.

“Wait up, Betty, I’ll come with you too!” Veronica said, getting up hurriedly with her Louis Vutton purse draped across her shoulder.

Betty’s heart fell. Growing up, she had always been closer with guys than girls, and didn’t have much experience with bathroom buddies. What’s more, Betty had always felt awkward “going” in front of people, particularly given some of her prior experiences in the school bathrooms.

Without trying to, Betty recalled a horrifying moment toward the end of last year. Like clockwork, she had come in after lunch to use the ladies room. That day, Cheryl and her cronies had been fixing their makeup at the mirrors, paying her no mind as she went into the stall to do her business. Her pee was standard, gushing forth from between her legs in a powerful stream that hissed as it touched the front of the porcelain and dribbled down into the water. As she relaxed the muscles in her lower body, she unintentionally relaxed a bit too much. The greasy burger she had eaten at Pop’s the day before made itself known with a rumbling in her lower gut, and before she could stop it…

“BRAPPPP”

A thunderous fart echoed off the bowl, serving as a coda to the urination which had tapered down into a weak stream. Betty felt her heart pound and her face turned a deep vermillion, praying that nobody outside would react. She wasn’t that lucky – Cheryl’s cronies cackled while the Queen Bee screamed in disgust that it smelled like a squirrel had died. As the stink of overripe meat engulfed Betty’s nostrils, she heard the door slam – cronies still laughing, Cheryl still screaming about calling an exterminator. She’d been too afraid to use the school bathrooms for weeks after that, and the memory was etched into her brain. But she couldn’t think of a reason to ask Veronica to stay back without sounding crazy, so she said nothing as her new friend followed her to the toilets.

###

Betty swung open the ladies’ room door with some trepidation, Veronica in tow. As she walked toward the stall furthest away from the door, she noticed that Veronica wasn’t following her. Instead, the buxom new girl had paused at the mirrors, leaning against the sink. Betty paused for a moment.

“Oh, go ahead,” Veronica said. “I’d sooner die than eliminate waste on these Bates motel-esque toilets. I’m just here for the company.”

“So you’re not going to use the school bathrooms at all?” Betty ventured.

“No. We Lodge women have a great deal of bodily control, particularly over our more unsavory needs. Daddy made me sit through a dinner with the Ambassador to Belgium for 8 hours once without a single bathroom break and perform a dance after – I didn’t spring a single leak. I think I can wait long enough to use my private commode.”

“Okay,” Betty said uncertainly, pushing open her stall door.

Betty pulled down her red skirt and white panties. Though she would never speak to Veronica about it, Betty didn’t like sitting on the school toilets either. Instead, she hovered over the seat to avoid the urine spray from previous visitors. Nobody else was in the bathroom. Betty tried to relax.

But, despite her consistency, Betty found that she couldn’t go. She was far too self-conscious knowing that Veronica would hear every movement and sound in this bathroom. Her face burned with shame as she remembered her Cheryl encounter. Even if Veronica was nice to her now, she was still a prissy girl at heart – she would be disgusted if she heard Betty going to bathroom in front of her. As Betty strained to expel her bladder, she found that she just could not get her stream started.

After pushing on her pelvic muscles a bit more to no avail, Betty began to feel very aware of how long it was taking. As long as Veronica was there, she decided, she couldn’t relieve herself, and she was far too shy to ask Veronica to wait outside so she could pee in peace. Instead, she flushed the still clear toilet in defeat, unlocked the stall, and went out to wash her hands. Veronica was waiting at the mirror, inspecting her makeup as Betty duly applied soap and water. “I guess I’ll just have to come back later,” Betty thought.

###

By the time the bell rang at 3pm, Betty was dying for the bathroom. She didn’t want to ask to leave and miss risking any of her classes. But, she thought ruefully, it hardly made a difference. She hadn’t been able to concentrate in Biology, tapped her leg all the way through World History, and was discreetly grabbing her womanhood in Spanish. “I really underestimated the importance of routine,” Betty thought to herself. When the Spanish teacher finally said “Hasta luego”, Betty felt like kissing him. She had remained dry so far, but at this level of desperation, she knew her panties wouldn’t be pristine much longer.

As she scurried to the bathroom, pressing her legs together, she ran into Cheryl and Veronica talking in the hallway. Betty tried to sidestep the conversation, but Cheryl noticed her.

“Where are you off to Betty? Cheerleading tryouts started 10 minutes ago. You and your criminal floozy here are going to have to run to get changed.”

“What are you talking about Cheryl,” Betty replied with alarm. “Class just ended!”

“Yes, but I had penciled you in for 2:50.” Cheryl replied with glee. “Now come along, no dilly-dallying. Let’s see if you’ll make history as the first cheerleading whale today.”

“Come on B,” Veronica said, clearly annoyed with Cheryl’s antics. “Let’s just play by her rules for now. I promise we’re going to smash these tryouts, and then that hipster Prince Harry will be all over you.”

“Okay,” Betty said unsure. She was still aching to release her overfull bladder, but couldn’t admit that to Veronica, and especially not to Cheryl. Pushing her legs together a little tighter, she followed Veronica and Cheryl to the girls’ locker room.

###

“Dammit,” Veronica thought, “I could really use the little ladies’ room pronto.”

Despite her earlier bluster about her bladder capacity to Betty, Veronica was still feeling the effects of not urinating for an entire school day. At her old school, the bathrooms had been immaculate. Veronica still saved her more “serious” business for home, of course, but she never had trouble peeing freely while talking with her friends about which boys they were dating and which clubs they would go to that weekend. But she had seen the Riverdale toilets, and the staff here simply weren’t keeping the toilets clean at a satisfactory level. “No,” she thought to herself, “I can hold it. I’ve held it for longer. I’m a Lodge woman, and I won’t let my body control me.”

Veronica looked over at Betty. The girls were changing in to their loaner Vixen outfits for the tryouts, and Betty was taking quite a while. Come to think of it, Betty had been awfully fidgety since they got to the locker room, and Veronica noticed her casting longing glances over by the toilets. Veronica wondered if Betty was facing the same struggles that she was.

“Well, she went at lunchtime, so I’m sure she’s probably doing far better than I am,” Veronica thought ruefully.

Even if she wanted to, Veronica knew she couldn’t use the toilets now. Cheryl was standing in front of them, arms folded, as Veronica and Betty were changing. Thanks to Cheryl’s little stunt, Veronica and Betty were being forced to tryout well before any of the other girls.

“That ginger Mean Girls wannabe has another thing coming,” Veronica thought. “Still, since we’re going so early, we should probably be fine. I’ll just perform, shine, and then make a beeline for it!”

Just then Veronica heard a yelp. She and Cheryl turned her attention to Betty, who was doubled over and the source of the sudden sound.

“Everything okay B?”

“Yep! Just stubbed my toe. Almost ready!”

Betty had finally gotten the skimpy cheerleader outfit on. Cheryl’s influence meant that the uniforms were far skimpier than the clothes Betty was wearing before, Veronica noticed. With a skirt that ended well above the knees, Betty looked far more in the mold of the typical Riverdale Vixen. Veronica was excited to show her new friend how to stand up to girls like Cheryl. She just hoped she was okay.

###

Betty was not okay. After shuffling into the girls’ locker room like a water balloon filled to the brim, she had to change in front of Veronica and Cheryl. Worst of all, she couldn’t pop into the toilets without risking Cheryl’s wrath. She wasn’t even sure she’d want to go, she thought ruefully, as the last thing she needed was Cheryl hearing her use the toilets again.

But putting on the uniform with an overfull bladder was an arduous task. Betty felt herself sweating despite the frigid gym locker air. Worse yet, she could have sworn that the moisture between her legs was greater than the moisture on the rest of her body. “I really hope I’m not leaking,” Betty thought to herself.

As she bent over to tie her shoe, a sudden jolt stabbed in her urethra. She shrieked as she felt a spot of warm wetness trickle past her lips and land with a spot on her underwear.

“Ah!”

She told Veronica a lie about stubbing her toe when the latter asked about the noise, but Betty’s mind was elsewhere. She felt a dime-sized patch against her underwear, which were luckily hidden underneath the cheerleader skirt stopper. Yet, both her underwear and the skirt were white. “I hope it doesn’t show!” she thought nervously.

###

Betty and Veronica stood on the hardwood floor facing Cheryl. Veronica was staring daggers at the redheaded bombshell, while Betty tried her hardest to stand up straight without grabbing herself. She shifted her weight from foot to foot as Cheryl belted out instructions.

“Betty, you’re up first. Please try not to embarrass yourself like last year.”

“Gee, thanks Cheryl,” Betty thought to herself, but nodded back at the other girl. Betty limped over to where Cheryl was gesturing, willing the contents of her bladder to stay inside. She could still feel the wet spot against her genitals from the accidental emission earlier, cooling against her white panties.

“Okay, Betty, here’s the deal. You’re going to have to perform a five-minute routine to a song of my choice. Soon, the rest of the girls will be here, and you and your extra friend will have to mingle and do some group exercises. Peachy keen, but knowing how brain-dead you are, I assume you’ll flunk this in the first minute.”

Normally, Cheryl’s barbs would bother Betty more, but all she could do in response at this point was nod again. Her bladder felt as though it were on fire, and her cute white panties felt like they were sticking to her body. She had no idea how she was going to get through this exercise, but she would rather be caught dead than admit to Cheryl she needed a potty break. Cheryl would never let her live it down, and worse still, it would be embarrassing to show such weakness in front of her new friend.

“Okay, go!”

Betty tried to put all thoughts of her bladder away as the loopy electronic music came on. Just as she had practiced the year before, Betty pranced around the hardwood floor. Despite her very pressing need, she smoothly executed a series of kicks and jumps without too much trouble. “This is going pretty well!” Betty thought to herself, as she lunged into her next move. “The music is winding down, and I’ll be able to pop off to the bathroom soon.”

“Now split!” Cheryl screamed, as the music came to a halt.

Betty wasn’t expecting that; while she had practiced the standard cheerleading fare, she had only executed a split a handful of times. Even worse, she knew that the move would tax her ready to burst bladder. Still she had no choice, and grimaced as she jumped up and spread her legs.

“Ta-da!” Veronica shouted in support as Betty’s legs hit the floor.

But Betty could barely hear her. As her legs hit the floor, her bladder decided it had enough for now. With a jolt, Betty realized that the floodgates were loosened by the impact and decided to open. Her ass felt warm as a small puddle of urine flowed out of her tired urethra, pooling inside her underwear. Using all the self-control she could muster, she cut the flow off with a burning sensation lingering in her thighs.

“It’s only a little bit,” Betty thought. “Nobody will notice.”

Betty cautiously got up, and saw that she was right – there was only a tiny wet spot on the floor. At this point, though, she felt that she would definitely need to change her panties. “Luckily I can finally get in to the bathroom now!”

Her heart sank as she saw all the other girls filing in from the locker room into the gym. Cheryl grinned. “Well, it looks as though Riverdale’s resident livestock has finally learned how to shake her flat ass. Betty dearest, one final thing for your tryout. Stand on the top of a pyramid so my girls and I can practice by holding up a blimp.”

“I thought I was done Cheryl. Can I take a break?”

“Absolutely not,” Cheryl said, “unless you want to forfeit here and now. The door is over there.”

###

Veronica watched as her friend nervously eyed the girls in charge of hoisting her up – Cheryl and one of her cronies. At this point, her own desperation had started to make itself more known. She was surreptiously grabbing at her vagina cloaked beneath her Victoria’s Secret thong, and prayed that the tryouts wouldn’t take much longer. Her bladder pulsated against the front of her uniform, and she felt far more bloated than was acceptable.

“Are you ready, Betty dearest?” Cheryl intoned with mock sincerity.

Betty gritted her teeth, tears starting to well in her eyes. Her legs were shaking of their own volition, her face felt hot, and her panties felt very damp. She was sure that the wet spot from earlier had tripled in size. But, seeing no choice in front of her, Betty made a noise of assent.

“One, two, three!”

Cheryl and the other girl lifted Betty up into the air. From this vantage point, Betty could see around ten other girls looking directly at her, including a rather shifty Veronica. Before Betty could process this, though, she felt her body drop slightly and squealed in surprise.

“Oopsie!” Cheryl called out below, “you’re just so heavy, it’s hard to keep you up.”

Betty disliked being on top of the pyramid due to a minor fear of heights. Cheryl’s sudden dip worried her, but she swallowed and steeled her nerves. Clenching her sphincter as tightly as possible, Betty looked into the distance to keep balance. Cheryl, however had other plans in mind.”

“Gosh, Betty, I think there must be a weight limit for cheering,” Cheryl exclaimed, playfully dragging Betty’s leg down before hoisting it back up again. For Betty, though, this was too much.

Her overtaxed bladder, filled with eight hours of hydration, began issuing a stream from under her stained panties. It spilled forth in a clear arc, running down her leg and shooting out into space. Betty felt hot tears fall down her face as her urine ran down her leg at the top of the pyramid.

Cheryl felt warm liquid running on to her head. She looked up to see if a sprinkler had broken, only to feel hot, light-yellow urine splash on to her red hair and drip into her eyes.

“Ahhh!” she yelled, involuntarily dropping Betty out of surprise. The girl to her left, finding herself holding one leg and urinated on as well, dropped her too.

The three girls crashed on the hardwood floor. Betty’s pee hadn’t stopped, with golden jets still squirting out into a puddle. Cheryl’s pristine red hair was now flat against her head, matted with Betty’s excretion. For her part, Betty silently sobbed, wondering how she would ever live out this embarrassment. The rest of the girls looked on in shock, until a sudden noise burst through.

###

Veronica had never seen anything so funny in her life. While she felt bad for Betty, the image of her pee dropping on to an unsuspecting Cheryl sent her into fits of hysteria. While the rest of the gym stayed silent, Veronica screamed out in laughter at the precise moment that Cheryl screamed out in frustration, and found that she couldn’t stop laughing. She gasped for air as the scene replayed in her mind – the Queen Bee of Riverdale getting pissed on during tryouts.

Unfortunately, the scene was too funny. Veronica felt her knees grow week as she doubled over trying to catch her breath. Her muscles loosened involuntarily, and with sudden alarm, she realized that her own bladder was weakening. A single stream of urine ran down her leg. Unlike Betty, who had been hydrating all day, Veronica hadn’t had much to drink to avoid using the facilities. Now, bright yellow urine rained down into her white tennis shoes, staining them the color of daises, and a strong ammonia stink filled the air around her.

“Oh my God, the new bitch is pissing herself too!” one of the other girls shrieked.

It was true, Veronica’s pee had begun to puddle beneath her feet as she couldn’t stop laughing. The smelly amber liquid left an opaque puddle on the hardwood floor, and several girls stepped away from the kneeled over Veronica to avoid get their own feet wet.

As Veronica felt her bladder void, her laughter turned to sobs.

###

“So, I guess I have to transfer out of Riverdale now.”

Betty and Veronica sat on the benches in the main Riverdale hallway, still in their messy clothes. Cheryl’s wrath had been too much to risk lingering in the gym for.

“Well, I’m right there with you B. This might be the worst first possible impression a girl could make.”

“Hey, at least we made the team.” Surprisingly, after screaming at them for ten minutes in front of the other girls, Cheryl’s anger cooled slightly. In a menacing tone, she told them that both of them were now Riverdale Vixens.

“Yeah, but she said we only got on so that it would be easier to punish us.”

Veronica laughed. “I told you we could get on. A Lodge always holds up her promises.”

Despite herself, Betty began to laugh. With Veronica around and a spot on the River Vixens, this year was shaping up to be the craziest one yet.

