Elastigirl: Stretched to the Limits

Author: Caraxes

*000*2022-10-20 13:35

This story was born out of writers block. It follows the rookie Elastigirl in her first year of crime fighting and takes place around sixteen years before the bulk of the first Incredibles film, before she had ever met Mr. Incredible.

The Rookie Super

Helen Truaux knew she was in a serious pickle. The twenty-two year old brunette was pinned down behind a stack of crates under lazer fire from her armored assailants. She was unsure how this group of villains had received such powerful weaponry, but she knew that it was bad news for her getting out of the situation safely, let alone saving this innocent bystander that she had stumbled upon. Staring at her with big eyes, the blonde warehouse worker was shaking in fear as she hid next to the young Super.

Helen cursed inwardly, as she noticed a pang in her bladder. The overfilled organ was only adding to the danger of the situation, threatening to explode into the white form fitting bodysuit and thigh high red boots that she wore as her costume. She had neglected to use the bathroom before leaving on patrol and hours spent patrolling rooftops had only allowed it to fill to the extreme. One of the large perks of Helen’s stretching powers that allowed her to be the superheroine Elastigirl was the fact that she could make subtle changes to her anatomy to benefit how the world perceived her. Although she was embarrassed to admit it to anyone, she had used her powers to slightly enhance the size of her already voluptuous ass, so that it was impossible to ignore. 

Another less noticeable change she tended to make was to allow her bladder to expand to impossible sizes to put off the needs of her naturally undersized bladder. As a child, prior to her powers manifesting, Helen used to make many more bathroom trips then her friends and peers. Now, with a bit of concentration, Helen was able to put off going to the bathroom for hours beyond what her normal bladder capacity would allow. While this was great in low pressure situations that allowed her to focus on it, unfortunately high stress could cause her to lose concentration and revert to her normal anatomy. As she ducked lazers being shot from the goons of a mysterious supervillain, Helen realized that this was one of those dreaded situations.

“We're gonna die!” wailed the blonde woman, tears streaming down her freckled face. In the five minutes since the attack had started, she had sobbed incessantly, making it impossible for Helen to hide her somewhere and fight the villains.

“We’re going to be fine,” Helen reassured her. “I just need you to calm down so we can escape. What’s your name ma’am?”

“A-A-Astrid,” the hysterical woman stammered between sobs and gasps for air.

“Well Astrid, I’m going to cause a distraction, and you're going to run for that door, okay?” Helen stated, gesturing to the large warehouse entrance on her left, about fifteen feet away from their cover of boxes.

The girl shook her head violently from side to side. “I can’t,” she wailed, despairing.

“You have to,” Helen began to say, but she paused as she heard a trickling sound. Glancing down, she was surprised to see the girl's beige pants turning a darker shade of brown as she voided her bladder in abject fear. The sound of pee hitting fabric promptly reminded Helen of her own need to pee, and for a second her concentration slipped. The momentary lapse caused Helen’s control over her stretched bladder to fade for a millisecond and it contracted aggressively, doubling the urge in her urethra and nearly causing her to spurt into the white thong concealed beneath her costume. Luckily, she quickly regained control and stretched her bladder back to its previous size. She needed to handle this situation quickly so she could find a bathroom and relieve her bursting urge to pee.

“I’m going to attack them,” Helen said to Astrid, nodding over the crate towards the goons, “you need to run. Are you ready?”

The girl stared at her with wide eyes, her tan pants saturated with urine and dripping from the inner thighs. Finally, she slowly nodded an affirmative and switched from her crouched position into a ready stance, like a sprinter in the starting blocks.

Helen took a deep breath. This was her chance to finally prove herself as a Super. This was her baptism of fire and if she succeeded, all her training would have finally paid off. She braced her bladder for sudden movement and turned to her companion one last time.

“On the count of three,” she told the blonde woman, before counting “3… 2…”

On one, Helen leapt from behind the crate, her red booted legs stretching out behind her. In mere seconds, she had launched herself across the warehouse in the direction of their attackers. Her red gloved arms stretched away from her like long twisting branches and her fists slammed into the chins of two of the goons, shattering their jaws on impact. Screaming in agony, they dropped their weapons as they tumbled over backwards. Glancing to her side, Helen was relieved to see Astrid disappearing through the doorway to safety.

ZAP!

An errant lazer bolt passed an inch from her right ear, searing her hair and leaving a burning smell in the air. Helen was shocked back to attention on her attackers and felt her concentration on her stretched bladder lapse again, causing it to constrict. Yelping at the pain of the urge returning full force, Helen twisted her stretched out legs together, wrapping them around and around and around themselves in a tight spiral. She then shot up into the air like a spring and landed between two attackers, incapacitating them with two elongated punches.

There are only six goons remaining, I can handle this, she thought to herself, as lazers continued to rain down around her. Thank god these goons couldn't hit the side of a building.

Noticing two running along the catwalk on the second level of the warehouse to shoot her from above, Helen reacted quickly. Stretching her arms towards the rafters, Helen grabbed a beam and used it to slingshot herself at the goons. As she approached in midair, Helen elongated her legs and wrapped them around the assailants’ heads, knocking them together. The two men collapsed to the floor unconscious. Helen too collapsed onto the catwalk as her body contracted. 

The act of untangling her legs had caused the pressure preventing a pee accident to subside and a spurt had found its way into her thong. Helen felt her body attempting to contain more than twice its natural bladder contents and she writhed and convulsed on the floor as she fought to regain concentration and stretch out her bladder again. Gasping in relief as she succeeded, Helen glanced up to reexamine the battlefield. Unfortunately, her temporary loss of focus had allowed a goon to sneak up on her and she found herself peering into his eyes as he aimed a rifle at her torso. Pulling the trigger, a large electric net came shooting towards her, enveloping her whole body and shocking her system. The feeling of electricity surged through Helen and she collapsed to the floor. The world began to fade and then everything went black.

—--

Helen awoke in her grade 12 math classroom. Old Mrs. Klopp was solving a calculus problem on the board and droning on like she used to half a decade ago, when Helen had taken her class and hated her. Today it seemed like she was in a particularly bad mood and Helen felt a chill run down her spine at the thought of being at the mercy of her authority.

Wait, this makes no sense, Helen thought to herself, Ms Klopp retired the year I graduated. Wait! I also graduated! I shouldn't be here at all!

Pinching herself, Helen felt a pain in her arm. It must be real then, right? Then, at that moment, she also felt a pain in her bladder. Crossing her legs as she assessed the urge, Helen realized she was desperate to pee, worse than she’d ever been in her entire life. Wincing at the strength of the urge, she crossed her legs even tighter and glanced around the room to ensure none of the other students were looking before discreetly squeezing her crotch with her right hand. Once the urge had subsided slightly, she slowly raised her left hand to get Mrs. Klopp's attention.

Mrs. Klopp glared at her for a few seconds with disdain before acknowledging her raised hand. In an icy tone, she drawled, “Yes Ms. Truaux? Do you want to inform me what is more important than my lesson?”

“Um…” Helen stuttered nervously, “can I please go to the bathroom?”

Rolling her eyes, Mrs. Klopp let out an exaggerated sigh. “How many times do I have to tell you that it’s may I go to the lavatory?”

“Sorry,” squeaked Helen. “may I go to the lavatory?”

“No,’ snapped Mrs. Klopp, “you should have gone between your last class and this one.”

Helen was about to protest that she hadn’t had the chance, but she realized that she hadn't been here before the class. That was strange, where had she been? Why couldn't she remember?

Squeezing her crotch tightly with her right hand again, Helen noticed a few odd looks from her classmates. She didn't care. She was sweating profusely and she needed to do everything in her power to prevent an accident.

Wait a minute. Everything in her power? That’s right, she had powers! Helen suddenly remembered that she was a Super, an individual blessed with unbelievable abilities. She had been training for years to master them but she kept them a secret from everyone in her life. She didn't want a villain to be able to hurt someone she cared about.

Quickly, Helen tried to use her powers to stretch her bladder to accommodate the urine like she had done a million times before. Unfortunately, try as she might, Helen could not seem to stretch anything at all. Her powers were simply gone.

This isn't right, she thought desperately. I need to get out of here and figure out how to fix this.

Shooting to her feet, Helen charged down the rows of desks towards the door.

“Where are you going?” Mrs. Klopp called after her angrily.

As she reached the front of the classroom, to her horror, Helen realized the door was located at the back. Had it always been there? She could have sworn it had just been at the front.

“Are you choosing now to present to the class,” her cruel teacher inquired.

“No,” she blurted, “I’m leaving!”

“Good,” snarled Mrs. Klopp, “I was scared you had the audacity to attempt to present to the class in the nude! Even you could never be so bold!”

In the nude? Helen wondered, glancing down.To her horror, Helen found her perky tits with their large pink nipples and her unshaven crotch with its small brown bush exposed to the room at large. Her clothes had simply vanished. Desperately trying to shield herself with her arms, Helen scrambled forward down the aisle. Peals of laughter rang out from her classmates as she rushed to the door at the back of the classroom and threw it open.

As she stepped through, she found herself tumbling through thin air. She let out a scream as she groped for something, anything, to grab onto but there was nothing to be found. Then, with a splash, she landed in a large basin of water. Panicking, Helen flailed her arms and legs to propel her naked body to the surface. Breaching the surface, Helen was overwhelmed by a pulsating feeling from her lower abdomen. Ever since she had been a kid, she had struggled to hold her pee in pools. The sensation of the water all around her tended to make her bladder tempted to void itself. This moment was no different and Helen felt her body contract, spasming, and releasing a large jet of pee into the water around her.

Realizing that she was nude and in water, Helen relaxed her body to let the pee out discreetly where no one could see. Once she cleared her head from thinking about her desperation, she knew she could figure her way out of the situation.

As soon as she had relaxed and began to pee, her head began to swim. Pink swirls of colour blurred her vision. The pinks burned brightly in her mind and her head began to pound. She quickly found herself closing her eyes…

—-

Helen’s eyes shot open! They were quickly met with a bright light and she began blinking rapidly until her eyes could adjust. As her vision focused, Helen found herself in a small office, tied to a desk chair. Her arms were tied to the chair arms and her legs in their red boots were tied to the middle support.

Helen felt a tingling sensation and quickly noticed to her horror that she had begun to pee in her bodysuit. Clenching off the flow, the brunette wished that she could jam her hand into her crotch or cross her legs in desperation. The ropes made this impossible and she knew that her bladder situation was becoming dire. She had never been this desperate in her life and she knew that if she didn't get relief soon, she’d be sitting in a large puddle.

It’s already visible, thought Helen, examining the baseball sized translucent wet patch in the crotch of her white suit. My thong is kind of visible. I need to escape asap!

At that moment, the door swung open and a young woman strode in. She seems to be a similar age as Helen and she was outfitted in such garish garb that could only mean she was the villainess that was leading the gang of goons she fought earlier. The woman was a ginger with long flowing hair, dressed in a white skin tight suit that covered her entire body. On her back was a black cape with a yellow interior and her face was obscured by large white goggles with yellow lenses.

“Well, well, well,” giggled the villainess, “looks like little miss stretch marks is having an accident. Can’t hold your pee like a big girl?”

“Who are you?” inquired Helen, ignoring the taunt, “And what have you done to my powers?”

“I’m Mezmerella, of course! The master of mind control! I’ve blocked the part of your brain that controls your powers,” the ginger woman gloated. “Why do you think you were stuck on that little adventure in your head?”

“That was your doing?” asked Helen, shocked at the intimate knowledge used in the invasion of her mind. “You’re not going to get away with this!”

“That’s where you’re wrong sweetheart,” purred Mezmerella. “I’m going to leave you here while I make my escape with the advanced weapons that my henchmen and I stole from the government facility upstate! We are going to sell them on the black market and make oodles and oodles of cash. But before I do, I want to see this cute little Super wet herself.”

Helen grimaced as she wriggled in her chair. Try as she might, there seemed to be no escape for the buxom heroine. She knew the end was nigh and that her accident was nearly inevitable, as another spurt flowed into the gusset of her panties and costume. A small golden puddle was beginning to pool under her butt and the warm wet feeling was spreading as the material around her crotch continued to moisten.

“Please, don’t let me pee myself,” she began to beg, tears welling in her eyes. “The police will be here soon, and I don;t want them to find me in a puddle. Please have some mercy!”

Mezmerella let out a high pitched laugh that bordered on a cackle. “You really think that I would untie you and let you stop me after telling you my whole plan? I’d have to be the dumbest villainess ever.”

With that, she leaned in close to Helen until their noses were almost touching, staring deep into her soul. Then, she used her mental powers to play the image of waterfalls in Helen’s head. She didn't stop there though, and soon Helen was experiencing a cacophony of water sounds; a river flowing, a fire hydrant leaking, a dripping tap…

This was all too much for Helen’s overtaxed and exhausted bladder to handle. With a gasp, Helen could only watch helplessly, immobile, as the accident commenced in her supersuit. Pee rushed out of her peehole into her soaked crotch region. It joined the pool of yellow liquid on her chair until it spilled off and began splattering on the floor of the room. She tilted her head back and moaned in relief, as the pee began to run down her legs as it snaked along the chair into her thigh high red boots. Within them, she could feel her socks dampening as the pee gathered around her toes. Still the accident continued for a minute and a half until Helen simply sat there, drenched in urine, crying silently in shame at her utter defeat.

Mezmerella giggled her high pitch giggle once again and then leaned in close to Helen’s ear, her voice a quiet whisper. “You’re more fun than most Supers, Elastigirl. I hope we meet again soon.”

Then, turning with a flourish, Mezmerella threw open the door to the office and strutted through it, letting it swing closed behind her. She was off to round up her goons and sell her loot to the highest bidder, and no one could stop her.

Helen could only sit there helplessly, still bound to the chair, as approaching sirens got louder in the distance. She was not looking forward to the cops’ looks of judgment and pity when they found her. Someday, she would catch Mezmerella and give her a taste of this humiliation.

*003*2022-10-22 13:32

Thank you both for the kind words! It was a pleasure to write!

*005*2022-10-22 13:35

{{1 minute ago, BartleyZumboza said:

I've wanted Helen Parr content for ages. She's perfect for stuff involving unrealistically huge bladder bulges, of which I'm a huge fan. Keep it up!

}}

Thank you, I definitely agree!

I'm considering writing a sequel at some point taking place during the events of the first movie. Let me know if that would be something you'd all be interested in!

