Ale & Leaks (Interspecies Reviewers)

Author: Captain L

*000*2020-03-28 20:57

"Meidri, let’s get another round over here!"

"Coming!"

"Yo, Meidri! Where’s our order?"

"It’s on the way!"

"How about a plate of minotaur cuts, Meidri?"

"Yes, yes, I’ve got it!"

It was quite the busy day at Ale & Eats. Not that the pub was ever empty, as it was a frequented stop for adventurers with an active quest board. In fact, there was a small crowd gathered around the board at the moment, with a dwarf, dragon, lamia, and lobster squished together and reading one paper pinned to the board. And were they enjoying it. "Interesting. So the mammalian kobolds enjoy additional affection during intercourse," the dragon remarked as he read. "Stunk has made an interesting discovery."

"Yeah, but I’ve always preferred getting the reptilian kobolds. Don’t know why Zel gave such a low score," the lamia complained.

Watching and listening from afar, the waitress birdmaid, Meidri, could only groan in disgust. She knew exactly what had made Ale & Eats such a hotspot lately: a series of reviews written by some resident adventurers. Reviews on the quality of sex with succu-girl prostitutes of all species. The sex worker’s industry was one well-developed in this world, but being so shameless about it, Meidri found repulsive. Even if it brought in more customers, eager to read the newest write-up.

"Come on, Meidri! You’ve been holding onto our tray for minutes, get over here!" And there were the perpetrators of such perversion, two adventurers named Stunk and Zel, the founding members of the Interspecies Reviewers, sitting at a nearby table.

Regardless of the money and clients they brought in, this was more than enough reason for Meidri to be fed up with these guys. "Yeah, yeah, here it is," she grumbled, practically hurling the tray onto their table, with just enough professionalism to not ruin the food in the toss. "Do you have anything better to do than come here every day? Aren’t you adventurers? Don’t you have quests?"

"We’ve found a much better paying line of work, and one that lets us bust a nut whenever we want," Zel bragged. "It’s a lot better than working here."

"Hey, come on, guys! You’re the ones who said I should work here!" From behind Meidri flew in Crimvael, the cutesy angel boy with a broken halo and a surprise beneath his tight black shorts, an impressive set of both male and female genitals. Stunk and Zel found him in a forest, and agreed to stay with him until his halo healed and he returned to heaven...for their own perverted desires, of course. Until then, he worked at Ale & Eats to make ends meet. And partook in the reviewing as well.

"Yeah, and you keep pulling Crim away from work, just to drag him to succu-girl joints," Meidri started yelling, wrapping her arm around Crim’s neck and pulling the angel close, coincidentally pressing his cheek against her large breasts. "Before long, you’ll turn the poor boy into a degenerate freak like you!"

Despite the harsh accusation, Stunk and Zel grinned, in that real slimy way. "You’re a little late on that one, Meidri," Stunk subtly laughed. "Think he was a brother-in-schlongs to our ideals before we even met. The fact that angels are as perverted as the rest of us is proof that Heaven truly is Heaven!"

At this point, Meidri wasn’t even willing to humor them any more. "Yeah, yeah. Come on, Crim, get back to work. These freaks just can’t stop making life hard for us."

"R-right..." Regardless of the leering glances currently being given by the adventurers, Meidri and Crim returned to the bar to pick up the next orders to be delivered.

It was only when she had another tray in her hands and turned to look over the pub, seeing every chair packed, that Meidri let out an exasperated sigh. "I’m probably not getting much for breaks today."

###

"Meidri, the Dryad’s Delicacy is ready," called Ivy from the kitchen.

"Coming!" Meidri had been on her feet the entire day, her talons were sore. Making the rounds from the kitchen and bar to all of the tables, keeping track of every order, attending to every customer for hours on end while having no time to attend to herself. She knew that she’d be curled up in her nest as soon as closing time passed.

And it wasn’t just a lack of time to sit that was ailing Meidri, not just her legs that felt heavy. She was also currently bearing with a stiffness in her step, a weight in her tummy to rival three eggs ready to be laid, with something much more liquid in nature. She hadn’t even had the chance to breathe today, so you could bet she certainly hadn’t had an opportunity to use the restroom since before her shift began. And that was half a day ago.

Meidri was certainly no stranger to holding her pee, as any food service professional needed to be. When she was the only one working, it was a necessary skill to pick up, and even though having Crim around recently took some pressure off, there were still days where her bladder was tested. Today was turning out to be one of those days, where she’d be holding until last call.

She may have been used to such extreme requirement, but that certainly didn’t make it not uncomfortable and irritating. "Kkngh..." With no one looking in her direction, Meidri slid her legs together, leaving a few scratches in the wooden floor as her talons scraped across the boards, and rubbed her knees together, creating a little squeaking noise as the scales covering her shins ground together.

At the same time, she gingerly rubbed her stomach, cupping the hard bulge on her stomach with her hand. "There’s still hours to go and I’m already in such a sorry spot...today might be difficult." Of course, there had to be so many people awaiting service, it would just be improper to hold them up just to go piddle. Regardless of the types of clientele that came through, Meidri had a certain connection to Ale & Eats, and she didn’t want to give it a bad reputation by tending to herself first. Unless it really couldn’t wait, like with eggs.

However, if she had someone who could cover for her, at least for one minute, she could go to the bathroom without guilt. And, like an angel straight from heaven, Crim appeared beside her, taking the tray that she had been too distracted to take herself. "Are you okay, Meidri?"

And it took until then for her to realize that she had been spacing out. "Ah! S-sorry, Crim, I’m fine! Though, c-can I ask you for some-"

"Today would be a really bad day for you to start feeling under the weather. I’ve been here such a short time, I can hardly keep up, even with you here!" Not wasting time, Crim flew off with the food, leaving Meidri stunned.

"...you just had to say that now." Now, she’d feel really bad putting all that work on the poor angel, when it wasn’t necessarily an emergency. "Guess today’s just gonna be a really tough one," she lamented, going back to her subtle desperate dance between steps as she got back to the hectic work, feeling the contents of her bladder slosh around with every motion.

###

"Do you notice something weird about Meidri," Crim asked to Stunk and Zel, who hadn’t left in the intermediate time, since she was near their table.

"You think it’s her time of the month," Zel asked.

Stunk shook his head. "Nah, she was laying two weeks ago. Besides, she usually runs off as soon as she notices something is up when its an egg."

"So, what do you think it is bothering her," Crim followed up.

Stunk and Zel entered a ponderous posture, watching the birdmaid as she paced to and fro with plates of food, writing down orders left and right, all the while with a distressed expression of biting her bottom lip, squirming every time she needed to stand still, clicking as her talons tapped against the floor. Even the wings on her back twitched and shuddered every time she made a sudden start. It didn’t take a genius to realize that Meidri was in pain.

It took some extra time for Zel to place a theory. "She probably just needs to take a piss."

"You think so?" Now that Crim was looking at it through that lens, he had to admit, it did fit. The way Meidri was wiggling every time she stood still, the way her legs shook, the sweat beginning to form and glisten beneath the birdmaid’s bangs, it all matched a subtle desperate dance. And, considering that neither had the time to run to the toilet today, it made perfect sense.

And, now that he had that context, the angel found that he couldn’t look away from his coworker’s plight. Watching Meidri’s heavier-than-usual breathing, the slight shudder in her legs as her feet stayed planted, all those extra shivers making her boobs and other thicker body parts jiggle ever-so-slightly, Crim found it all enthralling. He could just imagine how full her bladder was, how long she had been holding that bladder, and how much longer she’d have to hold it, even if the leaks started. No matter how wet her panties became, she’d have to just bear with it to do her job, suffering in silence with a strained smile.

Okay, Crim didn’t have to try that hard to imagine what Meidri was dealing with. Angels had immunity to a lot of elements, but that meant nothing in the face of a filling bladder. He hadn’t gotten a break either, and that meant he had to pee pretty darn badly too, and the tight shorts outlining his genitals did not make it easier. Truthfully, as he preferred to fly everywhere, he had the freedom to rub his own legs together as he passed between tables, gently squeezing his penis between his thighs to prevent any escape. Not that he was in any serious danger at the moment, but he had to put some effort into it.

Thanks to the influence of the Interspecies Reviewers, Crim had recently discovered that he did indeed possess a...fire in his loins. He had found himself enjoying his time with succu-girls, shamefully so, proving that the little angel had quite the repressed libido. And it seemed a new aspect of his sexual desires came to light every day. As the pressure mounting inside his bladder mounted over the course of the day, a tightness also grew inside Crim’s chest, one of arousal.

It was a burden to stay focused on work when he just couldn’t stop thinking about it, yet there was something different from even that as he watched Meidri try to hide her own need. As the birdmaid wiggled and shook, Crim’s shorts grew even tighter as a massive erection began to rise, stretching the black material to painful limits. He had to look away and cover the rod with his hands, lest the pole become too powerful for his only bottoms to conceal without tearing. He needed to think unsexy thoughts, and fast. With Stunk and Zel there, it was an easy task.

So concerned with maintaining some shred of decency, Crim didn’t even realize that the conversation was continuing without him. "You thinking about asking a succu-girl to do something for you next time," Zel leaned over the table towards Stunk, with a teasing face.

Stunk just waved it off. "Nah, I’m not into that shit. Though, I have to admit, now I’m curious which succu-girls would go for stuff like that." Crim made a mental note to ask. "Hm. Do you think willingness to indulge a fetish should impact a score, or is that too subject-" Wherever that thought was going, it was interrupted by a metal tray coming flying in like a disc and whacking Stunk on the side of the head, shutting him up with a yelp of pain. It then ricocheted off and knocked into Zel’s noggin, earning an identical shout. And then morphed into a triple shot as it bounced off once again as it clunked against Crim’s forehead, the impact lessened by two hard skulls prior. It was still enough to leave a little lump.

Not that there was any mystery to where the attack came from, but Meidri marched over to their table and dragged Crim away. "Hey, stop distracting Crim! We’re short-handed enough as it is, I need him!" Crim secretly loved thinking about why Meidri needed his help so badly. If he had the freedom, he’d sit here all day and just watch her.

Too bad that wasn’t an option for him, he still had a job to do. And he’d do it. Though it may not have his full focus, with the ever-present distractions of his own growing need to pee, and either watching or consciously not watching Meidri in much the same predicament. "It’ll be interesting, that’s for sure," the angel whispered, with a sinister, perverse smile.

###

Meidri had never been in so much pee-related pain in her life. It was even starting to rank when it came to any pain. This was far from the first time she had worked with a full bladder, but it had never been this full before. With every step she took, the full weight of her urine hit her bladder walls with all its strength, threatening to force its way out. It was only strong willpower that had kept her dry this long.

There was only so much willpower could do for her at this juncture, unfortunately, as she needed to watch as she filled up a few mugs of ale from the keg. Seeing and listening to the thick liquid pour from the tap in a wide flow, streaming into the stein with a ringing pour and a layer of foam. The comparison Meidri was making in her mind was obvious, and very frightening.

The stimulation quickly proved to be overwhelming, as Meidri’s lower parts yearned to become a spigot all her own, starting right now. She didn’t even notice the lapse in control first, her first sign came from a sudden, startling, warm dampness in her panties, and a large one at that. Her pupils contracted hard and her lips hung open. "Chupin," she yelped in shock. Though trembling all over, she maintained her grip on the mugs. Until she noticed that her spacing-out led to them overfilling, with the liquor pouring onto her fingers, with a chilling bite.

That was the final straw. Her hands contracted and dropped the cups, spilling their frothy contents all over the floor. Everyone in the building, including all those who were eating something and were now choking on whatever was in their mouths, turned to look at the noise, and the birdmaid at the center of it. But that wouldn’t deter her now. Though her hands were drenched, she still shoved them hard into her dress and held her crotch tight, all to ensure she wouldn’t get even more soaked. Right now, it was the only barrier between her and a complete accident, and it wouldn’t hold for long. "Crim, handle things out here for a minute!" With all eyes on her, she flapped her wings and flew through the door to the women’s restroom, keeping her legs tightly crossed the entire way.

Because Ale & Eats primarily attracted a male clientele, the girl’s room was entirely empty at the moment. That was perfect, because she burst straight into the nearest stall, spinning around midair once inside to lock the door. Too bad she still had momentum from her mad flight, and she bumped her wide hips into the side wall of the tiny closet. As a direct consequence, the crash shook loose no small volume of fluids from both Meidri’s clothes and Meidri. "Oof!" In the silence that followed, she could clearly hear the sound of drops falling from approximately her crotch height onto the floor. "A-ah, I’m going to leak!"

Time was of the utmost essence here, which meant Meidri needed to rush into undressing. No matter how desperate she was, she uncrossed her legs and pulled her hands out, lifting the hem of her dress at the same time with two balled, shaking fists. As soon as she took her hands away from the task of holding, her bladder took that as a sign to start letting go, as she began sprinkling onto the floor once more. Quivering, especially down below, she then propped the dress up against her waist with her wrists, sliding her fingers beneath the band of her underwear and shoving them down. The left side got caught on the band she wore around that thigh, while the right side drooped as far down as it could, sagging from the saturation in the fabric. Her heart went out to any harpies that didn’t have fingers so dexterous. Now bottomless, she hastily dropped backwards, letting her butt squish against the toilet seat and her wings crush between her back and the tank.

She didn’t even make it all the way down before her holding ability gave out completely, upon which the restroom quickly devolved into a deafening cacophony of a crashing waterfall. Yes, many would liken a long-awaited, direly needed pee to something so extreme, but Meidri was well beyond even that. Unlike most species, female birdmaids did not have a vagina, with a urethra. They had a cloaca, one hole for everything, large enough to push out an egg. She still had the force of a roaring river jetting from her privates, but with a diameter to the gush several times larger than any other woman that used this toilet. The splashback was unreal, and the underside of her legs became coated in a thin sheen of tiny urine droplets.

Clutching her sides through her dress with both hands, Meidri leaned forward as the rapids raged beneath, and gasped through clenched teeth. "Bear it, Meidri..." No matter her anatomy, it was still extremely uncomfortable to shoot out a pee of this caliber. If anything, it made it worse. All she could do was tell herself that it would be over soon, and just lose herself in the moment. And that’s what she did, hanging her head back and letting her jaw fall as she stared blankly at the ceiling. Okay, maybe it did feel a little good, as drool began to fall from the side of her lips. "You’re going to be here for a while..."

###

"Crim, handle things out here for a minute!"

The sudden surprise of having his name called so frantically was not good for the angel’s heart. Or his shorts. This wasn’t his first leak today, making him extremely thankful he was wearing black shorts that hid the splotches, but spurts were troublesome when Crim was leaking from two holes at once. For the better part of an hour now, he had been subjected to a large, reaching dampness pressed tight against everything. If he were to have an accident now, which he very well could, it’d be huge, loud, visible, and mortifying. He wasn’t enjoying the desperation anymore, it had gotten so painful, he just wanted – nay, needed to pee.

There was only one desire stronger, and even then, only just: the thought of what Meidri would be doing behind closed doors, even as the door to the women’s room was still swinging to and fro after the forceful entry. If no one knew him, Crim could pretty easily enter the girl’s room without question, but that clearly wasn’t an option here. He’d need some other means if he wanted to satiate this burning curiosity.

"Wah! A-ah!" Or maybe now wasn’t the time to be a poon hound, when he had something far more important to attend to, as evidenced by the new wetness everywhere in his pants. Even a few dribbles of tinkle passed through his shorts and drizzled onto the floor. Crim had nothing in his hands when it started, which meant that, seconds later, his left hand was clutching his bulge and his right hand was clutching the slit a little further back. Either one could start gushing any second. "Mmphnggnh..." Meidri told him to cover for her, but it was an emergency for him too, so he dashed through the air as his coworker had done, hurrying into the men’s room, leaving a small trail of pee drops on the floor behind him.

The boy’s bathroom was empty, somewhat uncharacteristically; Crim had picked up the duty of cleaning these toilets since he started working, he knew this place was heavily used. But perhaps that was for the best, because he needed the nearest toilet, the urinal closest to the door, in a row of urinals without barriers. For this reason, Crim overwhelmingly preferred to use a stall when nature called, so he could pull his pants down without making anyone so inclined to use the restroom privy to his hermaphrodite secret. The secret practically every succu-girl knew.

But now was not the time for modesty. Positioning himself facing the urinal nearest to the door, Crim made the dangerous move of removing his hands from both genitals, earning himself another dual-pronged advance on wetness. It would have been so easy to go back to holding himself like his life depended on it, he wanted to really badly, but he instead stood firm and hooked both thumbs over the tight waistband of his shorts, and started pulling the front down, hoping he could keep the back end propped up over his rounded booty.

It didn’t quite work, as the tight waistband popped down past his butt cheeks and stayed there, meaning angel ass awaited anyone intruding in. Once the shorts were down far enough that the dim light shone down on the top of his shaft, he took one hand off his pants and reached inside, yanking the soft, small member out, loosening a few golden drops stuck to the tip as he felt just how much he had leaked and how much of that was on the skin of his shaft. While shoving the shorts down enough to also free his balls to the open air, he aimed the cannon at the back urinal wall and fired.

Crim was soon assaulted by the backsplash pouring from the urinal wall as he rained holy judgment on the innocent toilet. The pee stream jetting from his penis was a massive, deadly torrent spraying all over the white porcelain, coating it in a layer of yellow. Everything he had, all his power and all his urine, was flooding out in a stream so powerful that gravity couldn’t even take effect before it slammed against the urinal. And thankfully, that was all of it. Though an accident would have resulted in him wetting himself from two holes, if he peed on purpose, he could choose which urethra to use, and in this scenario, a penis was just more convenient. Crim had, on a few occasions, just made it to the toilet by the aura of his halo, and when he thought he’d let go deliberately, he quickly discovered that he had actually just had an accident with his dick out.

But that was in the past, water under the bridge. And it was so much water. It had barely even started, but the volume was so high and the pressure so intense, he already had to wonder how one angel could have held as much. He knew he had to go bad, but this was a step above his usual limits. It was a step above in sensation, as well. He was forcing a vast hose of pee through an exhausted pipeline, and his bladder was still sitting at being stretched out, so there was a burning feeling through his urethra, tingling his shaft, but it didn’t feel bad. No, just letting loose after an entire day of waiting was pretty heavenly. As the sweat streaked down his face and stuck hair to his skin, he exhaled a deep breath in a long sigh, one that quickly morphed into a moan.

This piss was a lot of things, but it was not very loud. Only his own sounds, a crunchy collision against the wall, and the mild trickling as the sheet of golden water slid into the basin awaiting below. As such, Crim soon discovered that the walls between restrooms were thin, as his ears were assaulted by a sudden roar of splashing liquids on the other side, one that was showing no signs of letting up. "No way...is that Meidri?" He couldn’t think of anyone else that was currently capable of peeing so harshly, but even then, it was so far beyond his own noise, even if he had been aiming into a toilet bowl, it seemed unreal. "Is that just what girls sound like when they’re using the bathroom?" If only to confirm his suspicion, a moan then echoed from the adjacent room, one suspiciously similar to his birdmaid coworker’s cadence. "Wow, Meidri...you were absolutely bursting to pee, weren’t you?" For reasons beyond his own isolated pleasure, Crim broke a smile.

And that was far from the only indicator of the angel’s bliss. As he began paying attention to Meidri’s pee more than his own, staring at a blank spot on the wall where he could only assume she sat on the opposite end, blood began rushing to his third leg, and it grew heavy in his hand. Feeling the weight shift, Crim looked down just in time to see the erection multiply his penis size two times over, three times, four times, five times, until the flag of the Interspecies Reviewers was flying full mast. Crim was a grower, not a shower, and such a grower that he needed to use his other hand to help hold it up.

This was Crim’s first time peeing with a boner, so as such, he was not prepared for how it could change everything. First off, as he grew hard, he took a hasty step back to avoid pressing himself against the urinal. Problem was, he jumped too far back, enough that there was a significant distance between his rod and the toilet. He didn’t know that an erection would alter direction, so he was horrified to discover that his pee stream was now aiming downwards, with all the same power, rapidly making a steaming puddle on the floor.

"Oh God, that’s not good!" He then attempted to compensate by aiming higher up, when the stream suddenly became a double shot, directed to the sides in a wide V shape, wide enough that it was colliding with the side walls of the urinal, hard enough to send sprays onto the actual bathroom wall behind it. "W-what? How is that even possible?! Lord, help me!" His only recourse now was to get closer, close enough that there could be no misfire even with his precision instrument, close enough that the tip of his foreskin was mere centimeters away from the cold, stained porcelain. At this point, it wouldn’t have mattered whether he made it to the restroom or not, his dick was getting just as wet from the recoil.

Still, as the sizable bladder bulge on his stomach deflated in the storm, the angel still couldn’t deny that this was a wonderful feeling; orgasmic, even. As the pressure diminished from a raging torrent to a slightly more merciful raging torrent, no force in Heaven or Earth could stop the sound climbing up Crim’s throat. One that, unbeknownst to him, would be timed perfectly with one from the women’s room. "Ooooooooohhhhhhhhh..."

###

"Ooooooooohhhhhhhhh..." After half a minute of her cloaca acting as a hot waterfall, Meidri was still short of breath and panting. Things had quieted down in her stall (though she could swear someone desperate must have entered the stall next to her, with the ear-piercing splashing sound she could still hear), all that was left was to recover. She felt heavy all over, her neck went limp and her head fell forward.

Having been so frantic and single-minded getting in here, this would be Meidri’s first time looking at the damage she had done to her underwear, and it wasn’t pretty. Her panties were meant to be a light pink, but now they were dark and glistening, practically all over. She may not have leaked that many times, but the sheer diameter of each leak meant they spread fast and far. And her dress wasn’t much better, considering she had been shoving the two together at her most dribbly moment. "I’ll really need to change before I can go back to work." How fortunate for her that she lived on the second floor of Ale & Eats.

First things first, though, she needed to clean herself up a little bit before she could comfortably leave the privacy of this stall. Of course, there was nothing she could do about the ruined garments she’d be forced to wear again for the time being, not without extra-intensive washing with her laundry, something she made sure to schedule as soon as possible. But she could at least grab a wad of toilet paper and rub down her inner legs, dab some excess wetness out of her clothes, and thoroughly wipe down her privates, including a delicate intrusion inside to really dry herself off. This was a messy pee, after all, she wanted to take no chances. Until she got a little carried away and touched something sensitive.

"Chupin!"

That was enough of that, she quickly dropped the damp paper into the golden toilet water and flushed it all away, stood up, and pulled her panties back up, wincing the entire time. Still, it wouldn’t stop her now, as she let her dress fall and left the stall, not looking back. Her only focus was getting to the sink and washing her hands, using twice her usual amount of soap, which was probably already infinitely more soap than anyone else here used. Taking a deep sigh as she dried her hands, she took a deep breath, composed herself, and exited the women’s restroom.

And promptly bumped into Crim exiting the matching bathroom at the same time, pretty hard, the airborne Crim was pushed away while Meidri stumbled backwards. "O-ouch! Sorry th...wait, what were you doing in there? I told you to cover for me!"

"O-oh, w-well..." Crim’s face bloomed a stark red, and as he stammered, all he could do was tap his index fingers together repeatedly.

While awaiting an answer, Meidri happened to look down towards the floor, and that’s when she saw the trail of tinkle. Immediately, she started blushing hard, thinking that she had made even more of a mess than she had realized, one that every patron bore witness to. That is, until she followed the trail, and saw that it instead passed into the boy’s room. That was enough to connect the dots, and whatever disappointment she had was quickly replaced by sympathy. "You were in a rough spot too, right?"

"W-well...yeah, that’s it. I couldn’t wait any longer, and...that’s definitely the only thing that happened in there!" Somehow, his rosy cheeks blushed even harsher, and his hands quickly crossed over his crotch, which Meidri had to assume was shame over his own wet pants.

"Well, I have to go upstairs and change, but once I’m done, I’ll let you borrow some clothes for the rest of the day. They’re women’s clothes, of course, but it’s better than sitting in wet pants for the rest of your shift."

As much as Crim got excited at the thought of getting close and personal with Meidri’s clothing, he worried he wouldn’t be able to contain himself. "N-no, that’s fine! My shorts don’t really get wet or dirty, they just need a little time to dry, and they’ll be fine!"

"Alright, if you insist. I really soaked myself, I need some new clothes. Will you actually cover for me for a minute this time?"

Like a spirit phasing into the corporeal world, Stunk suddenly appeared beside Meidri. "Oh ho, perhaps Meidri couldn’t bear her wet panties and she’s bare down below until she can get new ones." Immediately, Crim perked up. "I’ll have to take a look and see for myself." Stunk reached a hand down, fingers waving, until they brushed against the hem of Meidri’s dress.

And then the birdmaid’s elbow dropped and hit Stunk over the head, sending the pervert reeling to the floor. Some that witnessed would say they heard Stunk’s skull crack. "Damn creeper. I don’t know why or how Crim hangs around you." Using both hands, one at the front and the other around the back, Meidri ran up the stairs to her room, slamming the door behind her.

Everyone had stopped what they were doing and watched all the events that had just transpired, so once it had concluded, there was some silence. The only thing to break it was Stunk, from the ground. "You’re coming with us to meet some succu-girls tonight, right, Crim," he mumbled.

"Huh? O-okay, I’ll come," Crim answered absentmindedly, still watching the door that Meidri had passed through. Every time he blinked and closed his eyes, he could see the birdmaid in his mind, sheepishly stripping off her wet clothes and exposing the gifts God gave her. And again, as his imagination began running rampant, a tightness in his chest and his shorts forcefully reminded him not to get too horny. While he would have liked to relieve himself a second time while in the bathroom, the lack of privacy and the need to return to his job meant that Crim could only bring his erection down halfway before he pulled his pants up and left.

Needless to say, though he had just shot something strong from his dick, Crim was already badly desperate to do so again. Whichever succu-girl establishment the reviewers were visiting tonight, Crim was going to need it. And maybe he’d need to ask some questions and see if he had developed his first fetish. And somehow, he still had enough shame to know that this wasn’t normal for an angel. "I’m never getting back into Heaven like this!"

