Maid-Sama: The Summer of Pee

Author: Char242

*000*2018-01-04 03:13

This will be a collection of stories and will act as a sort of sequel to my previous Maid-Sama story. Please feel free to comment and tell me what you like, what could be better, and what you would like to read about as I might include it in one of the stories in this collection. Now without further ado, the first story of my collection.

Story 1: The Boat Trip

It was the beginning of summer vacation and Misa was excited at the prospect not having to deal with her duties as student council president at her school. Since Maid Latte was to undergo much needed renovations, the boss had invited all the employees to accompany her to a distant relative’s hot springs inn where they would be helping out for the next month. The inn was located on a small island that was part of a chain of islands just off the coast of Japan. It was finally the day to depart and Misa was the first one at the dock where the boat to island was already waiting. As she was checking emails on her phone she did not notice that she was no longer alone.

“Hey Prez, I see you’re the first one here as usual,” said Usui.

“What are you doing here?” asked a clearly startled Misa. “This trip is for Maid Latte employees only.”

“Relax Misa-chan,” said a female voice from a distance. The voice belonged to her boss Satsuki Hyoudou. “Since Usui is always helping out in the kitchen when we’re short staffed I thought it would be only right to invite him along.” She then walked over to Misa and whispered in her ear, “Plus this little tropical getaway would be the perfect chance for you two to get closer.”

Misa’s face went beat red. “Why would I want to get closer to Usui? He’s a pervert and a stalker whose always teasing me.”

“Oh come-on Prez, I only tease you because I like you,” said Usui with his puppy-dog eyes.

“You know you should be a little nicer to him since he is always helping you,” Satsuki playfully scolded. Before Misa could respond, the other girls arrived and Usui began to load their bags onto the ship.

Just as the ship was about to depart, three voices shouted out, “WAIT FOR US!!!”. The voices belonged to the Idiot Trio: Naoya, Ikuto, and Ryūnosuke.

Naoya reached the boat first. Gasping for breath he said, “Thank God you didn’t leave without us.”

As the other two reached the boat, Misa gave all three an icy stare and said coldly “What the hell are you three doing here?”

“We’re coming with you,” responded Ikuto.

“It’s our prize for winning the Maid Latte trivia contest last week,” said Ryūnosuke.

“Okay boys,” said Satsuki. “Please hurry up and get onboard so we can depart.”

“You can’t possibly be serious!” complained Misa.

“They won the contest fair and square,” said Satsuki. “We must award them the prize they earned. However, if they try to do anything inappropriate they will be sent home and banned from Maid Latte for life.”

“I guess that’s fine” said a defeated Misa as the Idiot Trio boarded the ship. A few minutes later the ship left the dock and began making its way for the island. Misa turned to her boss and asked, “How long is the boat trip anyway?”

“About six hours,” replied Satsuki. She turned to everyone and said, “I brought plenty of refreshments for the boat ride so please take as much as you want. Also, if you need to use the restroom, there is one below deck. Now let’s all relax and have a good time.” With that, everyone moved to the front deck of the ship and basked in the warm sun and cool ocean breeze.

Three hours into the trip the ocean became rougher and as a result Naoya was stricken with severe sea sickness and had to hold himself up in the ship’s only bathroom. Misa was on the deck of the ship with everyone else. She had just finished up her fourth can of tea and was beginning to regret her decision. As she got up she felt a surge of pain in her bladder that caused her to lose her balance. As she fell forward, Usui caught her in his arms. “Are you okay?” he asked.

“I’m fine,” replied Misa. “I just really need to get to the restroom.” After regaining her balance, she made her way below deck to the restroom. She knocked on the door.

“Hold on,” said Naoya. As Misa waited for the door to unlock she heard the sounds of someone stricken with seasickness and the flush of a toilet. “I’m sorry, but it’s going to be awhile,” said Naoya. Feeling bad for Naoya, Misa decided to head back to the front deck and patiently wait for him to come out.

“Are you feeling better?” asked Usui as Misa returned to the front deck. Misa nodded her head, her thoughts fixated on trying not to wet herself.

She managed to last another thirty minutes before the first few drops leaked into her panties. Realizing that she was about to make a mess on the deck, she shot upward and with great pain began to make her way to the back of the ship. She made it about half way to the back of the boat when she leaked again. She watched her horror as a few drops hit the floor. Not having anything to else to clean the mess with, she hiked up her skirt and removed her now soiled panties. She then proceeded to get down slowly on her knees and wipe up the tiny puddle on the floor with the now yellow-stained white panties. All the while she prayed that no one would see what she was doing. She finished cleaning just in time to notice that Usui was standing a few feet away from her. “How much did you see?” asked an embarrassed Misa, tears beginning to form in the corners of her eyes.

“Why didn’t you tell me you still had to go?” asked Usui as he walked over to her. Hearing footsteps coming up from behind the door leading out to the side of the ship, Usui snatched the soiled panties from Misa’s hand and tucked it in the pocket of his cargo pants. The door opened as the non-seasick members of the Idiot Trio came out from behind the door. “Is Naoya still in the bathroom? asked Usui.

“Yeah” replied Ikuto. “From the sound of it, it could still be awhile.” Luckily the two left without saying anything more.

Usui turned to Misa and picked her up saying, “You were heading for the back of the ship right?” I’ll take you there.” Misa was too embarrassed to say anything back but she was glad that Usui was there to help. As they reached the back of the boat Usui said, “You should relieve yourself over the side of the ship. I’ll stand guard to make sure that nobody sees you.” As he turned around, he felt a tug on his t-shirt. As he turned to face Misa, he saw that her face was red and that she couldn’t look at him directly.

“I need your help,” said Misa. “It’s just that I’ve never peed over the side of a boat before and I’m worried that I might fall overboard.”

“Alright,” said Usui. “The first thing you need to do is to sit on the edge of the ship while facing the ship itself.” Misa tried to do as he said but moved a little too far. As she began to fall backwards, Usui grabbed her and pulled her tightly into his chest. The fear from almost falling overboard caused Misa to leak again, this time on Usui’s sandals.

“I’m so sorry,” said Misa.

“It’s alright. I’m just glad your safe,” replied Usui. “I think I have a safer idea for how to go about this.” He then instructed her to sit on the edge again accept this time she would be facing the ocean with her legs swinging over the side of the boat. Usui then came up behind her and wrapped both his arms around her abdomen so that he could keep her from falling. Misa realized what she was supposed to do next. She lifted up her skirt and spread her legs while leaning back against Usui’s chest.

“Could you turn your head the other way?” asked an embarrassed Misa. Usui did as she asked. Misa then felt the flood gates open as a three-foot jet of piss arched out from between her legs and slammed into the ocean below. She watched in amazement as her piss caused the ocean to foam more than it already was. Then without realizing it she let out a moan of relief. She quickly turned her head to see if Usui had heard it and to her shock she saw that the side of his face was beat red.

She turned her head to face the ocean again in order to hide her extreme embarrassment. Her jet-like arc lasted about three and a half minutes before tapering off into a few small spurts and then ceasing altogether. As Misa finished up, she felt one of Usui’s arms leave her for a second and as she turned to see what was going on, Usui handed her a tissue from his pocket. Misa blushed as she grabbed the tissue and cleaned herself up. She then pulled her skirt back down and allowed Usui to pull her back into the boat.

As Misa’s feet hit the deck, she heard a voice from behind say, “Ahem”. Both Misa and Usui turned around to see her boss and hew fellow female coworkers standing behind them. All of them were holding the crotches and doing some variation of the potty dance. “Do you think you two could help us as well?” asked a desperate Satsuki.

In the end Misa was forced to help all the Maid Latte members relieve themselves over the side of the boat while Usui stood guard so that the Idiot Trio would not try to sneak a peek. Before the girls left for the front deck, one of the girls who had been wearing a swimsuit underneath her clothes took off her shorts and gave them to Misa to wear under her skirt since it was windy on deck and going commando in front of a bunch of guys was not a good idea. As the other girls left, Misa turned to thank Usui only to get a full view of him relieving himself over the side of the boat. It was her first time seeing a guy’s junk and she could’t help but stare.

“And you call me the pervert,” said Usui, having noticed that Misa could see everything from where she was standing.

“IDIOT!” yelled Misa as she ran off with an embarrassed look on her face. If she had turned around she would have seen Usui with a hand covering his face in embarrassment for having the girl he loved see his junk and run away. When he finished up and went back to the front deck, neither he nor Misa could make eye contact with each other. Things would stay this way throughout the rest of the boat trip and into the first night of their stay at the inn, where summer adventures were about to begin.

