Bennett's Luck (Genshin Impact)

Author: cplwet

*000*2023-09-08 01:10

Disclaimer: All of my stories are written with the help of AI to varying degrees, though I still write the majority myself.

Bennett was concerned about Fischl. they had been friends in the adventurer's guild for a long time, but today she had been more... distant than usual.

When they had first met, Bennett hadn't been able to make sense of a single thing she said, and even now she was a bit hard to understand, but Bennett liked her company. Even if she did have an air of self-importance. He knew that behind the bravado and the constant references to her being the "Prinsezzin" was a girl with a big heart and a caring soul.

But today, Fischl was oddly quiet, and Bennett had no idea what was wrong. She wasn't always easy to read, but he could feel something was off about her. However, he had no idea how to address it.

"Fischl, is everything okay?" He asked her, "You've been acting weird all day, and not just normal 'weird', but actually weird."

Fischl sighed, "My apologies, my stalwart vassal. I am afraid today's trials and tribulations have proven far more wearying than normal."

Oz chimed in, "What my lady means is she is simply tired."

"Oh," Bennett responded.

"But, never fret, I will be fine."

"Are you sure?" Bennett asked, "We can call off the commission, if you want."

"That won't be necessary." Fischl said, "You needn't worry, it is the duty of the Prinzessin der Verurteilung to see to it that her subjects are protected."

"If you say so," Bennett responded, "I guess I'll trust your judgement."

"I do appreciate the offer, though. But we must continue forward."

"Alright then, lead the way."

The two walked for a bit longer before Fischl stopped, blushing and crossing her legs.

"Fischl, you okay?" Bennett asked in concern.

"I- I require a moment. I- I am in the midst of- mmph! A- A most urgent matter."

"My Lady expre-" Oz began only to be interrupted by a blushing Fischl

"Oz, for the time being, please sequester thineself elsewhere"

"But, My lady-"

"Oz," Fischl's voice was unusually sharp,

"As you wish, my lady" and Oz flew off without another word.

"Um," Bennett began, "Can I help with anything? I know you said you needed a minute, but, I, uh, don't really have any clue what's going on."

Fischl was bright red, and she turned away from him, "Th- This is not something one normally d- discusses."

"Is there anything I can do?" Bennett asked, "Maybe get you some water?"

"N- No, vassal," Fischl stammered, "I am f- fine. the last thing one requires is..." she blushed, "...more hydration."

"Huh?" Bennett tilted his head.

"It is of n- no consequence," Fischl said, leaning against a tree, her legs pressed together tightly. "Just give me a moment."

"Okay."

Fischl squirmed uncomfortably, her thighs rubbing against each other.

Bennett felt kind of bad, like this was somehow his fault. Fischl was a weird friend, but he didn't want to see her uncomfortable.

"Fischl."

"Y- Yes, Bennett?"

"I'm sorry."

"F- For what?"

"Whatever I did to upset you," Bennett said, "I didn't mean to."

"Wh- what? Y- You didn't- you didn't do anything, Bennett. You d- don't have to ap-pologize." Fischl stammered, her speech surprisingly normal for once.

"Really?"

"Y- Yes."

"Oh," Bennett said, "Do you mind if I ask why you're acting weird?"

Fischl hesitated for a second, "I- It's my vestments, they are...difficult."

"Oh," Bennett said.

"Y- Yes," Fischl stuttered, "M- My, um, my garments are... restrictive, and as such, they are...a challenge to remove when...necessary."

"But... why would you need to take them off?" Bennett asked.

"Because," Fischl mumbled, her cheeks turning redder, "it is only natural that one must relieve themselves on occasion."

"Oh!" Bennett exclaimed in realization, "Well, if you need to use the bathroom, we can take a break."

"N- No," Fischl stammered. "I- I'm already far past the point of no return."

"Wait, do you mean-"

"Y- yes, Benny, I- I do," Fischl said softly with a blush.

Bennett looked away, feeling the blood rush to his face. He had never heard Fischl call him by his nickname before.

"D- Do not fret, I- I shall persevere," Fischl stammered, clearly embarrassed as well.

"Fischl," Bennett spoke softly, "If you can't hold it anymore, it's okay."

"N- no," Fischl shook her head, her face a bright crimson, "I- I refuse to let such a petty thing defeat the Prinzessin der Verurteilung! I- I will not let the people see me- see me disgraced like this."

"You can't do that to yourself, Fischl. You're only human. You can't expect yourself to be perfect." Benny said, coming close and cupping her cheek with his hand.

She looked up at him, daintily placing both of her hands over it.

"Y- You truly feel so?"

"Of course," Benny smiled.

"Y- You are too kind," she blushed, pulling him close, wrapping her arms around his waist and burying her face in his chest.

"Hey, no problem," Benny smiled, hugging her back.

They embraced each other for a moment.

"please dont tell anyone," Fischl whispered.

"Don't worry," Benny reassured her, "your secret's safe with me." Bennett smiled, gently stroking her hair.

Fischl nodded against his chest and whimpered, tightening her grip around him, "I- I think I'm-"

Suddenly, she gasped and wet warmth soaked his pants. He could feel her trembling against him, her face buried in his chest.

He held her close, letting her finish her business, as she continued to cry into his shirt.

After a while, Fischl slowly pulled away, wiping her tears away with her gloves.

"B- Benny, I'm sorry. I didn't mean to. I- I promise. It- it wasn't intentional."

"Hey, no worries," Bennett reassured her, "You couldn't control it, right? That's all there is to it."

"Yes," Fischl nodded, her voice still shaky, "but now its all over your trousers."

"It's not a big deal, it'll wash out. Don't worry about it."

"I- I still feel bad," Fischl admitted, looking down, "I ruined your pants, they're all wet."

"Fischl, with my bad luck if had a lot worse things happen to my clothes." then he blushed. "honestly, I think my luck's a little better today" he said softly.

Fischl looked up at him and smiled weakly. "but I just peed all over you. that seems pretty unlucky."

"The prettiest girl i know trusted me at her most vulnerable, I got to hold her, she hugged me, and I got to comfort her," Benny blushed. "It doesn't get much luckier than that."

Fischl looked at him, surprised. "y- you think I'm the prettiest girl you know?"

"Well, yeah, of course. You're like, the coolest person ever."

Fischl giggled, her blush spreading to her ears. she pulled him back into a hug.

"You're such a dork," she giggled, burying her face in his chest again. "Thank you."

"Anytime," Benny smiled, giving her another hug.

She pryed herself from his arms, clearing her throat embarrassedly "Well, ahem, it is the... duty of the prinsezzin to repay her loyal subjects. Allow me to assist you."

"Huh? How?"

"well, I... i was thinking that, since I have, um, sullied your garb, maybe I could... assist in their replacement," Fischl offered, her eyes darting back and forth.

"I don't know, that's really not necessary."

"No, no, I insist. After all, a ruler cannot have her subjects in shambles," she said, a awkward tone in her voice, "We have a day of rest tomorrow, do we not? Perhaps we could... spend it together replacing your vestments and... perhaps i can treat you to a meal as thanks for your assistance."

"Fischl, really, that's not necessary."

"Come, come, you are not one to turn down a royal invitation, are you...Benny?" She asked hopefully.

It finally clicked for Benny that she was asking him out. "I, um, I would love that," he replied, his own face growing red.

"Splendid," she smiled.

"B- But, I, um, I think we should do something about your clothes," Benny blushed.

She looked down and blushed again, realizing she was still covered in her own urine.

"I, um, I- I suppose that would be a good idea."

"I think theres a spring nearby where we can clean ourselves. It's not far from here. I remember I tripped and fell into it recently." he said bashfully, rubbing the back of his neck.

"Very well, lead the way, my loyal vassal," she said, trying to regain some of her composure.

"You got it, Prinsezzin"

With that, the two set off, and she caught up to him and silently took his hand in hers.

He was a bit taken aback, but she acted like nothing was happening. without changing her expression, she squeezed his hand.

He squeezed her hand back, and they walked along, their fingers intertwined.

@@they reached the spring soon enough. he jumped into the water fully clothed, but she hesitated.

"Aren't you going to come in, Fischl?"

"Ah, yes, of course. Ahem. If you would, please avert thine eyes."

"Huh? Why?"

"Because," she paused, biting her lip. "I... I need to disrobe."

"Oh." Bennett blushed.

"Thou must also, is it not true? Unless one wishes to be belabored with sodden garments."

"Oh, uh, I guess," Benny said, suddenly realizing how uncomfortable he would be if he stayed in his wet clothes.

"Very well then," Fischl said. "Oz? I trust thou hast heard, correct?"

"Of course, my lady," Oz responded, flying into sight, "I shall keep vigil from the air and make sure your privacy is respected."

"Thank you, Oz," Fischl smiled. "Now, um, shall we?"

"s-should I go make camp and wait for you to be done?" Benny asked, his cheeks red.

"Nonsense," Fischl said, her cheeks turning pink, "there is no sense in delaying. Simply... avert thine gaze."

"R-right," Bennett stammered, turning around, his face on fire.

He could hear Fischl removing her clothes and dousing them in the spring. "Oz, is the area secure?"

"Yes, my lady, you have nothing to worry about."

"Very well then," she said, stepping into the water. "you may look."

"Okay," Benny turned around, his face burning.

Fischl's hair was down, and her clothes were laid out neatly on a rock. she was blushing furiously, and holding her arms over her chest, concealing her breasts from view.

"Oh, right," Bennett said, his face on fire as he started stripping his clothes off with his lower half concealed by the water.

"Th- This is most unusual," Fischl said, blushing.

"Yeah, it's not everyday a princess asks me to strip," Benny joked, laughing nervously.

"I- I have seen a man's...form, b- before. But...Benny" She looked him over, his body suprisingly muscular beneath his baggy tunic, his body covered in scars and burns from various battles and mishaps. "W- Wow," She stammered, her blush deepening.

"What?"

"I- I am... quite impressed, Bennett."

"Thanks?"

"I- I mean," Fischl was struggling to form words, "Y- you are...very well built. Y- Your muscles... are very...intriguing."

"Oh, um, thanks. I have to train a lot to make up for my bad luck."

"Th- That makes sense. M- Must be very hard," she said, biting her lip and moving closer to him.

"You should see the training regimen the guildmaster has me doing."

"I- I think I would rather n- not," Fischl chuckled nervously, her face bright red, her arms still wrapped tightly around her chest.

"Th- This water is suprsingly warm," she said, her voice unsteady.

"Yeah," Benny replied, "it used to be a regular spring but um...I mentioned i tripped and fell in?"

"yes?" Fischl tilted her head in curiousity. He thought it was pretty cute.

"Well, I had been doing a commision to collect scarlet quartz from dragonspine, and I lost a lot of it when i fell in. I guess that rock has the ability to generate a lot of heat when it breaks, so it kind of messed things up, so it's kind of a hot spring now."

"Oh," Fischl smiled, her blush fading a bit, "Well, that certainly has its advantages."

"Yeah, the hot water is nice."

"Indeed." Fischl smiled, nervously moving herself into a sitting position near him.

"Fischl, are you ok?"

"Th- The Prinzessin does not normally have an... a-audience while bathing. I- It is a tad uncomfortable, I admit."

"Do you want me to leave?"

"No!" Fischl said quickly. leaning forward and placing her hands on his shoulder. "No, I- I wish to stay with you."

"Oh," Benny blushed.

"Y- Yes, well," Fischl blushed, "I- I find thine company... quite agreeable."

"Uh...thanks," Benny blushed, "I... I like hanging out with you too."

Fischl nodded and looked down realizing she was still leaning on him, and no longer covering her chest. She pulled her arms back quickly.

"My apologies. It- it was not intentional."

"N- no worries," Benny blushed.

"R- Right." She said, and then sighed softly, letting her arms fall into the water, blushing darkly. he had already seen, there was no sense in continuing to hide. The steaming water obscured her body for the most part, anyway.

"So, um, you seem to have... a great many scars."

"Oh, yeah," Benny chuckled, "Bad luck and adventuring aren't exactly the safest combination in Teyvat."

"I see," Fischl said, reaching her hand out and running her finger gently along a scar that ran along his collarbone. "Th- They are a badge of honor, I suppose."

"Yeah," Benny blushed, "It's proof of what I've overcome."

"They are beautiful," Fischl said absentmindedly.

"I'm... not really sure I'm the best person to call beautiful, Fischl."

"I beg to differ," Fischl said, her finger moving up the side of his neck, across his cheek and over the scar over his eye. "Y- You are quite... ahem...handsome."

"H- Handsome? Me?"

"Y- Yes," Fischl stuttered, her face bright red, "V- Very."

"Thanks," Benny blushed, "but the same goes for you. I think you're beautiful, too."

"Oh," Fischl smiled. "T- Thank you, Benny."

"No problem."

They sat in silence for a moment.

"Th- This is nice," Fischl said, smiling softly, "I- I could get used to this."

"What, bathing together?"

She quickly blushed and stammered, "Thats not wh-what I- I meant, but, I- I'm not opposed to it happening now, I-I meant- I- I just, um, I- I enjoy relaxing like this in the w-wonders of nature."

"Oh, umm, sorry."

"I- It's alright," she smiled, her blush subsiding. "I- I have... enjoyed myself.

"I have too. D-Do you think our clothes are dry?"

"M- Mayhap," Fischl said, her face going red again, "Would- would that we should... r-relocate and, don our garb in private, before returning home."

"That's a good idea."

"Very well then, let us, um, gather our belongings and... meet back here, shall we?"

"Alright," Benny said, swimming towards the shore.

"Ah, ahem, I- I shall see you momentarily," Fischl said, following suit. as they prepared to each leave the obscuring protection of the water, pointedly not looking at each other, Oz called out hurriedly.

"Some manner of monster approaches! my magic alone is ineffective, it's coming right at you!"

"What?" Bennett asked, and the two of them rushed for their weapons.

"It's a ruin hunter!"

"Oh no." Bennett said, his heart dropping into his stomach as it bore down on him.

"I shall protect thee!" Fischl cried out, firing her bow at the machine, getting its attention. Bennett noticed it was covered in gashes and parts of it were splitting open.

"Fish, it looks damaged! Fire a charged shot at the core and I'll blow it up with a fire attack!"

"Very well," she said, nocking an arrow and waiting until the electric power of her vision flowed through her arrow.

Bennet launched himself at the machine as she loosed her arrow, hitting the core with ease, and Bennett's flaming blade sliced through the weakened metal and destroyed the machine, its blast knocking him back into the water with a splash.

Fischl was knocked back as well, but uninjured.

"Are you alright, mein fraulein?"

"Yes, thank you, Oz," Fischl said, rushing to the edge of the water.

"Benny!" she cried, spotting him laying in the water.

"Ugh," he groaned, struggling to sit up, his head spinning.

"Are you okay?"

"I- Im fine, just a little winded," He called back, sitting up, only to stare and blush deeply.

Fischl looked at him sitting in the spring, his lower body covered only by the water, and her eyes went wide.

"I- I- Oh," She stuttered, her eyes darting down at herself and her face flushing, "I- I forgot...about..." she realized her body was fully exposed, on display for him to see.

"F- Fischl," Bennett said, his face burning, "I- I'm sorry!" He said, covering his eyes, "I- I didn't mean to-

"It's alright," Fischl blushed, covering herself, "D- Do not concern yourself."

"I- I- I should...um," Bennett began.

"I- I think," Fischl said, "I'll r-return shortly!" She said, grabbing her clothes and fleeing into the forest, her face burning.

Bennett sat there for a moment, stunned.

"Mein Fraulein is quite flustered," Oz commented.

"She, ah, she is not the only one." Bennett blushed.

"I would suggest not mentioning this incident again, lest she become upset."

"Of course," Bennet blushed. "I, ah, should go dry off, and, um, put my clothes on."

"That would be prudent, yes."

Bennett grabbed his clothes and dried off before grabbing his clothes.

As he was finishing dressing, he heard a rustling from behind him, and Fischl approached, now fully clothed.

"I- I do hope you are uninjured from from the battle" She said.

"I am. Are you okay?"

"I- Indeed. That battle was a small thing, easily won."

"That's good."

"Now then, we should, um," She cleared her throat awkwardly "..we should return."

"Yeah, we should. Want to grab something to eat from Springvale on the way back?"

"I... would be amenable to that, yes."

"Great."

"Splendid."

They stood there for a moment, blushing, unsure what to say.

"Shall we then?" Bennett finally asked.

"O- Of course," Fischl said, walking toward the village.

Bennett joined her, and they walked in silence.

"I- I'm really sorry, Fischl. I didn't mean to-"

"It's alright," Fischl said, trying not to look at him, "i- It was an accident. I- I do not fault you."

"Right."

"Indeed."

The silence between them was heavy, neither sure what to say. They stopped and got meat skewers from a woman in Springvale, quietly eating them as they walked back to Mondstadt.

As the approached the gates and prepared to go their seperate ways, Bennett couldn't take the awkwardness anymore and blurted softly, "I promise i wont tell anyone so if-"

Fischl cut him off with a finger to his lips and a soft smile.

"I know," she said softly in a voice different than usual, "I trust you. Are we still on for tomorrow?"

"Y- yes," Benny blushed, suprised. "of course!"

"Good." she said, leaning in and giving him a kiss on the cheek, before turning and walking away, her face burning.

He blushed darkly and watched her leave, a soft smile on his face.

Maybe his luck wasn't so bad after all.

