I tell my boyfriend

Author: CuteNWet

*000*2023-02-26 22:05

I wish this was a true story....but a girl can dream, can't she? 🙂

I've been dating this guy for about a year, but I've never told him about my weird abdl fetish. (I've never told anyone in real life, soo embarrassing, lol) But, a couple weeks ago when I was at his place I found some files on his computer. Girls wetting themselves, girls wearing diapers, etc. I knew this could open up a whole new part to our relationship, but I still was too scared to say anything. Until this weekend.

I decided to take the plunge, and tell him everything. He lives about an hour away, so I only see him on weekends usually. So, Friday afternoon, I made up my mind to tell him. But I wanted to make sure I wouldn't chicken out at the end, so I made sure to set up things so that I would have to tell him.

I started by dressing up in a pink tshirt and denim overalls (they always make me feel little). That's not so odd, sometimes I wear them anyway, and he says them make me look cute 🙂 But underneath I put on a pair of pink training pants (that will be hard to explain later, I thought 🙂 Then I put my hair in pigtails, and drank a whole bunch of water. The hour long drive to his place was a weird combination of desperation and nervousness. I had to go pee before I left, but I didn't go. By the time I finally got there. I was completely desperate.

I had leaked a bit already in my training pants while sitting in the car, but I've always found it hard to pee when sitting down, so i didn't think it was that much. Getting out of the car and standing up I squirted some more, and the warm wetness and pressure relief felt soooo good that maybe I let out a bit more than I was planning :). Walking to his front door I could hardly walk straight, I had to pee so bad, and I leaked a bit more (once I start it's hard to stop). I started having second thoughts about my plan, but it was a bit too late now....

"HI", I called out as I opened his front door. He walked in from the other room, and stopped in his tracks. "Whoa, you look adorable", he said "Thank you", I giggled, "I really hafta go potty". (OMG I can't believe I just said it like that!) "I can see that", he said, pointing. I looked down and gasped--there was a wet patch on my overalls already! "Oh no", I squealed, immediately getting into character. (No turning back now, I thought.) "I was trying to be a big girl". "It's ok baby", he said, taking me in his arms. I could feel him pushing against me, rock hard. "Oooh, feels like somebody likes", I said, reaching down to rub him a little bit. He could hardly talk, he was so excited. "I can't hold it much longer, I should really find a bathroom before I go potty in my pants", i said. "Just wait a bit cutie", he said, blushing.

I could see how excited he was, and to be honest, so was I. "But I'm gonna have a accident!", I said, dancing a little bit. He took my hand and led me into the kitchen (with a tile floor) and sat on a chair. He patted his lap, for me to sit on it. This is new for both of us, and we haven't even talked about anything, it's just kinda happening. I straddle him on the chair (almost losing it in the process) and we start making out. His hands wander to under my overalls (overalls are great for that btw :), and all of a sudden he stops and he's feeling my thick wittle girl training pants. He's curious, but not really sure what he's touching, so he feels all around and underneath, where they're totally soaked. It feels sooo good to have him touch me through my wet panties like that. My whole body is trembling.

With my legs spread apart, and him touching me like that, I don't have a whole lot of control. All of a sudden I feel a big spasm, and I totally start wetting my pants! I can feel hot pee flowing into my training pants, which only hold the wetness for a few seconds before they're saturated, then my overalls start getting wet. I look down, and see an ever increasing wet spot, and it's going all over his lap. Pee runs down our legs, and starts making a puddle on the floor, and I can hear it splashing. He looks straight at me and kisses me while I'm peeing on his lap. "Oh no, I'm sorry, I'm peeing all over you!". I'm blushing like crazy, but he so obviously enjoys it that I don't actually feel that embarrassed. Just safe, and loved...and wet. Soaked, in fact. "Baby, that was the hottest thing I've ever seen", he says. I let him touch me all over my wet clothes.

He starts unbuttoning my overalls. "Do you wanna see my wittle twaining pants?" I ask him, "look what I did, I had a big accident! I twied to be a big girl, but sometimes I have accidents still" He just stares, almost in shock. Pretty soon I'm standing there in the middle of the kitchen with nothing on, and a pile of wet clothes on the floor. He looks like he's about to cum before he even gets close to me. He pulls me down to the floor on top of all my wet clothes, and is quickly inside me. He only holds it for about 15 seconds. (I guess I'll have to wait until later, lol 🙂 "Sorry baby, but you're just so cute and I've never done anything like this before and I just couldn't wait any longer". "That's ok", I say, laying with him in a puddle and a pile of peed-in clothes on the floor, "I'm just happy we have this out in the open now. I saw some of your pictures a couple weeks ago, and I've been trying to figure out how to tell you that I've been into this for years too".

He blushes a bit, and grins. "Those pictures were supposed to be hidden, but I'm glad you saw them, if this is the result". I looked at him. "Can you change me?" I ask. "Why, what else do you got?", he says. I lead him over to my suitcase, which is full of all my abdl stuff. Diapers, onesies, pacifiers, baby powder, it's all there. His eyes widen. He takes my by the hand and leads me up the bedroom. He grabs a towel and spreads it on the bed, and then lays me down on it and pops my pacifier in my mouth. I'm still covered in pee, but it's a bit air-dried now, and there's a faint smell of it in the air.

I'm ok with staying like that for a while 🙂 He gets out a thick baby diaper, with cute pink hearts on it, and puts it under my bum. Then he sprinkles baby powder on me (OMG I love that smell), rubbing it all over my stomach and breasts as well. He tapes up the diaper, and I stand up so he can put me in a pink onesie, with a little matching skirt. I help him fix my pigtails with some cute little bows. Blushing, but feeling totally babyish, I stand in front of him and twirl around for inspection. "You like?". "Baby, you are freaking adorable!", he says, taking me in his arms and feeling my thick diaper. Giggle, I can't wait to see what else we get into this weekend 🙂


