Nisekoi: Stuck in A Storeroom

Author: Char242

*000*2018-05-31 07:08

It was a sunny Saturday afternoon as Raku Ichijo sat in his room working on a homework assignment. He was half way through his math homework when he heard a female voice moan, “I’m sooo bored.” It was Chitoge Kirisaki. She was laying on Raku’s bed reading one of his manga books. While the two seemed like normal high school students, they were anything but. Raku was the son of a yakuza leader and lived in a large Japanese style house with a bunch of other yakuza. Chitoge on the other hand, was the daughter of the leader of the Beehive Gangsters. Not long after the Beehive showed up in Japan, a turf war broke out between them and the yakuza. To prevent a potential blood bath, Raku and Chitoge’s fathers forced them into dating each other in the hopes that it would bring peace to the warring factions. While Raku and Chitoge resisted at first, they eventually decided to fake the relationship in order to keep the peace.

“Then why don’t you do your homework?” replied an irritated Raku. Today there was supposed to be a study group consisting of Chitoge, Raku’s best friend Shu Maiko, Raku’s crush Kosaki Onodera, Kosaki’s friend Ruri Miyamoto, and himself. However, Kosaki had been forced to cancel at the last minute due to an issue at her family’s shop, while Ruri and Shu decided that they had more important plans. That just left him with the violent girl with gorilla-like strength.

“I already did it,” answered Chitoge as she flipped to the next page. “It was really easy. I’m surprised that you’re still not finished with it yet. Are you slow or something?”

“Why are you still here then?” snapped Raku. It was bad enough that he didn’t get to spend time with his crush, but to have to sit here and listen to Chitoge’s whining and insults was too much. “Just go home already.”

“I would if I could but I told father and the others that I would be spending the day studying at your house. If I went back now, they would think something was up. You don’t want them to resume their turf war, do you?”

“No,” grumbled Raku. As much as he hated to admit it, Chitoge was probably right. If anybody in either the yakuza or the Beehive found out that Chitoge and Raku weren’t actually dating, it could spell disaster for the city.

“Good,” said Chitoge as she sat up and swung her legs over the bed. “Just so you know, I am not enjoying this either. There are a bunch of things I would rather be doing, but instead I’m stuck here with you. Thank god it’s only for a couple more hours.” Chitoge got up off the bed and stretched. She then began walking towards the door.

“Where are you going?” asked Raku. “Even if we are in a pretend relationship, it’s probably not a good idea for you to wander around my house while all the yakuza guys are around.”

“Are you afraid that they might hurt me?” taunted Chitoge.

“No, I’m afraid that they’re going to do something extremely embarrassing. You know how those guys are.”

“Don’t worry, I’ll be fine. There’s nothing that those guys can do that will embarrass me.”

“It’s not you that I’m worried about,” mumbled Raku. “Now please answer my question, where are you going?”

“Toilet,” replied Chitoge. “Did you want to know the specifics too?”

“Hell no,” cried Raku, his face flush with embarrassment.

“Good,” said Chitoge as she opened the door and walked out into the hall. “I wasn’t going to tell you anyways. Pervert.” She then closed the door and set off for the bathroom.

###

Ten minutes had passed and Chitoge had still not found the bathroom. Raku’s house was huge and there were way too many rooms. While she had been there a couple times before, she never once had to use the restroom. “This sucks,” she muttered as she walked down the hall clutching her crotch. She had been at Raku’s house since ten in the morning. In the three hours that she had been there, she had consumed roughly four 8oz cans of juice. She had only started feeling the urge to go within the last hour.

As she walked, Chitoge could feel the juice sloshing around in her bladder. Chitoge was now beginning to regret not asking Raku where the bathroom was. As she reached the first floor of the house, she noticed that it seemed rather empty. Normally there were at least a couple of yakuza members hanging around, but she hadn’t seen anyone in her search for the restroom. Her desperation getting the best of her, she shouted “Where the hell is the damn bathroom?” No response came. The house seemed empty. “Damn it,” cursed Chitoge. “I guess I’ll just have to find it myself.”

###

Fifteen minutes had passed since Chitoge had left Raku’s room. “I wonder if she fell in,” said Raku to himself. The very thought of that made him laugh a little. “That’s what she gets for being rude and condescending.” Another five minutes passed without her returning. Raku was now starting to get a little worried. “There is no way that it should take this long. I should probably go check on her.” Raku got up off the floor and walked out of his room.

A minute and a half later, he was standing next to the bathroom door. The bathroom on this floor was located at the very far end of the hall. Raku knocked on the door, “Chitoge, you’ve been in there for a long time. Is everything alright?”

There was no response. He knocked again, but heard no response.

“Look, if you don’t give me a response, then I’m going to try opening the door.” There was silence. “Alright then, don’t say I didn’t warn you.” Raku grabbed the door handle and twisted, but the door would not budge. There was no response on the other side of the door. He was starting to get worried. “I’m not playing around Chitoge. Answer me you damn gorilla girl!” When he didn’t hear a response to that, he became extremely worried. Normally calling her a gorilla girl would be enough to get him beaten up. The fact that Chitoge didn’t come storming out told him that something was wrong. “Stand back,” he shouted, “I’m going to break open the door.” Using all the strength he could muster, he slammed his body against the door with enough force to break the door open.

The person sitting on the toilet was not Chitoge, but one of the yakuza members. The man had a girly magazine on his lap and was clearly taking a nap. He reeked of booze. Suddenly the man’s eyes flashed open. As he began to come to, he saw Raku standing in front of him. “Young master,” stuttered the man as he did his best to cover himself up. “What can I do for you?”

“Have you seen Chitoge Kirisaki around here?”

“Your girlfriend? Not since this morning. Wasn’t she with you?”

“She was until she left to find the bathroom. She’s been gone for twenty minutes.”

“Well, she didn’t come here,” said the yakuza member. “I’ve been here for…” the yakuza member looked at his watch, “shit, I’ve been here for almost an hour.”

“Chitoge must have gone to find another restroom,” muttered Raku to himself. He then turned around and ran down the hall. “Be sure to fix that door when you’re done,” he shouted before turning the corner.

“Will do, young master,” shouted the yakuza thug.

###

Nearly thirty minutes had passed since Chitoge had left Raku’s room and she had still not found the bathroom. Somewhere along the way, she had become so lost that she was now standing in the backyard roughly fifteen feet away from the storehouse. She had searched the entire first floor and had had no luck finding the bathroom. Almost every door she had tried had been locked and the ones that weren’t belonged to the yakuza members and were cluttered with junk. Chitoge had not seen a single person the entire time she searched and she was now becoming extremely irritated.

“Damn it,” she cursed underneath her breath, “I really need to pee.” The pain in her bladder was beginning to overwhelm her. She needed to relieve herself and soon. Chitoge scanned the area for a few seconds before spotting a bushy area next to the fifteen-foot-high wall that surrounded the house. The bushes were certainly tall enough and thick enough for her to squat down behind without being seen. As she contemplated whether she wanted to risk it or not, she felt something drip into her panties. It was warm. She didn’t even have to think twice about what it was. If she didn’t do something and fast, she’d soon be walking around with drenched panties.

“I guess I don’t have a choice,” whispered Chitoge to herself as she looked at the bushes. “I just hope nobody sees me.” Chitoge quickly looked to her left, her right, and behind her. Once she was satisfied that nobody was around to see her, she began stumbling towards the bushes. Each step she took was like pure hell. The contents of her bladder sloshed all around. With each step she took, she could feel the floodgates weakening. She was a foot away from the bushes when she heard someone call out to her.

“There you are Chitoge,” called a voice from behind her. As she turned around, she saw that it was Raku. She watched as he ran up to her. From the looks of him, he had been running around for a while. “Thank god I found you. I thought something terrible had happened.”

“There was no need to worry about me,” snapped Chitoge, her irritation building from missing her chance to relieve herself. “I can handle myself, thank you very much.”

“I know that,” panted Raku as he stared at the ground, desperately trying to catch his breath. “But I still get worried. Even with your gorilla like strength, you’re still a girl after all.” As he looked up, he saw that Chitoge’s cheeks were slightly red.

“Look, I don’t need a pansy like you worrying about me,” blushed Chitoge. While Chitoge initially despised Raku with a passion, as she had gotten to know him, she found that he was actually a decent guy. Of course, she would never admit that to anyone, especially him.

“I was just trying to be nice,” Raku snapped back. He took a moment to gather himself as it wouldn’t do him any good to get into an argument with her. “What are you doing back by the bushes anyways? I thought you were going to find the bathroom.”

“Oh that, I already found the bathroom,” lied Chitoge. “After I was done I decided to take a tour of the house to relieve my boredom.” The instant she said it, she began kicking herself. Why couldn’t she just admit to him that she had gotten lost while trying to find the bathroom?

“Well let’s head back inside. Like I said before, it’s not good to wander around here by yourself.”

“Fine,” grumbled Chitoge as she took one last look at the bushes. As they passed the storehouse, Chitoge saw a shadow move by the half open door. She stopped and looked at the storehouse. A split second later she thought that she heard a meow. “Did you hear that?” she asked.

Raku turned around. “What are you talking about?”

“I saw a shadow move in the storehouse and then I heard a meow. I think your cat might be in trouble.” Suddenly Chitoge sprinted for the storeroom.

“My cat, huh,” muttered Raku. It took a few seconds for him to realize something very important. “Wait a second,” he screamed as he chased after her, “I don’t even own a cat!”

###

By the time Raku entered the storehouse, Chitoge was already searching for the cat. “Here kitty kitty,” she called softly while snapping her fingers.

“Chitoge,” shouted Raku as he walked towards her.

“Be quiet,” she loudly whispered. “If you shout like that you’ll scare the cat.”

“That’s what I’m trying to tell you about,” said Raku, “we don’t own a cat.”

Chitoge paused for a moment, “What did you just….” But before she could finish her sentence, the two heard movement behind them. They spun around just in time to see the door slam shut. A clicking sound came a few seconds later. The room was now dark except for the little bit of sunlight streaming in from a couple dusty windows located up towards the ceiling.

“DAMN IT!” screamed Raku as he ran towards the door and turned the handle. It wouldn’t budge. He then began slamming his fists against the door. “THIS ISN’T FUNNY! LET US OUT RIGHT NOW!!!” But no response came. The room was silent for a moment. Suddenly Raku heard a loud thud behind him. As he turned around he saw that Chitoge was on her knees. Her eyes were closed and her hands were around her ears, her entire body was trembling. It took a few seconds for Raku to realize what was going on. Not long after they had begun their fake relationship, several of the yakuza members had locked up Chitoge and Raku in the storeroom as a way of getting them to become closer. While locked in the storeroom, Raku had learned that Chitoge had a fear of dark spaces. That fear was now beginning to manifest itself.

Raku ran over to one of the shelves and pulled down a box. Inside of it was a gas powered lantern. He quickly took it out and lit a match. The room was now bathed in the lantern’s light. Raku kneeled next to Chitoge and placed the lantern on the floor. Grabbing both Chitoge’s hands and pulling them away from her ears, Raku softly said, “You can open your eyes now. Everything is going to be okay.”

Chitoge opened her eyes and saw that the room was no longer as dark. She looked down at the lantern illuminating the room. “This wasn’t here last time,” she said. “Where did it come from?”

“I put it here in case those idiots ever tried to lock us up in here again. Man am I glad that I did.”

“You had enough foresight to place a lantern in here, but yet you still fell for their scheme? What kind of idiot are you?” fumed Chitoge.

“I’m the idiot?” snapped Raku. “I’m not the one who fell for their trick. That was all you. The only reason I’m in here was because I was trying to warn you. If anyone is the idiot here, it’s you gorilla girl.”

“You want to say that again beansprout?” shouted Chitoge as she grabbed him by the collar of his shirt. Her fist was clenched and from the look on her face, she was about ready to give him a beating of a lifetime. Just as she was getting ready to deliver the first punch, she felt another drop hit her panties. This one felt a bit bigger than before. Chitoge immediately released Raku and bent forward, her hands tightly grasping her crotch.

“Hey Chitoge, are you okay?” asked Raku.

“I’m just fine.”

“No, you’re not. If you were fine, then you wouldn’t be hunched over like that. Tell me what’s wrong.”

“I told you I’m fine.”

“QUIT LYING!” yelled Raku, his face full of concern. “You’re obviously in pain so just tell me what’s going on.”

“You’ll laugh if I tell you.”

“No, I won’t. Just fess up already.”

“I have to pee,” relented Chitoge, her face flush with embarrassment. “I lied when I told you that I went to the bathroom. The truth is that I got lost while trying to find it.” Raku broke out in laughter. “LIAR!” she screamed as she socked him hard in the shoulder.

“I’m sorry,” chuckled Raku as he rubbed his shoulder. “Why didn’t you say something earlier?”

“Because I was embarrassed.”

“So, when I found you over near the bushes earlier you were you planning on peeing behind them weren’t you?”

“Was not!” denied Chitoge. “I was merely admiring the topiary.”

“Sure you were,” said Raku sarcastically.

“This is all your fault,” declared an agitated Chitoge trying to change the subject.

“And how is this my fault?”

“You were the one that gave me the juice in the first place and then you didn’t bother to tell me where the bathroom was.”

“First of all, I didn’t make you drink all that juice. You did that on your own. Secondly, you never asked me where the bathroom was. If you had, I gladly would have told you. Don’t go blaming me for your own problems,” fumed Raku. Realizing that they weren’t getting anywhere by arguing, he took a deep breath and began thinking of a plan to solve Chitoge’s problem. A few seconds later, an idea hit him. Raku got up and began rummaging through the boxes on the shelf where he had gotten the lantern.

“What could you possibly be looking for at a time like this?” asked Chitose.

“I’m pretty sure that we had an empty jar or two around here somewhere."

“I’m not going to pee in a jar while you watch,” retorted Chitose, her face growing redder with each passing second. Part of it was embarrassment and part of it was anger.

“Of course not,” replied Raku as he continued rummaging through the boxes. A few seconds later he found what he was looking for. Turning around he extended the jar out towards Chitoge. “There is a place behind some tall boxes in the back corner. Take this behind there and do your business. I promise that I won’t look.”

“You’re crazy if you think that I’m going to pee in a jar. Knowing you, you’ll probably take it and hide it somewhere in your room where you can admire it.”

“What sort of pervert do you take me for?” spat Raku. “Why the hell would I want a jar full of your pee in my room. That is completely disgusting.”

“You’d do it if it were Kosaki’s,” snapped Chitoge as she sprung to her feet.

“What’s Onodera got to do with this?” blushed Raku. Although in truth, he couldn’t deny the possibility that he might hide the jar in his room if it were Kosaki’s. Disturbed by the dirty thoughts that were going on in his head, he decided to change the subject. “Just use the damn jar.”

“No,” screamed Chitoge.

“Use it,” repeated Raku as he held out the jar.

“I said no,” yelled Chitoge as she pushed Raku hard enough to send him tumbling back into the storage shelf. Just then one of the boxes that had been hanging precariously from the top shelf came crashing down onto Raku’s head. His body slumped forward. “Hey Raku, are you alright?” asked Chitoge as she knelt down next to him. The boy was out cold. As she got up, she heard a crunching sound. Looking down, she saw that she was standing on the broken remains of the jar. She reasoned that it must have fallen out of his hands when she pushed him. Her only option for relief was now gone. Without really knowing why, she looked towards the corner that Raku had pointed out to her. Sure enough, the spot was big enough to conceal her. Realizing that she was running out of time and had no other options, she grabbed the lantern and walked back behind the boxes in the corner.

Still holding the lantern, she looked down at the dusty wooden floor. “Am I really going to do this?” she asked herself out loud. As she looked at the floor, she felt another drop fall into her panties. Chitoge had reached her limit. It was now or never. Placing the lantern on the floor, she reached beneath her skirt and pulled down her panties. Looking at them in the lantern’s light, she could see a large yellow splotch on the crotch. Not wanting to get them any wetter than they already were, Chitoge removed her panties and shoved them in her skirt pocket. She hiked up her skirt and squatted down.

Her heart was racing and her breathing was getting heavier. Chitoge knew that what she was about to do was extremely naughty, but if she didn’t do it she was going to wet herself. “Just do it,” she whispered to herself as she allowed her body to relax. Seconds later, the silence of the room was disrupted with the sound of her piss stream slapping the wooden floor. Chitoge watched as her stream jutted forth almost three feet in front of her. It was like a kinked-up garden hose that had just been unkinked. Her urine was spraying everywhere. She couldn’t help but moan in relief, but the moment she did, she became self-conscious and cut off her stream.

Chitoge shifted to the left a bit so that she could peek her head around the side of the boxes. Raku was still lying unconscious up against the shelf. Chitoge shifted back to where she was and resumed her stream. She watched as the lantern’s flame lit up her piss, giving it a shining golden color. The individual drops she sprayed almost looked like fireflies. Her stream would last for another couple minutes before dying out. As she finished up, she reached into her pockets to see if she had anything to wipe with. Unfortunately, all she had were her slightly soiled panties.

Chitoge spent several seconds debating whether she wanted to use the panties to wipe herself with or not before ultimately deciding to use them. Once she was done, she stuffed them back in her pocket, stood up, and adjusted her skirt. As she leaned down to grab the lantern, she got a good look at the aftermath of what she had done. There was a piss puddle the size of one of the Great Lakes spreading across the floor in front of her. Part of it was still foaming. “I hope nobody sees this,” she said to herself before making her way back to Raku.

###

The two were released from the storeroom almost an hour later. Raku had woken up several minutes after Chitoge had finished the deed, but he had no memory of how they got in there nor the discussion they had before he was knocked unconscious. Chitoge merely lied and said that a couple of the yakuza thugs trapped them in the storeroom and that he had hit his head while trying to find a way out. She was grateful that Raku bought the lie. As the two exited the store house they saw a large group of yakuza waiting for them. One of the yakuza members grabbed the lantern that Chitoge was still holding and said, “I almost forgot to get that one thing for the boss.” A few seconds later the man came running out. “Somebody get a mop, there’s piss all over the storeroom floor.”

Chitoge’s face went beet-red as the men began muttering amongst themselves. The men noticed this and turned their attention to her. Any hope of getting out of this scot free had just been shattered. At that moment she wanted to cry, but she knew that doing so would be the equivalent of admitting guilt. Her pride forced her to stare them down. Suddenly Raku stepped in front of her. “I’m sorry guys, but that piss puddle is my fault,” lied Raku. “I had to go really bad and just couldn’t hold it anymore. Don’t worry, I’ll clean it up.”

“Nonsense, young master,” uttered one of the thugs.

“Yeah, it was our fault that this happened so we should clean it up,” added another one.

“Thanks guys,” said Raku as he grabbed Chitoge’s hand and began leading her away. “We’re going to go finish studying now.”

“GOOD LUCK!” they all shouted in unison.

As soon as they were far enough away from the group, Raku released his grip. Chitoge asked, “Hey beansprout, how much of what happened in the storeroom do you actually remember?”

“I have no idea what you’re talking about gorilla girl,” smiled Raku.

“Thank you,” whispered Chitoge in English. Her voice was so quiet that what she said almost wasn’t audible.

“What was that?” asked Raku as they continued to make their way to his room.

“Nothing,” said Chitoge as she moved past him. Raku quickly changed his pace to match hers.

“You’re welcome,” he whispered back in English. It was enough to make Chitoge stop in her tracks.

“Wait a second, you heard exactly what I said, didn’t you? I also bet that you remember our conversation in the storeroom as well.”

“Who’s to say,” laughed Raku as he took off running.

“Get back here so I can pummel you!” screamed Chitoge as she chased him. All the while she had a smile on her face. She couldn’t help but think that maybe Raku wasn’t such a bad guy after all. Maybe given time she could learn to fall for him. Just maybe.

