Becca’s Summer in the Fairy Land

Author: Caraxes

*013*2023-10-27 15:40

Chapter 7: Elaborate Wedding Dresses

Amidst the festivities of the wedding, Becca found herself engaged in a conversation with Eleanor and Valestra. The topic was the profitability of the magical plough industry, explained in great detail by two incredibly handsome elves. They were tall, with sharp angular features, and their skin was a shade of pale blue that shimmered slightly when they moved. Their eyes, deep green and gold, held intelligence and wit. However, as fascinating as their conversation was, Becca's mind began to wander. She realized that she hadn't seen Lola in a while.

A sudden sense of concern overcame Becca. She knew Lola had taken a love potion, and the effects of it worried her. She interrupted the elves' passionate discourse, "Has anyone seen Lola?"

Eleanor, sensing Becca's growing distress, placed a comforting hand on her arm. "My mother took her to the pleasure tent. It's probably the best place for her right now. Once she... well, experiences release, she'll feel much better," Eleanor whispered.

Becca's cheeks flushed with a mixture of relief and embarrassment. "Oh," she murmured. But her mind, ever curious and filled with the allure of the magical world, began to wander once more. She started to think about Eleanor and the unspoken tension between them. She thought about how it would feel to be close to Eleanor, to feel her touch, to... experience pleasure with her. The tingling sensation at the base of her spine told Becca she was not indifferent to the idea.

Suppressing her thoughts, she glanced down at her elaborate midnight blue dress adorned with twinkling stars. The dress hugged her body, flowing down to the ground, and was fastened with intricate clasps and ties, making it difficult to remove without assistance. The very idea of Eleanor helping her out of it sent another rush of heat through Becca.

As she imagined this scenario, she found herself picturing Eleanor in her own stunning attire: a flowing gown that seemed to be spun from gossamer and moonlight. The light fabric clung to Eleanor's figure, giving her an ethereal glow. Becca's mind raced, imagining what lay beneath the dress and how it would feel to slowly remove it. She had to shake her head slightly, pulling herself back to the present moment, her cheeks flushed with a mix of desire and embarrassment.

Eleanor, with her keen senses, noticed the slight flush on Becca's face and the distant look in her eyes. "Are you alright, Becca?" she asked, her voice filled with concern.

Caught off guard, Becca's face turned an even deeper shade of red. "Oh, um, yes! Just lost in thought," she stammered, trying to shake off her previous daydream.

Before Eleanor could probe further, a sharp, high-pitched voice cut through the murmurs of the crowd. A short gnome named Glooby, dressed in a dapper suit with a vibrant red bowtie, came rushing towards them. His suit was impeccably tailored, and his small polished shoes clinked on the ground as he ran. A monocle sat neatly over one eye, and his grey beard was neatly combed.

"Eleanor!" he huffed, slightly out of breath from running, "Your sister requests your immediate assistance in her preparation for the ceremony!"

Eleanor nodded, acknowledging the urgency. "Of course, Glooby. Lead the way."

Valestra, Becca, and Eleanor quickly made their way through the sea of guests, following the fast-paced steps of the gnome. As they maneuvered through the crowd, the magnificent willow tree that stood as the centerpiece of the venue came into view. Its trunk was wide and majestic, its branches heavy with shimmering leaves. They reached the base of the tree, and a set of spiraled wooden stairs led them upwards to the top room.

Inside, the room was decorated in delicate pastels, and the soft hum of anticipation filled the air as they prepared to assist the bride in her final moments before the ceremony.

As the door to the bathroom slowly opened, Clarissa, Eleanor's younger sister, stepped gracefully into the room. She was the embodiment of fairy grace and beauty. Her wedding dress was beyond magnificent, seemingly spun from pure moonlight with intricate silver threadwork. Ethereal lace flowed down the dress, each design filled with ancient symbols and patterns that spoke of age-old fairy traditions. The gown shimmered with every movement, catching the light in such a way that it looked like a cascade of twinkling stars.

A group of enchanted bluebirds circled her, adding to the magic of the moment. Their sweet chirps and songs complemented the surreal beauty of Clarissa. They seemed to be trained to create a rotating halo around her, their blue feathers shimmering and glistening.

Clarissa's face was stunningly beautiful, with perfectly proportionate features. High cheekbones, a delicate nose, and full lips painted in a soft rose hue. But it was her eyes that stole the show. They were a deep shade of emerald green, sparkling with mischief and excitement. Her wings, larger and more majestic than most, fluttered softly, giving off a gentle glow. They were translucent with a hint of iridescence, like morning dew on a delicate butterfly's wings.

As she floated closer, an intoxicating scent wafted from her, a blend of jasmine and wild lilies. Her figure was ethereal, her bust perfectly shaped and accentuated by the bodice of her dress, drawing the attention of both Becca and Valestra. They exchanged a glance, clearly taken aback by the stunning bride before them. Eleanor, however, seemed unfazed, perhaps accustomed to her sister's dazzling appearances.

"Clarissa, you look... breathtaking," Eleanor began, but was interrupted by a hint of panic in Clarissa's voice.

"It took hours to get into this dress, Ellie! It's so intricate, and the clasps, oh the clasps, they were a nightmare," Clarissa lamented.

Eleanor's eyebrows furrowed in confusion, "Why is that relevant now?"

Clarissa, with a hint of desperation in her eyes, whispered, "I need to get out of it. Now."

"Why? What's wrong?" Eleanor inquired, genuinely concerned.

A soft blush crept onto Clarissa's cheeks. "I... I need to relieve myself, urgently." Clarissa's confession was met with a mix of surprise and understanding. Eleanor let out a soft chuckle.

"Oh, Clari, always waiting until the last possible moment," Eleanor teased. It was a well-known family joke that Clarissa, with all her glamour and grace, often found herself in desperate situations, having postponed bathroom breaks for one reason or another since they were children.

Eleanor could still remember Clarissa’s most recent accident with clarity. It had been a night of pure enchantment. The renowned singer orc Grark Bluetongue was performing in the fairy glen, and every magical being was in attendance. The air was charged with excitement, with fireflies acting as the concert's natural lighting and creating a shimmering spectacle.

Clarissa, even as a late teenager, was always the epitome of elegance. That evening, she donned a brand new skirt, a lovely shade of lilac, accentuating her beautiful wings and complementing her soft, fair complexion. The skirt was made of a material that shimmered when exposed to moonlight, making it a prized possession in her wardrobe.

Throughout the concert, their mother kept leaning in, whispering reminders to Clarissa. "Remember to go to the toilet before it becomes urgent," she would say, knowing her daughter's tendencies. But Clarissa, immersed in the melodic beats of Grark's songs, waved off her mother's concerns.

As the concert progressed, Clarissa's dancing became more intense. With each song, her movements grew more fervent, her foot taps sharper, her twirls faster. But underneath that joy, there was a battle happening. The constant jiggling and jumping had awakened a burgeoning need. She felt the pressure in her bladder build up, but her stubborn nature, combined with the thrill of the live music, pushed her to ignore the growing urgency.

With each musical note, small spurts of warmth trickled between her thighs. She'd clench her legs together, hoping to stave off any more, telling herself that it was just sweat from dancing. But the slow, warm leaks were undeniable.

Eleanor, always perceptive, noticed the change in Clarissa's dance movements. Instead of the free-flowing twirls, Clarissa's dancing now had an element of restraint. Eleanor's eyes narrowed in on the darkening spot on her sister's lilac skirt, and realization dawned. "Clari, do you need to go?" she whispered, leaning close to her sister's ear.

Clarissa's face turned a shade redder than the ripest berry. "It's not what you think! It's just sweat!" she defended, but her eyes betrayed the truth.

"Come on, let's find you a toilet," Eleanor said, taking charge and grabbing Clarissa's hand. They weaved through the crowd, Eleanor's wings fluttering with urgency, and Clarissa's movements becoming more panicked.

But the concert grounds were sprawling, and the nearest magical toilet was further than Clarissa could bear. With every step, her control wavered, her desperation peaked, and more spurts leaked out, each warmer and wetter than the last. The sensation was a mix of relief and dread, the warm wetness spreading across her thighs and down her legs.

As they neared the toilets, the dam broke. Clarissa, overwhelmed by the weight of her full bladder and the intensity of the situation, lost control entirely. The stream was unstoppable, her lilac skirt now soaked and clinging to her body. A puddle formed around her delicate fairy shoes, and her tears mirrored the cascade below.

Around them, strangers whispered and pointed, their gazes fixated on the drenched fairy. The embarrassment was palpable, and Clarissa's heart ached from the humiliation. She had ignored nature's call, and now, in front of a crowd, she faced the consequences.

The urgency in Clarissa's grip on Eleanor's arm brought her back to the present. "Eleanor! You have to help me with this dress!" she pleaded, her voice breaking.

Eleanor quickly made introductions. "Clarissa, this is Becca, my... good friend," she said with a slight blush, then gestured to Valestra, "and this is Valestra, a talented witch."

Clarissa's eyes widened in hope. "Can you please use your magic to remove the dress?" she asked Valestra with desperation. She tried to maintain her usual refined demeanor, but her mounting distress made it difficult.

Valestra sighed and shook her head. "Unfortunately, removing such an intricate dress with magic could damage it irreparably. And when I reform it, the dress might not be the same. Besides," she added, glancing at Clarissa's form, "that would leave you bare for everyone to see."

Clarissa blanched at the thought. Her graceful poise momentarily faltered. She always upheld an air of elegance, even in the direst of situations. "Then we have to try the traditional way," she muttered, almost to herself.

The process of removing the dress was no simple task. The intricate lacing, the hidden clasps, and the tiny buttons seemed never-ending. The dress, designed to accentuate Clarissa's beauty, now felt like a trap that held her captive. As Eleanor, Becca, and Valestra worked on different parts of the dress, the tension in the room was palpable.

Each minute felt longer than the last, and as they fumbled with the dress, soft, delicate farts began to escape Clarissa, marring the air with an undeniable scent. Eleanor, ever the attentive sister, noticed the change. "Clari," she whispered, pausing in her task of undoing a stubborn clasp, "do you need to... you know, not just pee?"

Clarissa's cheeks, already flushed from her urgency, deepened in hue. "I may have taken Red Cactus Berries in my elixir earlier. They help slim the waist," she admitted sheepishly, the glamour of the moment dissipating.

Becca's fingers faltered as she worked on a section of lace. The soft, intermittent farts continued, becoming harder to ignore. However, she focused on the task at hand, doing her best to provide Clarissa with some semblance of dignity.

The situation was turning more dire by the second, and the three women raced against time, determined to free Clarissa from the confines of her beautiful prison before disaster struck.

As the seconds ticked on and the complicated layers of the dress seemed to resist every attempt to remove them, desperation turned into panic for Clarissa. The regal aura that had surrounded her earlier had almost completely evaporated, replaced by sheer, raw need.

"Please, someone, anyone!" she cried out, her voice rising several octaves, filled with urgency and losing the elegant tone it usually carried. "I need someone to help me hold it in, press on it, something, anything!"

She began to dance in place, her heels clicking anxiously on the floor. The previous air of sophistication was now replaced by a young, desperate fairy overwhelmed by her bodily urges.

"I can't hold it much longer!" she shouted. "Someone, please, press against me! My butt, my crotch, anywhere!"

Becca, though initially taken aback, couldn't bear to see Clarissa in such distress. Taking a deep breath, she decided to do the unthinkable. She reached out, her hand trembling slightly, and placed it awkwardly against Clarissa's crotch, hoping against hope that the pressure would buy the fairy some time.

Clarissa let out a gasp, her entire body sagging in relief. For a few seconds, she ground herself against Becca's hand, the desperate pressure helping stem the tide. The sensation of her touch, the warmth and the dampness of the fabric beneath Becca's fingers, left no doubt about the gravity of the situation.

But, despite Becca's brave efforts, it wasn't enough. A warm wetness soon began to seep into her hand as Clarissa let out a spurt of pee. The fabric, though thick and luxurious, quickly became saturated, and Becca felt the unmistakable heat and dampness as the pee began to flow.

The usually composed and refined Clarissa now looked like a deer caught in headlights. "It's... it's happening," she murmured, her voice thick with disbelief. "I'm actually peeing myself. Here. Now. On my wedding day!"

Tears of frustration welled in her eyes as she continued her lament. "Of all the days, why today? He's going to leave me at the altar! I'll be the laughingstock of the entire realm!" The weight of the impending humiliation seemed to crash upon her all at once.

Eleanor, sensing the need for reassurance, stepped forward. "Clarissa, accidents happen, even to the best of us. We'll sort this out. The wedding isn't for a little while yet. We'll find a way!"

But as she spoke, a series of soft, unmistakable sounds filled the room. Clarissa's face turned a shade redder, if possible. The gentle twittering of bluebirds that had previously circled her turned into alarmed squawks as they scattered, driven away by the unsavory sounds.

"Oh no, not that too," Clarissa whimpered, her voice on the edge of panic.

She turned to Becca, her eyes wide with desperation. "Please, can you... umm, can you hold there too?" She motioned towards her rounded rear end, now starting to betray her in more ways than one.

But before Becca could react, Valestra stepped in, placing her hand against Clarissa's buttocks, pushing with gentle but firm pressure. The witch's eyes widened in surprise. "By the stars, I can feel it. Something's pressing against the fabric."

Clarissa's face turned from red to purple. "I can't... I can't believe this. I can feel it coming out. It's... it's sliding out. How can this be happening?" She looked as though she was about to faint from the sheer humiliation of it all.

Throughout all this, her attempts to act refined and ladylike had crumbled completely, giving way to raw, unfiltered panic. She was now fully and hopelessly at the mercy of her body's betrayals.

Valestra, sensing an opportunity to lighten the mood, chimed in, "Clarissa, if it’s any consolation, there was a time when I had to find relief in a rather undignified manner as well."

Clarissa shot her a puzzled look through tear-brimmed eyes.

"During a voyage to the Canyon of the Miners, I had taken too much fairy root tea. The pressure built up rapidly, and my farts were uncontrollable," Valestra confessed, trying to ease Clarissa's humiliation with her own tale. "I remember the heat under my robes and the discomforting swampiness of my underwear. Every step felt like a gamble."

She paused, drawing a deep breath. "I couldn’t make it to a proper facility, so I had to duck behind a bush and do the deed. The sensation of logs finally escaping and the relief of empty bowels... I was lucky to find that bush."

Clarissa's face went from shock to disgust. "You actually found that relieving? And you never actually soiled yourself!" She shrieked, on the verge of a breakdown. "I wish you’d actually had an accident in your robes, just so you'd know the true shame of it."

Valestra, taken aback, looked as though she'd been slapped. She recoiled, her eyes wide in surprise. "I only meant to—"

But before she could finish, Clarissa groaned in distress, her face contorted with the undeniable sensation of losing control. "It's happening... I can't stop it," she whimpered as the unmistakable sounds filled the room.

Eleanor, ever the protective sister, rushed to Clarissa's side. "Clarissa, it's alright. Everyone has accidents. I mean, remember the griffin migration Becca and I went to? I had an accident then." She shot Becca a look, a mix of apology and gratefulness for their shared experience.

Clarissa's heaving sobs filled the room, the weight of her humiliation becoming too much. The glitzy surroundings and grandeur of her wedding now a stark contrast to the raw, human vulnerability she was experiencing.

Clarissa's mortification reached its peak, and she wrenched away from her friends, desperately trying to remove her dress. Wings fluttering rapidly, their silver luminescence reflecting her distress, she managed to undo only a few ties before giving up. She ran to a secluded corner, tears streaming down her face, and sank down, gathering the layers of her extravagant dress around her.

The room fell silent, save for Clarissa's soft whimpers and the rustling of her dress. The sensation of letting go after trying so hard to hold on was overwhelming. A warmth spread between her legs as she began to release her pee, the soft hiss filling the room. The musky aroma of pee mixed with the fragrant air, starkly contrasting the room's elegance.

Soon after, Clarissa's face turned a deep shade of red as she also gave in to the uncontrollable urge to poop. The pressure was intense, and with a shaky breath, she let out a soft groan as the logs began to escape. The feeling of relief was immediate and profound, but the embarrassment was even more so. The mushy forms filled her floral underwear, and some began to escape from the leg holes, landing softly on the ground beneath her, releasing a more pungent smell.

Valestra, Eleanor, and Becca watched in mixed emotions. Valestra's eyes were wide in sympathy, having never thought her attempt to comfort Clarissa would lead to this. Eleanor's face was a picture of sisterly concern, her heart aching for Clarissa's humiliation. Becca, feeling out of place in this deeply personal moment, turned away, trying to provide Clarissa some semblance of privacy.

The room remained silent, the heavy scent of pee and poop a reminder of the stark reality of the moment amidst the fantasy setting. Clarissa's breathing began to even out, the wetness beneath her a testament to her lost battle. The warmth of her accident spread through her dress, contrasting with the coolness of the room. The tangy scent of pee and the more robust odor of poop now dominated the room.

After what felt like an eternity, Eleanor, gathering her composure, approached her sister. "Clarissa," she whispered softly, her voice full of compassion, "we're here for you. We'll get you cleaned up."

*014*2023-10-31 19:02

This chapter is dedicated to @Bucketman

Chapter 8: Dreamhopping

In the glowing heart of Luminara, Eleanor and Becca were strolling through the meandering pathways, their eyes searching for the famed apothecary. The magical apothecary was nestled in the heart of Luminara, tucked away in a winding alley that shimmered with bioluminescent plants. The exterior was an old wooden structure with ivy creeping up its sides. From a distance, it looked like any typical fairy-tale shop, but up close, its true magic was revealed.

Floating glass jars, filled with vibrant colored concoctions, adorned the shop's windows. Some jars contained luminescent liquids while others housed animated miniature creatures, like fluttering pixies or fire-breathing dragons no bigger than a thumb. Occasionally, a jar would zoom out of its place and position itself at the entrance, trying to entice a potential customer.

The door was an arched wooden frame, with a chime made of crystal that sang a different tune every time someone entered. Upon entering, one was greeted by the pleasant aroma of various herbs, magical dust, and enchanted potions that filled the air.

Shelves lined the walls, housing a myriad of artifacts: vials of dreams, bottled laughter, dried phoenix feathers, unicorn horn shavings, and even memories encapsulated in crystal balls. A large wooden counter sat at the back, often manned by the shop clerk who seemed to have a potion or charm for every ailment or desire.

Becca, ever the human in this magical realm, was fascinated by the bottles that floated in the air and the broomsticks that cleaned on their own.

Eleanor approached the old gnome manning the counter, her wings fluttering with a mix of excitement and anticipation. The gnome, with his silver beard and wise eyes, peered curiously at Eleanor, recognizing her as one of the regulars.

"We're looking for a special potion today," Eleanor began, glancing briefly at Becca, who gave an encouraging nod.

The gnome raised an eyebrow, intrigued. "Go on..."

"We've heard of a dream potion that allows one to walk in someone else's dreams. We want to enter the dream of a dear friend in the human world and play a harmless prank on her. Just to add a touch of magical fun to her life," Eleanor explained, her eyes sparkling with mischief.

Becca added, "It's all in good fun. We've been close since childhood, and pranking each other has always been our thing."

The gnome chuckled, "Ah, the joys of youthful camaraderie. I might have just what you need." He rummaged behind the counter for a moment before producing a delicate vial filled with a swirling, shimmering liquid that seemed to glow with its own inner light.

"This," he said, holding the vial up for them to see, "is the Dreamwalker Potion. It will allow you to traverse the dreamscape and enter the dreams of your chosen person. But use it wisely," he added with a stern look, "the realm of dreams is unpredictable, and things might not always go as planned."

Eleanor nodded, understanding the weight of the gnome's words. "Thank you. We'll be careful, I promise."

The gnome smiled, handing the vial to Eleanor. "May your prank bring joy and laughter, and may you find your way safely back from the world of dreams."

As Eleanor and Becca stepped out of the dimly lit apothecary, the sunlight of Luminara greeted them, casting a warm glow on the bustling magical marketplace around them. Holding the precious vial securely, Eleanor couldn't help but give an exhilarated twirl, her wings catching the light, scattering a myriad of colors.

Becca laughed, watching her friend's antics, her own excitement bubbling over. "I can't believe we're going to do this!" she exclaimed, clutching Eleanor's arm playfully.

Eleanor, her face lit up with mischief, replied, "Neither can I! This is going to be the prank of the century!"

As they made their way through the throngs of magical beings—elves haggling over prices, centaurs examining fresh produce, and gnomes showcasing their newest inventions—the two friends giggled and whispered, already scheming about the delightful surprise they'd spring on Lola in her dream.

With every step, the anticipation grew, the streets of Luminara echoing with their laughter, resonating with the promise of an unforgettable adventure.

————

Back at Eleanor’s house, the two friends sat on the edge of her bed, potion in hand. "Ready to have some fun in Lola's dream?" Eleanor giggled.

They drank the potion and felt a drowsy warmth envelop them. Lying down, they wrapped their arms around each other.

The room was dim, with only the soft luminescence of enchanted candles casting a gentle light. Eleanor's bed, adorned with silken sheets and plump, feathery pillows, seemed inviting. As they both laid down, the dream potion began to exert its pull, lulling them into a dreamy stupor.

At first, their movements were restless, the transition between reality and the dream realm not entirely smooth. They turned and shifted, the magic within them interacting unpredictably with the potion. As the boundaries of consciousness blurred, their bodies gravitated closer.

Eleanor's fingers, almost instinctively, began to slide up Becca's side, slipping under her shirt, tracing soft patterns on her skin. The touch was tender, an unconscious reflection of the deep bond and trust they shared. Lost between reality and dreams, their closeness seemed only natural.

The potion continued its work, and soon, their breathing synchronized, their shared heartbeat a soft lullaby. The boundaries between them melted as they drifted into a dream, holding onto each other for comfort and familiarity amidst the unpredictable world of dreams they were about to navigate.

——

The dreamscape of Becca’s grandparents’ town was bizarre, a fluctuating realm of weirdness. They floated through an amalgamation of dreams.

It was a kaleidoscope of emotions, memories, and abstract thoughts, each one as unique as the person dreaming it.

First, they found themselves standing on a floating island made entirely of cheese. Gouda mountains and brie rivers were everywhere, and walking cheese people milled about. They realized they had stumbled into the dream of the local deli owner, Mr. Peterson, who apparently had cheese on his mind quite often.

Next, they hopped into the dream of Miss Penelope, the school librarian. Here, books flew around like birds, flapping their covers and reciting their contents. The skies were pages of an open book, and the ground felt like leather-bound covers. Libraries grew like trees, and every leaf was a page from a story.

Suddenly, the scene changed, and they were underwater. Fish with human legs walked around, gossiping about the latest oceanic news. Seahorses rode bicycles, and the water was filled with bubbles shaped like little hearts. This was young Tommy's dream, the boy who had recently won the town's swimming competition.

In another swift transition, they were amidst a parade. But instead of people, the parade consisted of giant walking vegetables playing instruments. There was a carrot playing a flute, a broccoli playing drums, and a tomato cheerfully strumming a guitar. Mrs. Green, the town's vegan activist, was surely behind this dreamy spectacle.

However, amidst these quirky dreams, they also encountered serene ones. They stepped into a dream where the entire world was painted in soft pastel hues. Gentle breezes carried the scent of blooming roses, and the sound of distant, calming music played. They realized they were in the dream of old Mrs Smith, who always spoke of the peaceful times of her youth.

Hopping from dream to dream was both exhilarating and disorienting. They witnessed hopes, fears, memories, and random musings, each more bizarre than the last. But amid all the chaos, Eleanor and Becca held onto each other, anchoring themselves in their shared mission to find Lola's dream.

They floated through one where Becca's grandfather was flying, another where her grandmother was teaching a classroom full of squirrels and Becca realized they were getting closer.

Becca and Eleanor finally landed in Lola's dream, which was unlike any they'd seen so far. The landscape was a vibrant mix of Cambridge's historic buildings and the magical flora of Luminara. Ivy-covered brick walls surrounded a pristine lake where will-o'-the-wisps danced over the water. Owls with spectacles flew around, carrying stacks of books, and centaur students were discussing academic topics while unicorns sipped tea elegantly at the lakeside.

Lola herself was there, in a grand hall resembling a library. She was surrounded by books, but instead of reading them, she was conducting them like an orchestra. Each book would open and notes, instead of words, would float out, joining the grand symphony that echoed through the dream.

However, amidst the harmonious dream, Becca noticed Eleanor shifting her weight from foot to foot, her eyes darting around as if searching for something. "Eleanor, are you alright?" she whispered, noting Eleanor's slight grimace.

Eleanor began to fidget, her face taking on a shade of discomfort. "I really need to pee," she whispered back.

"In a dream?" Becca laughed.

Eleanor's wings fluttered anxiously. "I can't help it! It feels real!"

Eleanor was wearing a radiant gown made of gossamer that shimmered with every move she made. The gown was both beautiful and practical for the journey, but it seemed to be getting in the way as Eleanor began to dance in desperation. Her soft, translucent wings fluttered rapidly, giving away her growing discomfort. "I...I didn't think I'd need to pee in a dream," Eleanor admitted, her voice filled with urgency.

Becca tried to suppress her amusement, "Well, we are technically in Lola's dream. Maybe there's a restroom around here somewhere?"

Eleanor nodded, holding the hem of her dress as she hurriedly looked around, trying to find a place to relieve herself, all the while attempting to maintain some level of composure.

Becca could see the increasing desperation in Eleanor's eyes but still leaned in close and whispered, "Can you hold on just a bit longer? We haven’t pranked Lola yet, and we came all this way."

Eleanor’s eyes darted between the hall where Lola was engrossed in her orchestra of books and the vast dreamy landscape beyond. The urge was overwhelming, but her mischievous side was not ready to give up on the prank. "Alright," she hissed through gritted teeth, squeezing her thighs together. "But it better be quick!"

Becca smiled, knowing how the dream realm worked. "Just imagine what you want to happen, and it will," she instructed. Together, the two focused their energies on creating a little mischief. They visualized a fluffy white rabbit, its fur pristine and eyes shining with mischief. In a puff of shimmering blue smoke, the rabbit came into existence, hopping energetically toward Lola.

The bunny circled Lola before hopping onto her lap. Lola, entranced by its cuteness, was caught off guard when the rabbit quickly began to nibble away at her clothing. Within moments, her dress started to disintegrate, leaving her well-endowed nude form in full view of the dream realm.

Lola gasped in shock, her face turning a shade of red that contrasted vividly with the dream's landscape. She tried to cover herself with books, which just let out musical notes and floated away. The situation was both awkward and hilarious.

Becca and Eleanor burst into laughter, their prank a complete success. But amid her giggles, Becca could see Eleanor's face turning a deep shade of crimson, not just from laughter but from the sheer effort of holding back her desperate need to pee.

The dream shifted as Becca and Eleanor used their combined power to adjust the narrative. Suddenly, Lola was inside a grandiose classroom of Cambridge University. Tall wooden shelves lined the walls, filled with countless aged tomes, their leather spines gleaming in the soft candlelight. The singing books had vanished, replaced by the gentle rustle of paper and the faint ticking of an ornate grandfather clock.

Before Lola stood a dashing elf with long, silvery hair cascading down his shoulders, emerald eyes that twinkled with mischief, and a figure that exuded confidence. Their eyes met, and an electric charge filled the room. He reached out, taking her hand, pulling her close. With his other hand, he traced gentle patterns up her arm, sending shivers down her spine.

Lost in the moment, Lola's breathing became heavier, her body responding to the elven seduction. She began to touch herself, caressing her curves, her fingers tracing paths of pleasure. In the confines of the dream, it felt so real, so intimate.

Eleanor shot a cheeky look at Becca, and with a shared grin, they began to manipulate the dream further. The walls of the classroom started to dissolve, replaced by the vast openness of a public square in Cambridge. Pedestrians, scholars, and students began to materialize, going about their daily routines. As the scene solidified, Lola became the center of attention.

Suddenly aware of the growing crowd around her, Lola's eyes widened in horror. Her pleasure turned to sheer embarrassment. Her hands, which had been exploring her body moments ago, now desperately tried to cover her nudity. A gasp escaped her lips as she attempted to cover her bouncing breasts, her face a deep shade of crimson.

Eleanor and Becca clutched each other, stifling their laughter. Their prank had been more successful than they could have ever imagined. But amidst their triumph, Eleanor's bladder reminded her of its pressing demand, causing her to squirm all the more.

Eleanor's frantic squirming drew Becca's attention, pulling her momentarily from the humorous scene they'd set up for Lola. "Becca, did you read anything about... you know... if what happens in the dream might happen in the real world?" Eleanor's voice was tinged with panic, her fingers tightly gripping the fabric of her dream skirt.

Becca looked confused for a moment. "What are you talking about?"

Eleanor whispered, "If I pee here, in the dream, will I... you know... wet the bed in real life?"

Becca bit her lip, trying to recall any specifics from the potion's description. "I didn't read any instructions about that, but come on, it's just a dream. It's not like dream events have real-life consequences, right?"

Eleanor's eyes widened, clearly not comforted by Becca's words. "I'm not so sure," she murmured, looking increasingly distressed.

Rolling her eyes playfully, Becca decided to take action. Concentrating hard, she visualized a posh restroom, similar to those they had in the fairy realm. Slowly, it materialized before them, its walls adorned with intricate golden patterns and bright flowers. A pristine, porcelain toilet with shimmering water stood invitingly in the middle.

"There," Becca declared with a triumphant grin, "Just to be on the safe side. After all, even if it's just a dream, it's better to be comfortable, right?"

Eleanor breathed a sigh of relief, flashing a grateful smile at Becca. "Thank you," she whispered before hurriedly making her way to the dream toilet.

Lola's eyes, previously clouded with the dream haze, sharpened with clarity as she recognized the familiar figures of Eleanor and Becca amidst the dream chaos. Her embarrassment from being exposed was now replaced with fiery indignation.

"You! You did this!" Lola exclaimed, her voice echoing through the dream realm, her naked form striding with purpose towards them.

Eleanor, who was steps away from the safety of the restroom Becca had conjured, stopped abruptly. Her face turned a shade redder, the pressure in her bladder making her dance uncomfortably on the spot.

Without any warning, Lola lunged at Becca, the force of the tackle sending both of them tumbling to the ground. Becca, caught off guard, could only let out a gasp before Lola's fingers began their ticklish assault.

Becca's soft laughter filled the dreamy air as she writhed and twisted, trying to escape Lola's relentless fingers. Her curly brown hair fanned out around her head, her bright blue eyes sparkling with tears of mirth. Her flowery dress, which had seemed so elegant moments ago, now became a canvas for the playful fight, riding up slightly and exposing her delicate ankles.

Lola, despite her state of undress, was fully engaged in the tickle assault, her face a mask of playful vengeance. The ethereal light of the dreamscape highlighted her sculpted curves, making her seem more of a work of art than an embarrassed victim of a prank. As she leaned over Becca, her generous breasts dangled teasingly close to Becca's face, jiggling with every movement.

Eleanor, still dancing in place and clutching her skirt, watched the playful scene unfold before her, a mix of amusement and desperation evident on her face.

With urgency, both from the situation unfolding before her and her own pressing need, Eleanor lunged forward to separate the two girls. Her sudden motion, however, did not bode well for her already desperate bladder. A hot spurt of pee escaped, dampening the delicate lace of her panties. The pale lavender hue of her undergarments, decorated with tiny sparkling star motifs, darkened slightly where the pee made contact. The silky material clung to her skin, unable to absorb the moisture quickly, which led to a growing warm wetness between her thighs.

The sensation of wetness only intensified Eleanor's urgency, her face flushing with a mix of embarrassment and concern. As she reached for Lola, trying to pry her away from Becca, her focus was split between the immediate situation and the dread of fully wetting herself in this dream realm.

As Eleanor's grip tightened around Lola, the latter's reflexes kicked in. With surprising agility, especially given her state of undress, Lola spun around, reversing their positions. Eleanor found herself pinned to the dreamy ground below, the cold sensation of the floor sharply contrasting with the heat of embarrassment burning across her face.

But then, to Eleanor's shock, Lola clambered up and sat directly on her face, her bare crotch pressing against Eleanor's nose and mouth. The musky, intimate scent of Lola filled her senses, a mix of sweat and her natural essence, undoubtedly heightened by the intense dream situation they found themselves in.

With a mischievous glint in her eye, Lola began to tickle Eleanor, her fingers dancing over Eleanor's sides, armpits, and belly. Each laugh, each attempt to twist away, only increased the pressure on Eleanor's already desperate bladder. The sporadic leaks she had been experiencing began to merge, and she felt a more consistent dampness spreading.

The combination of Lola's weight on her, the relentless tickling, and the strain of trying not to release her bladder was pushing Eleanor to her limits. Panic set in as she realized she might not only wet herself in this dream but also in the waking world. Her breathing became ragged, punctuated with desperate giggles, as she tried to push Lola off and buy herself a few more precious moments.

“Stop! Lola, stop, I'm going to... I'm going to wet myself!" Eleanor's voice was thick with desperation. Each tickling movement was like a direct jolt to her overfull bladder.

Lola, caught up in the wildness of the dream, hesitated for a moment, looking down into Eleanor's frantic eyes. That split-second was all Becca needed. With a determined roar, she lunged at Lola, using all her weight to tackle the naked girl off Eleanor.

The two of them, Lola and Becca, rolled on the dreamy ground, locked in a fierce, wrestling embrace. Becca's priority was clear: to distract Lola long enough for Eleanor to find some relief.

Taking advantage of the diversion, Eleanor stumbled to her feet. Her legs felt like jelly, and her panties were damp from the small leaks. The urgency of her bladder was almost unbearable. She bolted towards the toilet they had manifested earlier, praying that it functioned like a real one.

Each step sent ripples of urgency through her, her bladder protesting with all its might. She could hear the scuffling of Becca and Lola behind her, but all she could focus on was the impending relief.

Eleanor, her heart racing with panic, felt the unmistakable warmth spreading across her thighs. Each moment that passed felt like a decade as her desperation grew. She tugged at the hem of her gossamer dress, her fingers clumsy in their haste. The dress clung to her like a second skin, the ethereal material refusing to give way. The soft murmurs of the dream faded away as the pressure built, culminating in the first betraying spurt.

"No, no, no!" she whimpered, feeling the wetness expanding, dampening the dress and causing it to stick to her even more.

With one last, desperate yank, Eleanor managed to wriggle the dress over her head. It fell away, leaving her in just her drenched panties which clung to her like a wet veil. Without even thinking, Eleanor plopped down onto the toilet, not even bothering to pull her damp panties down. At long last, she sat and released. The sound of her relieving herself echoed around her, almost deafening in the silence of the dream.

The feeling of release, of pressure being lifted, was immediate and all-consuming. Eleanor's body sagged in relief, her forehead resting against her palm as she took in deep, shaky breaths. The warmth between her legs was uncomfortable, but in that moment, the embarrassment was secondary to the sheer relief.

The sensation was overwhelming – the warmth, the realization that she had narrowly avoided total embarrassment. As the sound of rushing water filled the dream air, Eleanor took a moment to catch her breath, hoping beyond hope that when she awoke, the real-world repercussions weren't too severe.

———

Eleanor's eyelids fluttered open, the murky darkness of her dream replaced with the dim morning light of her own room. The immediate sensation of cool wetness beneath her sent her heart into overdrive. Panicking, Eleanor shot up, her hands frantically touching the drenched sheets beneath her.

The realization hit her like a ton of bricks; she had wet the bed.

Her soft blue pyjamas clung to her uncomfortably, the fabric darkened by the unmistakable wet patch that had spread up her butt and onto her back. The soft bed she cherished now bore the weight of her accident, the sheets forming a considerable puddle where she had been laying moments before.

Feeling the warm wetness against her skin, Eleanor turned her attention to Becca, whose face had a look of surprise. Becca's nightgown too was darkened, particularly where Eleanor's body had pressed against her during their shared slumber. The pee had seeped through, leaving Becca in a similar state of drenched shock.

Their eyes met, and a tidal wave of embarrassment crashed over Eleanor. She had not only wet herself but had also managed to soak her friend in the process. The remnants of the dream intertwined with the real-life mortification, making Eleanor wish she could just vanish. The dream potion had certainly delivered more than they had anticipated, merging the dream with an embarrassing reality.

Becca slowly sat up, peeling away the wet fabric of her pyjamas that clung to her body. As the nightwear slid off, revealing Becca's natural form beneath, Eleanor tried to avert her eyes, but her gaze inadvertently caught the soft curve of Becca's hips and the delicate shadow of her bush.

Eleanor's cheeks flushed with a mix of embarrassment and a newfound warmth, her sobs growing louder. The weight of the situation bore down on her, tears streaming down her face as she choked out apologies.

Becca gently stepped closer, her feet padding softly on the wooden floor. Raising a hand to Eleanor's tear-streaked face, she cradled it, her thumb softly caressing Eleanor's cheek. "It's okay, El," she whispered soothingly, her voice tender and full of understanding.

Eleanor's blue eyes, shining with tears, met Becca's deep brown ones. Time seemed to stand still as the space between them diminished. Drawn by an unspoken force, their lips met in a gentle, lingering kiss. The world around them faded as they lost themselves in the sensation. The soft pressure of Becca's lips against Eleanor's conveyed a warmth and comfort that words couldn't.

The kiss deepened, driven by an undercurrent of passion that had been brewing beneath their friendship. Eleanor's heart raced, the embarrassment of her accident momentarily forgotten. The world had shrunk to just the two of them and the intoxicating sensation of their lips moving in unison.

When they finally pulled apart, their foreheads rested against one another, breathless and with a newfound understanding. The events of the morning had finally opened a door to a deeper connection between them.

*016*2023-11-02 22:38

{{On 11/1/2023 at 2:31 AM, Bucketman said:

Thank you so much! The chapter was really fun to read and I love how you developed their characters even though it was a request chapter

}}

Glad you liked it! It was definitely important for advancing the feelings between Eleanor and Becca.

*017*2023-11-06 17:20

Chapter 9: Assassins in the Walls

Amid the shadows of Gorros Uxor, an elf named Althrial prepared for a mission unlike any she had undertaken before. Althrial, an assassin from the revered Order of Dark Words, was the newest recruit to the order. With her distinctive elven ears, short, tousled brown hair, and intense, piercing eyes that seemed to gaze into one's very soul, she had the look of someone who meant business.

Her body was a testament to rigorous training; lithe, toned muscles stretched beneath her fair skin, her small, pert breasts and pronounced curves evident even in the dim light. The assassin suit she wore was skintight, made from a unique magical material that adapted to her body, accentuating every curve, muscle, and the notable roundness of her backside. The suit, a marvel of elven craftsmanship, was an all-in-one piece. It extended from her toes to her neck, sealing her in a form-fitting embrace. Every time she donned it, she marveled at its snugness and the intricate design that made it almost impossible to remove quickly.

Tonight, however, Althrial was not focused on her suit. Tonight, she had a target: Valestra, the banished Purple Witch. After her humiliating defeat and scandalous public accident, the Council of Warlocks deemed her a liability. They wanted her silenced before she could enact any form of vengeance.

Ascending in a magical hot air balloon powered by moonstones, Althrial's heart raced. The weight of the mission, her very first as an assassin, pressed down on her. A fluttering sensation in her lower abdomen reminded her that she hadn't relieved herself before the journey. She cursed herself mentally for the oversight, but the sensation wasn't unbearable, just a mild discomfort. She hoped it wouldn't become a problem later on.

As Luminara's forests came into view, Althrial took a deep breath and activated her magical dandelion parachute. The large, glowing dandelion slowed her descent, allowing her to land silently near Eleanor's residence.

The house, carved into an ancient tree and illuminated by bioluminescent flowers, was still. Althrial drew a silent breath, her ears picking up the distant murmurs of nocturnal creatures. She cautiously approached, her senses on high alert, the urge to pee becoming slightly more insistent due to her anxiety.

She found an open window on the side of the treehouse and, with the grace only an elf could muster, swung herself inside. The interior was a maze of rooms, furnished with magical artifacts and colorful, fragrant flowers. Eleanor's home was filled with the delicate aroma of blooming roses and elderberries.

Althrial moved stealthily, her sharp ears picking up the distant sound of conversation. Following it, she soon realized it was Eleanor speaking with someone. The soft, soothing tones of the Purple Witch, Valestra, joined the conversation. The two seemed to be discussing magical potions and spells, their voices carefree.

Althrial positioned herself, preparing to strike when the opportunity presented itself. Yet, as the minutes ticked by, the urge in her bladder became harder to ignore. She cursed her nerves and the copious amounts of herbal tea she had consumed earlier.

She considered her options: She could find a quiet spot to relieve herself, but that might risk discovery. Or, she could try to complete her mission quickly and escape. Her professionalism urged her to choose the latter, but she could feel the discomfort growing.

As the conversation between Eleanor and Valestra showed no sign of ending, Althrial weighed her priorities. She decided she would have to find a discreet location to take care of her pressing need and then refocus on the task at hand.

The stakes were high, and Althrial knew she couldn't afford any mistakes, especially with the reputation of the Order of Dark Words on the line. With utmost caution, she began her search for a suitable spot, all the while keeping an ear out for her target and praying she'd remain undetected.

In the dimly lit rooms of Eleanor's treehouse, Althrial, the elf assassin, moved like a wraith. Her trained ears picked up faint murmurs and soft footsteps, forcing her to constantly adjust her path. But as stealthy as she was, there was one thing she couldn't hide from: the growing, pressing urge to relieve herself. Each step, each movement, exacerbated the sensation in her bladder.

Althrial considered various places as potential relief points: an ornate vase in the hallway, a bowl of shimmering water on a wooden table, even a secluded balcony overlooking the magical forest below. Yet each option presented risks — the noise, the possibility of being discovered, the aftermath. As precious minutes ticked away, the weight of the mission and her physical discomfort made her increasingly desperate.

Finding herself in a plush bedroom adorned with moonlit curtains and a soft glowing bed, Althrial believed she had finally found her sanctuary. She sighed in relief, but her respite was cut short by the sound of soft footsteps and a woman's voice just outside the room. The voice seemed familiar but distorted through the wooden door; it was Becca's, but Althrial couldn't possibly know that.

Frantically, Althrial's eyes darted around the room, evaluating her options. She spotted an empty crystal pitcher beside the bed. It seemed ideal. Just as she began to approach it, the shuffling outside grew louder.

Her assassin suit, although perfect for stealth, was a nightmare to remove. Althrial began the slow, painstaking process of peeling the top half of the suit down, feeling the cold air brush against her skin. As it slid off her shoulders and chest, her small, perky breasts were exposed to the chill of the room. Her pink nipples tightened instantly from the cold and the anxiety.

But as she prepared to shimmy the suit down over her curvaceous hips and round butt, the bedroom door handle began to turn. Panic surged through Althrial. Using a quick enchantment, she levitated, sticking herself to the ceiling using a temporary adhesive spell. There she clung, her exposed chest heaving with silent breaths, her need to pee becoming even more pressing.

The door opened, and Becca stepped inside. Oblivious to the desperate elf above her, she began sifting through a cupboard, muttering to herself about finding something. Althrial's legs pressed together, her muscles straining to hold back the impending flood.

As Althrial clung to the ceiling, an unexpected sensation took hold of her. The weight of her full bladder became more pronounced, creating an uncomfortable pressure in her lower abdomen. Each breath, each subtle movement only heightened the awareness of that urgent need. Her body was betraying her, and she silently cursed herself for not relieving herself before embarking on her mission.

With her lithe body stretched out, she could feel the weight of the liquid inside her, pushing downwards, urging for release. The internal muscles contracted involuntarily, working hard to hold back the floodgates. The sensation was comparable to a vise, tightening its grip around her, making it increasingly difficult for her to focus on anything else.

A cold shiver ran down her spine, causing her already taut nipples to harden further, the chill of the room making goosebumps erupt across the smooth expanse of her chest. Her thighs instinctively squeezed together, the muscles tensing in an attempt to help her retain control. But even then, a soft, warm dampness was starting to spread, betraying her desperation.

Thoughts raced through her mind as she tried to distract herself from the impending disaster. Deserts, parched lands, anything arid and dry that might help her focus on something other than the growing moisture between her thighs. But as her desperation grew, so did the sensation of wetness, as if her body was mocking her efforts by making her feel more moist and vulnerable.

Her thoughts became scattered, each one focusing on the impending release. The pressure was building, becoming almost unbearable. Every muscle, every fiber of her being was concentrated on holding back, on not giving in to the intense need to let go. The struggle was palpable, every second feeling like an eternity as she fought against her body's most basic urges.

As the minutes ticked by, with Becca seemingly intent on sorting through every item in the cupboard, Althrial felt small spurts of warmth dampening her suit.

She tried to stifle the flow, but with each passing second, it became harder to contain. A few drops fell from her, hitting the wooden floor below with soft, barely audible patters. Becca paused at the sound, turning her head, her gaze scanning the room, but she didn't look up.

Althrial bit her lip, her eyes closed in concentration. Yet, the strain became unbearable. In the final moments before her control completely unraveled, Althrial's panic reached a fever pitch. As the shadows of the room cast by Becca's movement below flitted past, they seemed to dance mockingly at her dire predicament. The once composed, elite elf assassin found herself engulfed in a rising tide of fear and disbelief.

Each pulse of her heart seemed to echo within, amplifying the sensation of impending doom. Memories of her childhood flashed before her eyes, of a time when she had last felt such vulnerability — those days of innocence before she became the formidable assassin she was now. The irony of it all struck her; how in her most pivotal mission, she was being reduced to such a primal state.

The first few leaks had been subtle, just a slight warmth spreading against her skin. But now, they were becoming more pronounced, frequent, and unmistakable. The dampness in her suit was growing, each leak serving as a harbinger of the deluge to come.

As the sensation of warmth began to spread, Althrial's legs started to tremble, betraying the strain of her efforts. Each shake, every subtle twitch, heightened the urgency of her predicament. Despite all her training, her mental and physical prowess, she was losing the battle.

A sense of hopelessness consumed her. The pressure, which had been building to a crescendo, now reached its breaking point. The desperate clenching of her muscles waned, unable to withstand any longer. In that split second, time seemed to stretch infinitely, the horror of realization that she was about to utterly lose control taking over.

And then, amidst the shadows and silence of the room, the dam broke. The steady stream, once held back by sheer will and determination, now flowed unrestrained. The warm wetness drenched her suit, causing it to cling even tighter to her body, outlining every curve and contour. The feeling of release, though physically relieving, was overwhelmed by her mortification and the knowledge of the mission's jeopardized success.

As the dam broke a steady stream began to flow, the warmth spreading across her thighs and calves. Pee dripped from her suspended position, pooling silently on the floor below. The relief was immense, but it was overshadowed by the shame and panic.

As the last of her bladder emptied, she prayed Becca wouldn't notice the growing puddle on the ground. She had to finish her mission, and the last thing she needed was to be discovered in such a compromising position.

The scream that erupted from Becca's throat echoed throughout the house, a sharp and urgent cry. Her eyes widened in horror as she took in the sight of the half-naked elf assassin clinging to the ceiling, wetness dripping from her and forming a puddle on the floor below. The shock of the situation hit Becca so hard that she felt a warmth spread through her jeans, a wet patch expanding as her bladder involuntarily emptied itself.

Althrial, with lightning reflexes honed through years of training, wasted no time. She sprang from her suspended position, magic knives glinting ominously as they were drawn. As she arced gracefully through the air, Becca's petrified eyes locked onto the elf's, seeing a glint of cold determination.

But just as Althrial was about to land, a powerful gust of magical energy slammed into her, sending her crashing into a nearby wall. Dust and splinters flew as Althrial groaned, dazed.

Standing defiantly in the doorway was Valestra, clad in a plush purple bathrobe and matching fuzzy slippers. The staff she wielded gleamed with latent energy, and her eyes sparkled with a mix of fury and amusement. "You really picked the wrong house, elf," she sneered.

Becca, still coming to terms with the reality of the situation, looked down at her wet jeans and then back to the powerful witch. She was a mess, her heart racing from the combined fear and embarrassment. Yet, the presence of Valestra brought a measure of relief.

Althrial, meanwhile, staggered to her feet, her knives nowhere in sight. The impact had disoriented her, and she found herself at a severe disadvantage against the witch. Her initial mission had been to assassinate Valestra, but in this moment, survival was her primary goal.

"Who sent you?" Valestra demanded, her staff pointed menacingly at the elf. The magical energy pulsed, indicating that she wouldn't hesitate to use it again if provoked.

Althrial, sensing the intensity of the situation and the power differential, hesitated. While she was skilled and had been trained for many scenarios, facing off with a formidable witch like Valestra wasn't something she had anticipated. Her eyes darted to the window, calculating the odds of a successful escape.

The room was charged with tension, as Becca tried to process what she had just witnessed, Althrial strategized her next move, and Valestra stood ready for any signs of aggression. What would happen next was anyone's guess.

The room was a battlefield of tension, the weight of animosity palpable. As the first words were exchanged, it became clear that this confrontation would not be short-lived.

Valestra, confident in her power and irritated by the intrusion, smirked at Althrial. "Such boldness," she taunted, her gaze flicking to Althrial's exposed chest, "Yet your 'assets' seem as limited as your planning. Was this all part of your grand strategy, or did the Order of Dark Words forget to teach you manners and basic self-care?"

Althrial, lips curled into a snarl, replied, "Your mockery won't save you, witch." With a flourish, she summoned her magic sword, Mosquito Bite, from the Aether. The slender blade shimmered, reflecting the dim light of the room. "You will regret crossing me. This blade has ended countless lives. Prepare to be another notch in its history."

Valestra chuckled, her gaze flitting between Althrial's chest and the blade, "Mosquito Bite? How fitting. Was it named after your right breast or your left?"

The verbal sparring only further fueled Althrial's rage. She lunged at Valestra, her sword flashing through the air with lethal precision. The two danced a deadly waltz, Valestra's staff parrying Althrial's quick strikes. Every move, every counter was executed with expertise, proving both were masters of their craft.

As their duel raged on, Valestra's eyes kept drifting to the unmistakable wet patch on Althrial's suit, a smirk forming on her lips. "Look at you," she taunted, "The mighty elf assassin from the Order of Dark Words, reduced to a wet, shivering mess. Is this how you represent your esteemed Order? No wonder you're struggling."

Althrial's face reddened, a mixture of anger and embarrassment. The sensation of the wet suit clung to her body, the moist fabric adding an unfamiliar weight and chafing in places she hadn't thought possible. It felt like a thousand tiny fingers constantly reminding her of her mistake, urging her to feel shame. But instead, anger bubbled up, further fueled by Valestra's taunts.

However, as Valestra watched the elf's visible discomfort, a memory flashed before her eyes. Her own duel with the Red Witch, the shame of wetting herself in front of everyone, the humiliation that came with it. The smirk on her face faded slightly. Could she really mock Althrial when she herself had been in a similar situation?

This hesitation, this momentary lapse in focus, was all Althrial needed. Channeling her anger and drawing upon the meticulous training she received from the Order of Dark Words, she began to move with renewed vigor. Every move became sharper, every attack more precise. The tables started turning, and Valestra found herself on the defensive.

Althrial's years of disciplined training started showing. With fluid motions, she began weaving a complex pattern of strikes, each one a potential deadly blow. Her wet suit, rather than being a hindrance, now moved with her, the moisture aiding her movements, making them slicker and harder to predict.

Valestra realized her mistake, but by then, Althrial's rage, coupled with her elite training, was proving to be an overwhelming force. It was now clear that the duel was swinging in Althrial's favor.

In a surprise move, Althrial managed to outmaneuver Valestra, disarming her of the staff and slicing through her robe with a flick of her sword. The rich fabric fell away, revealing Valestra's purple skin in its entirety, leaving her standing there nude save for her fuzzy slippers.

With her opponent momentarily stunned, Althrial seized the opportunity to go in for the final blow. But as she advanced, her foot caught on the wet patch from her earlier accident. The world spun as Althrial lost her footing.

It was Becca, with adrenaline pumping through her veins, who capitalized on the moment. Grabbing a nearby vase—the very vase Althrial had considered as a potential relief spot earlier—Becca swung it with all her might. The vase connected with Althrial's temple, sending her crashing to the floor, unconscious.

The room settled into a stunned silence, punctuated only by the heavy breathing of the two women left standing. The unexpected turn of events left both in shock, contemplating what had just transpired. The mighty elf assassin had been defeated, not by the powerful witch she came to kill, but by a human woman and her own oversight.

*018*2023-11-13 16:38

Warning: Messing

Chapter 10: The Interrogation

In the heart of Luminara, there existed a prison unlike any other in the realms of magic. Constructed from enchanted obsidian, it shimmered in hues of silver and violet, standing tall against the vibrant, ever-changing skies of the land. The prison was guarded not by gargoyles or beasts but by fairies who fluttered around, their tiny wings glowing softly, casting iridescent glimmers all around.

The prison itself was more a house of reflection than one of punishment. Prisoners weren’t merely incarcerated; they were made to confront their darkest deeds, aided by the ethereal energies of Luminara. Yet, for all its beauty, a heavy feeling of restraint prevailed, reminding everyone of its primary purpose.

Valestra approached the prison, her imposing stature silhouetted against the glows of the evening. Her purple cloak flowed behind her, radiating an aura of sheer power. As the gates of the prison sensed her approach, they opened automatically, acknowledging her elevated status in Luminara.

Inside, she was greeted by the head guard, a fairy named Serinelle, known for her stern demeanor and crystal-clear wings. Without a word exchanged, Serinelle led Valestra to the depths of the prison, to a cell that was specially designed for the likes of Althrial.

The elf assassin was chained, her figure looking small in the spacious cell. Her once sleek black suit appeared worn, its tight fit now revealing signs of distress and recent struggles. As Valestra stepped in, Althrial retreated further, her piercing eyes showing a mix of defiance and fear.

Valestra, leaning in, her voice dripping with a blend of contempt and curiosity, inquired, “Who sent you?”

Althrial, trying to maintain a semblance of her prior confidence, responded, "Why would I tell you?"

Valestra's eyes flashed with annoyance. "Because, dear Althrial, while these chains might restrain you, my magic can make you relive your worst memories, magnify your fears, and break your will."

As a demonstration, Valestra waved her hand, and instantly Althrial felt a rush of emotions, memories of her training, the rigorous tests, and her desperate need from their previous encounter. It was a reminder of her vulnerability.

Gulping, Althrial whispered, "The Council of Warlocks of Gorros Uxor. They feared your quest for revenge and saw you as a lingering threat."

Valestra’s eyes widened in realization. But before she could press for more information, an alarm rang throughout the prison. A breakout was in process. Her interrogation would have to wait.

With a final glance at Althrial, Valestra made her way out, ready to confront the new threat. The games of power and revenge in Luminara were far from over.

Luminara's prison, usually a bastion of peace and reflection, was in utter chaos. Sinister orcs with their bulging muscles and brutish features roared with freedom, goblins scurried with malevolent glee, and trolls, with their towering height and thick, rough skin, smashed whatever lay in their path.

In the midst of this pandemonium, two figures slipped silently through the shadows, their agility and coordination evident. Elara and Draken, both from the same elite Order of Dark Words as Althrial, had been dispatched by the Council of Warlocks. With Althrial's capture, the council had grown impatient. The new plan was simple: release all the prisoners, create chaos, and in that chaos, eliminate Valestra.

Elara, with her long raven-black hair and red-eyed gaze, wielded twin crescent blades. Draken, on the other hand, was a master of shadow magic. With a bald head, marked only by intricate blue tattoos, and a svelte physique, he was the very embodiment of deadly grace.

As they weaved through the prison, dispatching guards with calculated precision, Valestra was already aware. She felt the dark energy even before she saw them, and as Elara lunged at her with a blade, Valestra summoned her staff, deflecting the attack just in time. But Draken was right there, casting dark illusions, making it seem like there were multiple attackers.

However, as the duel intensified, Valestra felt a growing discomfort in her abdomen. She hadn’t anticipated the physical toll the day would take and had carelessly consumed a heavy meal earlier which was now making its presence known. Her stomach churned, and she felt a growing pressure, an urge to defecate that she couldn’t ignore.

Yet, she had to. Focusing on the battle at hand, she deftly dodged another strike from Elara, her purple robes swirling, and sent a blast of energy towards Draken. The urgency in her belly grew, but she fought it with every fiber of her being.

Suddenly, a horde of goblins, seeing an opportunity to take down the formidable witch, joined the fray. The pressure on Valestra was immense, not just from her adversaries but from her own body. Every spell, every movement was punctuated by a grimace of discomfort.

Elara, sensing the witch’s distraction, aimed a low kick at Valestra's stomach. The force of it intensified the witch's need, making her falter. Draken conjured chains of darkness, binding her momentarily.

It looked bleak for Valestra, her body betraying her at the worst moment.

Valestra, as powerful and astute as she was, took a moment amidst the chaos to reflect on her condition. She had fought countless battles, faced countless foes, but never had she been so betrayed by her own body. But as she deflected another blow from a goblin and narrowly avoided Elara's blade, the realization hit her.

The wedding.

In her attempts to console and comfort the humiliated Clarissa, Eleanor's sister, something had felt off. She remembered a brief moment where their hands had met, and she had felt a tingling sensation. It had been so brief, so subtle, that she had dismissed it. But now, it made sense. Clarissa, in her embarrassment and envy of Valestra's composure, must have cursed her.

The curse was doing its job flawlessly. The need to defecate grew more and more intense, distracting her at every turn. Every leap, every dodge, and every spell she cast was overshadowed by the growing pressure. Her abdomen cramped and her body screamed for release.

With Draken's shadow magic and Elara's swift blade movements, Valestra was hard-pressed. She felt cornered, not just by the assassins, but by her own body's treachery. Her usually graceful movements became more erratic as she tried to keep the assassins at bay and suppress her own growing desperation.

She could see the smirks on their faces, the confidence growing with each of their strikes. Yet, Valestra was a force to be reckoned with. Even with the uncomfortable pressure mounting, her spells flew, her staff swung, and she met them blow for blow. The courtyard echoed with the sounds of their deadly dance, Valestra's desperation only fueling her resolve.

But even as she held her ground, the weight of the curse bore down on her, reminding her of the vulnerability and the immediacy of her situation.

Valestra, amidst her own personal battle, kept her wits about her. The feeling of desperation only heightened her awareness, her instincts sharpening like a blade.

As Draken tried to envelope her in shadows, she quickly channeled a brilliant beam of violet light, dispersing the darkness around her. The unexpected intensity of the light blinded him momentarily, his guard dropping just long enough for Valestra to thrust a magical bolt in his direction. It hit him square in the chest, and as it burst into shimmering purple flames, he cried out in pain, falling to the ground and leaving only ashes in his wake.

Elara, seeing her comrade fall, lunged at Valestra with speed and precision. But Valestra was ready. She conjured a mirror-like barrier that reflected not just Elara's image but her momentum as well. As Elara struck the barrier, she was flung back with the same force she had used to attack, sending her crashing into the prison walls.

Valestra approached the fallen assassin, her violet eyes cold and determined. Elara, battered and broken but still conscious, looked up in shock. "You think you've won?" she spat, blood trickling from the corner of her mouth. "The Council won't stop until you're dead. They have eyes everywhere."

Valestra leaned down, her face inches from Elara's. "Let them watch," she whispered menacingly, and with a swift motion, conjured a blade of purple energy, ending the assassin's life.

The adrenaline of the fight began to wane, and the full force of her desperation hit her anew. Valestra, trying to maintain some semblance of dignity, quickly moved to a less visible part of the prison wall. As she heard the sounds of the guards regaining control of the prison and the riot subsiding, she shifted uncomfortably, her body demanding relief.

Valestra's desperation reached its peak just as the last of the assassins was dispatched. She clutched her staff for support, the weight of her recent battles taking its toll on her. Despite her immense powers and skills, she was, after all, still bound by some of the same physical needs and vulnerabilities as anyone else.

As the pressure mounted, she felt her muscles involuntarily relax, and with a soft sigh, the inevitable happened. A muffled sound emanated from beneath her robes, soon followed by the warm sensation of her bowels releasing into her undergarments. The relief was immediate and palpable, as the strain of holding back was replaced by the warmth spreading across her backside. Her breathing deepened, her shoulders sagging with a mix of release and embarrassment.

Her once-pristine purple robes concealed the extent of the mishap, but the bulge forming in the seat of her underwear was a discomfort she couldn't ignore. The feeling of the soft mess pressed up against her was strange and alien, but given her circumstances, it was unavoidable.

Blushing a shade that clashed with her natural purple hue, Valestra tried to regain some semblance of dignity. She adjusted her robes in an attempt to conceal the evidence of her accident. Each step she took was accompanied by an awkward waddle, the sticky mess shifting and making its presence known.

Approaching the captain of the guard, she squared her shoulders, willing herself to maintain her composure. Though the discomfort was evident in her posture, her voice was firm, authoritative, and demanding respect. The captain, well-trained and disciplined, didn't bat an eye, though it was clear he sensed something was amiss.

The matters of the prison and the recent attack took precedence, and Valestra hoped that her unfortunate accident would go unnoticed. However, she mentally noted that once the situation was under control, she'd need to find some privacy and clean up, all the while ruminating on the curse that had brought her to this humbling moment.

Despite the victory over the assassins, the feeling of unease lingered. The Council's dark threat loomed large, and Valestra knew that the battle was far from over. But for now, she had to address her immediate predicament and then plan her next move.

————

Valestra strode through the corridors of the prison with a sense of purpose, the squelching sensation in her underwear reminding her with every step of her recent mishap. Each step was deliberate, the weight of her resolve evident in her posture. The dark corridors echoed her footsteps, and the distant murmurs of the subdued prisoners lent a haunting undertone.

Reaching Althrial’s cell, she paused for a brief moment, taking a deep breath to steady herself before entering. The room was dim, with a faint glow emanating from the runes inscribed on the walls, designed to suppress magic. Althrial sat in chains, her proud elven demeanor broken, her head hung low, the aftermath of the riot evident on her face.

Valestra's voice was cold, determined, "Your comrades, the ones who came to rescue you, are dead."

Althrial's gaze lifted, her eyes widening with shock and disbelief. "Impossible..." she whispered.

"They underestimated me," Valestra's eyes flashed with anger, "just as the Council of Warlocks has. And for that, they will pay."

The Purple Witch's voice was filled with fury and determination, the sheer force of her will palpable in the room. "The Council thinks they can control the fate of Luminara, send assassins after me, and get away with it? They will rue the day they crossed me."

Althrial swallowed hard, her usual confidence replaced by uncertainty. The weight of her situation was becoming clear.

Valestra leaned in closer, her voice a low growl, "You will tell me everything you know about the Council's plans. Every detail."

The cold determination in Valestra's voice, combined with the humiliating state she found herself in, emphasized the depths of her resolve. She wouldn't let anything, not even her own physical discomfort, deter her from her mission of vengeance.

