A Maiden's Willpower (Sakura Wars)

Author: Captain L

*000*2025-02-07 21:42

"Uh, B-Boss? S-something just-"

"Hold on, Kanna. Don't make any sudden movements."

"S-seriously, it's-"

"Honestly, Kanna, you're going to alert the Hive of Darkness with your brutish outbursts!"

The Imperial Combat Revue's Flower Division had been sent on an important mission, to investigate what the vile Hive of Darkness was doing, skulking around an old mansion in Fukagawa. The full Flower Division wasn't dispatched, as Commander Yoneda wanted this to be a low-key reconnaissance mission. So, the three people bunched together in one of the mansion's interior doorways, watching one of the Hive's Hex Mechs, were the captain, Ichiro Ogami; the beautiful star, Sumire Kanzaki; and the team muscle, Kanna Kirishima.

"K-kyah! G-get it off, get away, AAAHHHH!" Kanna wasn't just big and strong, she was a stage actress just like the rest of the Flower Division, so her voice was powerful. Her shriek bounced off the walls, kicked up the thick layer of dust on everything in this building, and definitely alerted the Hex Mech to their presence. It wasted no time hurrying out of the room it was in through the opposite door to theirs.

"Look what you've done, you monkey! Ugh, I just can't work with unrefined amateurs like yourself!" Sumire ran off alone, in pursuit of their enemy, soon disappearing around a corner into the darkness.

"Wait, Sumire!" Ogami, however, made the decision not to go after her. He made the choice to stay with Kanna. "What's going on, Ka-"

"Boss, helphelpHELP!" Kanna stretched her left arm so far that she threatened to dislocate that shoulder, waving it around erratically while she turned her head far away from it, and she deemed even that to be insufficient, for she kept her eyes fiercely closed. Wrapped around the forearm of her sleeve was a thin golden-brown rope, one that glittered in the streaks of light that passed through the cracked walls, almost like it was coated in scales.

Ogami figured it out then, but Kanna made sure the point got across with her continued screams. "Snake! Snake! Snaaaaaaaake!"

He was surprised too, but Ogami leapt into action. "I got it!" Reaching out, he wrapped his hands around the snake's body, not the easiest thing when Kanna refused to keep it still, and tugged on it. The snake, for its part, was not expecting to be so violently manhandled, and despite it circling her arm, it didn't use that to its advantage, and limply allowed itself to be unraveled. Its cooperation was rewarded, as Ogami gently laid it on the floor after pivoting away from Kanna's direction, letting it slither away into a gap in the woodwork. "Alright, it's gone. Are you okay?"

"Hah, hah..." Kanna's chest heaved, long after the snake was gone. She heard Ogami, but she just couldn't find her voice to reply. She shook and shivered, watching the spot the serpent disappeared, all the while stroking the spot it wrapped around to rub all traces of reptile off her. "I-it's gone?"

"I don't think it's eager to come crawling back. Now, were you bitten?"

Kanna rolled up her sleeve and took a close look at her bare wrist. It was a small snake, with small fangs, so she needed to look really closely to spot if anything was out of place. Except, not only was it dark, but Kanna already didn't have the fairest skin, roughed up by years of martial arts and physical training, which left a lot of marks. Her heart stopped as her gaze passed over each and every imperfection, fearing that was the wound, before realizing it was nothing. She had to look very closely to make out what she was looking for.

"Mngh!" She diverted a lot of her focus in the search, perhaps more than she had to safely spare. Her blood ran cold ever since she saw the snake, almost like she was becoming cold-blooded herself, which made that sudden shot of heat all the more shocking. The simple fact that it originated in a woman's sensitive regions only added to the whiplash. "A-agh!" She swayed, her knees buckled, and she stumbled forward.

"Kanna!" Ogami rushed to Kanna's aid, wrapping one arm around her shoulder and placing the other on her stomach to steady her. "What's wrong? Did it really bite you?"

She had to think that over, but eventually, she accepted that she was untouched. "N-no, I'm good..."

Ogami breathed a sigh of relief. "That's good. So what's the problem?"

"W-well, it's..." It wasn't exactly the kind of thing a woman liked to tell a man about. But then again, Kanna was hardly a proper lady, as Sumire so loved to remind her. No point in hiding it, not gonna help anything. "I gotta piss, bad."

To Kanna's credit, she had done a remarkable job keeping the growing problem under control up to now, not letting on that she was troubled, which made the reveal all the more shocking to Ogami. "O-oh, t-that's..."

"Yeah..." Already, she was beginning to regret being so quick to tell the truth to him. "So maybe you could stop pressing on my stomach now? Not making things any easier, Boss."

"Ah, sorry!" Ogami hastily took his hands off Kanna. Maybe a little too quickly, in fact, she wasn't prepared to lose her support all at once, and she slipped. It was only her back hitting the wall that stopped her from falling onto the floor. "Er, I hate to have to ask, but..." Blushing, he looked away, instead choosing to focus on a cobweb in a forgotten corner. "Can you hold it?"

"Hey, don't go belittling me now! Kirishima-style karate, and its practitioners, are the strongest there is! And as a member of the Imperial Combat Revue, I'm not gonna let some little need to leak be the end of meEEP!" Right in the middle of her boasting, her panties got even warmer and wetter in an instant, a flow only stemmed when she slammed her stocky legs together with an audible clap that reverberated through the rest of her body. Kanna wasn't the easily embarrassed sort, but being proven wrong so quickly hit her deep, prompting a vibrant blush to break out, just in time for Ogami to turn back and see her like this, only doubling the display. "Come on, let's get looking for Sumire already. But, if we stumble across the can on the way, I'm using it. Just want to be at my best for what might come. That cool?"

"If you think so. Come on, I'm worried about what could happen to Sumire alone."

"More worried than you'd be about me?"

"Well, I know you can take care of yourself, Koubu or no Koubu."

"Hmph." Kanna smiled, for a second at least, until the cooling dampness sticking her underwear to her privates really brought down her mood. "L-let's hurry."

The two walked out the door Sumire had run through earlier, though not at a particularly hurried pace. I'm not exactly looking forward to seeing that self-absorbed witch again, but... Moving was clearly not making Kanna's struggle any easier; if anything, the bouncing only agitated the shifting mass in her abdomen further. And it made her afraid to pull her legs too far apart as she stepped, as if an opening would prompt it all to come pouring out. Damn, at this rate, we'll never catch up to her. "Boss, you'd probably do better if you went on ahead."

"And leave you behind? I know I said I feel more confident in your well-being, but that doesn't mean I'm going to just abandon you. Come on, don't push yourself." Taking the rear, Ogami draped an arm around his comrade's back, guiding her down the musty halls.

Boss, you idiot! This isn't like the incident with the kid! Ugh... Thanks. I'm really going to owe you one for this. She simply kept quiet, letting Ogami guide her through the abandoned mansion. He took point, examining each detail of their surroundings and calling out for Sumire, while Kanna could focus solely on not peeing her pants. And even that was challenging, she was discovering.

###

"I swear, this place didn't look so big on the outside," Ogami mused, as they wandered down yet another identical-looking hallway.

On that, Kanna had to agree. Sure, it was larger than any home she had ever had, but it had a smaller footprint than the Imperial Theater, and it was only two floors. Yet, it seemed like it never ended, so many rooms that they started to look the same. And that was just the ones they were actually opening the doors to, a number only about half the total.

Oh, Ogami started by checking each and every door. Any one of them could have been a bathroom, after all. But the constant stops, aside from being hard on her constitution, only embarrassed Kanna more and more, just how much he was going out of his way for her. "Don't bother with every one," she had said, "I'm seriously not that bad off yet." And he listened without much protest, now only checking the big doors. Meaning, the ones that, more likely than not, wouldn't be housing a toilet. Real stupid of me to suggest that. And I'm already paying the price.

"Sumire! Sumire!" Ogami kept calling her name, but he'd yet to receive a response of any kind. "You think she's still okay, right?"

"Oh, yeah. If that Hive of Darkness goon found her, he probably let her go when she got too shrill and irritating."

"Come on," he sighed, "why do you both have to be like this? Don't we have something more important to worry about?"

"She's the one that started it! She's the whole reason I'm in this mess! Look, just... Let's just focus on the mission." She wasn't really in the mood to continue this conversation.

Ogami chose to listen to her, and just let the matter go. Which left a vacuum void of awkward silence that neither had any way of filling, and could only be occupied with their own private thoughts.

Kanna's thoughts, in particular, turned back to last night. It was their opening night performance of Journey to the West, with Kanna in the lead role of Son Goku. And it was going great, until Sumire tripped onstage, immediately breaking character and bringing the entire show to a screeching halt. The Flower Division became the laughing stock of the capital that night, all because of Sumire's mistake! And then she had the gall to shift the blame, not take responsibility!

The whole ordeal had exhausted Kanna, to the point that she slept late this morning and missed her daily wakeup workout. In fact, she got up so late, it was already practically time for them to leave. She had to hurry to put on her clothes and rush down to the lobby to leave, and even though she technically got there at their agreed-upon time, Sumire still berated her for keeping them waiting. And even just making that deadline was tight, it left her no chance for anything else.

Now, she wasn't bothered by the loss of some exercise. She kept her body in great shape, one day off wasn't going to kill that. She also skipped breakfast, but she didn't always get three meals a day during training retreats in the mountains, so any hunger wasn't bothering her. The real problem was that she didn't have a chance to use the bathroom this morning, either, a neglected task that was biting her as soon as she descended the lobby stairs. Even if she didn't get to work out, she always took a shower after all that sweating, a place it wasn't unusual she'd take a pee. Something told her it would be a real problem later, that she really should do her business first, but she really was in a rush. Even a minute's detour would make her technically late, and she just knew she'd never hear the end of it from Sumire.

Still, even by the time the three reached the mansion, Kanna was really regretting her decision. As they walked through the front door, she was already wracking her brain for some solution to her predicament. The best she could come up with was "grit your teeth and stop being a wuss". Ugh... Maybe Sumire has a point. Maybe I am too stubborn for my own good. Well, I'm already fixing that, looking for a bathroom. Kind of. She made a token effort to open the next door as she passed it, looked inside, immediately could tell it wasn't a toilet, and moved on with the satisfied knowledge that she wasn't so obstinate, and that Sumire was just being a jerk.

Still, it did get her thinking. If I actually find a can in a place like this, what would it even look like? This whole mansion looks like no one's lived here in a long time, it definitely wouldn't be clean. I've probably used worse, sure, but still... Kanna wasn't really the picky sort when it came to peeing, but it wasn't like she didn't have any standards. She was still a woman, after all.

A woman, albeit one with skewed priorities, a fact that presented itself as they passed one of the windows. Most of them weren't anything interesting, being either boarded up, or so coated in dirt and grime that they were equally impossible to see through. And, even the view through this one was pretty unremarkable, just the grass, shrubbery, and trees that made up their backyard. Yet, all the same, it gave her an idea. "Hey, Boss? I think we should head back down towards the front door, that direction?"

"You think Sumire looped back there?"

"I'm not talking about her. This is for... my problem."

"I... don't think there were any bathrooms down there. At least, it wouldn't be my guess."

Kanna sighed. This whole "indirect" thing isn't for me. Face my opponent straight-on, and just strike to the heart! "Alright, I'll be frank. I can barely think, I need to piss already. We can't look for Sumire and a bathroom at the same time, and we have no idea how long that would take."

"Don't give up, Kanna! Maybe if we rendezvous with Sumire, we can get out of here quickly enough to-"

"Optimistic thinking, Boss, I'll stop you there and tell you there's no chance I'm getting back to the theater in time."

"T-then we find one here! A mansion like this probably has several! We must be close by now!"

"At this point, I don't think I want to use one of the toilets that are here. They're probably disgusting, they might not work, and... and..."

"And?"

Kanna's boldness in making her stance known suddenly dried up, and she had a difficult time finishing her thought. But she wasn't a quitter, and eventually she got it out, even if she had to mumble it. "Have you ever heard those stories about snakes coming up through the toilets?"

"Huh? W-well, yes... B-but I really don't think that's something that actually ha-"

"If it's going to happen anywhere, it's here. A-and I really don't want to take that risk. We know where the front door is. Just let me step outside and take a whizz in the yard, and then it's all over."

Ogami was completely flabbergasted at the suggestion, breaking out in a blush an even brighter red than Kanna's Koubu. "O-outside? Y-you?! You want to-"

"Piss outside, yes! I guarantee, you knew I could the instant you met me."

"N-no, it's not that! I wasn't thinking about that! I-I'm sure you can! But... is it really something you do often enough to just suggest it like that?"

"I do a lot of my training in the mountains, and there really aren't any actual bathrooms out there. A girl's gotta make do in those environments, I've gotten good at it, I've gotten used to it, and it's what I'd prefer right now."

Just by looking at his face, its fine details hidden in the shade, Kanna could tell she had put Ogami in a tough spot, and started to feel bad about that. "I can go on my own. I... I think I remember the way, I'll just KHGK!" Though it was nothing compared to her own bind. She wore tight black pants, with a high waist, perfect for squeezing on the bulge of her bloated bladder. Which, despite her fullness, wasn't too visible under her red tank top. No matter how much urine there was in there, it couldn't break through the solid wall of muscle in her stomach. It looked great, she was very proud of it, but the constant pressure made a full tank much harder to manage. At least the black pants made the remnants of the brief lapses less visible, even if her underwear wouldn't soon let her forget. "Now, which way were the stairs?" Despite her claims, they had gotten turned around in this mansion, she worried she'd be stumbling around all over again.

But Ogami remembered their steps. "We've just about exhausted every room we can reach on this side. We'll circle back, pass through the lobby, and check the other wing. Come on." He sidled up to Kanna's side, lifting her arm over his shoulders to support her.

Kanna didn't even offer an argument, she just took his shoulder and shared her considerable bulk with him. And, with her free hand, she finally listened to her body's pleas and gave her lower regions a tough squeeze. It hurt, but the message it sent to her bladder was clear: she would fight every step of the way. It eased up, for now, though it still pounded against her inner walls, and it was painful. She whimpered, and she could do nothing but shuffle across the floor with her legs barely shifting from a stance not even an inch apart.

But, aside from the sound of Kanna's shoes scraping across the hardwood floor, the only noises were the creaks and groans of an old house. Nothing out of the ordinary, even the Theater could make sounds like that which echoed in the middle of the night. However, at this current moment, it was quite the unsettling droning, unwelcome and begging them to find distraction.

It wasn't that he was the first to think of it, it was just Ogami that was the first to follow through with the plan. "So what's your problem with snakes?"

"Do we really need to talk about this?"

"As captain, it's important I understand both the strengths and weaknesses of my team."

"You're playing dirty, Boss. Look, it's really nothing special. Just a bad experience when I was a kid, training with my dad, and I... I fell into a nest of them. Looking back, I don't even think they were venomous." She trudged another step, hanging her head. "Sounds like a pretty stupid thing to be afraid of when I say it out loud."

"Don't say that," Ogami comforted, gently stroking Kanna's back, and getting a good sense of the impressive musculature she carried at the same time. "Flower Division or not, you're only human. Fear is nothing to be ashamed of, and I definitely don't think any less of you for it."

Despite everything, Kanna still found strength to chuckle. "Maybe not that, but I bet the whole 'about to piss my pants' thing is a different story."

Ogami did not have the same quickness in response to that, he hesitated, but eventually he got the words out. "I-it's something I wasn't expecting to have to work with, but the point still applies. It's nothing to beat yourself up over."

"...thanks a lot, Boss. Still, as much as you might think it's no big deal... Don't tell Sumire about it. I can just hear her mocking now. 'Oh, only an unrefined, untrained gorilla such as yourself would be incapable of something so simple as resisting her bodily needs! Ohohoho... ho...' Oh, I don't know how she does that stupid laugh, it's really rough on the bladder." Kanna came to a halt, bouncing on her heels for a moment, tensing the arm that held her groin, before composing herself once more and continuing onwards. Although, "composing" was a relative term, she still looked pale and sweaty, and she gripped her crotch as if her life depended on it. And it's only gonna get worse before it gets better.

"...Wait. But how's making it outside supposed to help? Wouldn't... wouldn't there be a greater risk of snakes there?"

"Don't say things like that, Boss! Please, not now. Yeah, I know that, but at least it's not an enclosed space, you get me?"

"I suppose, but... Wouldn't you need to expose yourself to a greater area of danger? Being a woman and all?"

"Well, I've got a trick for that. Now, please stop, I really don't want to be thinking about this right now." The thought of what she would do when she actually got to release that pee didn't mix well with the concentration required to not release that pee now. It would be long, it would be powerful, it would be heavenly, and it absolutely could not happen in her pants. She just had to hold out until she could pull them down. "Ugh..."

###

The hardest part turned out to be the stairs back to the ground floor, despite only being a single flight. Each step, aside from forcing Kanna to separate her legs, jostled her innards as the sudden gravity took hold each time her foot left the stable wood and dropped to the next tier down. Ordinarily, she'd claim she could feel her pee sloshing around, but even that wasn't accurate. That would require the fluids to be able to move, and there simply wasn't room for that.

And a bladder filled to the brim was a tough thing to handle, as she could readily attest to now. Many would argue the worst part of holding were the surges, the spikes of need that overwhelmed and tortured the host, sending flares of pain across their body. Kanna didn't have that problem. No, her problem was the consistency. There were no spikes, no passing jumps, just a constant line of desperation. It just so happened that the aforementioned baseline was incredibly high, a never-ending onslaught of burning and cramping.

Of course, it hardly mattered when that flat level was so unbearably high. Simply walking was now a struggle, each of her steps was separated by a lengthy pause, and her hands were chafed raw from how her thighs rubbed against them with every movement, squeezing in everything as close together as it all could. She liked to boast she had "rock hard abs", but it really did feel like there was a rock in her stomach now. Despite having a head in height over the captain, she was hunched forward so much that her eyes were below his as he escorted her around.

At this point in time, the logical part of her brain told her that they had to be close to the mansion's front doors, and even if she didn't, Ogami continually reassured her that this was the case. And she had to take his word for it, because she could barely see a thing around her through the watery haze of her strained tears clouding her vision. Kanna trusted her captain wholeheartedly, or she might have reservations about leaving the fate of her clothes solely in another's hands.

With that said, however, it was a stretch to say there was anything left to save. Despite her best efforts, no small fight, she had leaked a lot up to now. By the time she got back to the theater, she wasn't even sure she would be putting these in the laundry; even by her standards, they were too dirty to be saved. I could just piss myself here and be no worse for wear... N-no! I refuse to lose now! I... I'll make it outside! B-but... Ngh!

"K-Kanna!" Ogami struggled to hold her aloft, but she was a lot of woman, and he buckled under her weight, though he at least stayed upright on one knee. It was a lot like when they first met, except it was Kanna that really needed the help this time.

She knew that all she needed to do was stand up, find the strength in her legs, but even that was easier said than done. When every bit of her power was taken up, siphoned solely into the muscles of her bladder, it was hard to spare even an ounce for anything else. She had been in championship karate matches less straining than this. Even her senses were beginning to desert her, her hearing began to muffle and her already-cloudy vision flickered to total blackness.

The one thing she could still make out, more so a concept than a concrete visual, was the darkness of this abandoned mansion interior. It wasn't anything new, but that was exactly the point. She was seemingly no closer to getting outside. "B-Boss..."

"We're in the dining room. We're almost in the foyer! Just stay strong a little longer, Kanna!" It was less a reassurance, and more a desperate cry from Ogami, as if her only hope now was a miracle.

Kanna, meanwhile, had no such prayers to give, for she knew there was no help coming. It fell solely on her broad shoulders to succeed here, and she knew better than any other could that she was incapable of meeting that demand. Gotta piss, now! Now now now!

There was one silver lining: she was Kanna Kirishima. It was the only reason she had made it this far, and it was the reason she would succeed here. And it was because she was adaptable, or to say it more accurately, she could eschew her standards when the need arose. That was demonstrated when she decided that peeing in the lawn was her best option, a conclusion that wouldn't have occurred to any other member of the Flower Division, at least not so quickly.

And nobody said it had to be her final "idea". "Sorry, doing it!" With a sudden burst of adrenaline, the last she would get, Kanna pushed Ogami off her, throwing him to the ground with a crash hard enough to kick up dust and shake the foundations. It didn't hurt him, which was all that mattered, though it did stun him enough that he didn't think to climb back to his feet right away. He could only watch as Kanna bolted, like a wild bull, towards... nothing. "Kanna, that's not the way to the-"

Kanna heard his warning, but she didn't care, she wasn't looking for the door. Indeed, her target was something far more unassuming, far more inconspicuous, something no one would think of at a time like this. She couldn't find a toilet, she couldn't make it to the lawn, so Kanna had settled on a new potential bathroom: the corner. Unlike a good outdoors piss, this wasn't the kind of thing even she would jump to, but an emergency is an emergency. She could take a leak there, so it would do.

Admittedly, Kanna had wondered once or twice what Sumire did about using the toilet, her outfit was just so ornate, it had to be such a pain in the butt to take off to pee. It was a weird thought, albeit a casual, passing curiosity, but it was understandable since it was something Kanna didn't have experience in. Sure, she sometimes wore stage costumes with a lot of individual parts, but those were only worn a few times in limited capacity, a bathroom need wasn't likely to occur, especially not to her. Her Koubu pilot uniform was also a bit more work, but likewise, she only wore it when she was in her Koubu.

Otherwise, her clothes were light, they were airy, and most importantly, they were easy to take off. She didn't even have a zipper, button, or buckle on her pants. All she did, once she nearly slammed into the shadowy corner, was thrust her hands down into the elastic waistband and push, hard. That was enough to send both her black pants and red panties crumpling down to her ankles, spread to shoulder-width. And just like that, no hesitation or shame, Kanna Kirishima was bottomless. It made the dripping from between her bare legs immediately visible.

She got straight to work on fixing that. With her right hand, she reached down with her index and middle fingers to pinch the outer edges of her "Flower Division", and spread it nice and wide. And even just that act shook loose a few drips that, rather than leak out into her undergarments, got stuck in her private lips. Naturally, said drops sprinkled straight down into her pants, thereby defeating the point of taking them off in the first place.

Thankfully, there were ways to fix even that. With a solid grip on her womanhood, Kanna pulled upwards, exposing even more of the pink cavity, with absolutely nothing to hide, and pulled her butt in, pushing her hips forward. This was a technique she had employed countless times over her life, so she knew that this was all she needed, and she cut loose.

Kanna could hold her pee, and when she let it out, it came out hard. Her urethra, its firing path totally unimpeded, suddenly filled with a hot, golden flood, one that sprayed out like a bath faucet. And it did so cleanly, catching on nothing, blasting against the exact spot the two perpendicular walls met. However, despite the vertical canal to funnel the stream, it still collided with a lot of force, producing a wide splashing back at her legs. And quite high up them, too; she was standing very close to the wall, and peeing very hard, there was no height loss in the minimal gap.

The hissing was kept to a minimum, not needing to collide with any skin as it usually would when she casually used the toilet, but that did not mean she was quiet. Whatever noise was made when the urine exited her body, it was totally drowned out by where it landed. A hard liquid colliding with the soft wood, it produced a deep splashing sound. It rained down like a running shower, pooling into a constantly-expanding puddle, but the majority of the auditory stimulation came from the impact. Not quite the solid tone of pissing on a boulder, but it matched washing a tree trunk quite well, far closer than the primarily liquid splashing of watering the grass. All scenarios Kanna knew, of course.

There was one more piece adding to the bedlam, and it was the woman herself. "Aaaahhhhh... That's the stuff..." Ever the optimist, Kanna chose to dwell on the positive parts of the experience. And there was no shortage of that stuff, the sheer amount of relief that rippled across her body. Not only did the strain in her abdomen diminish, but the tingling of the violent rush from her nether regions, made most of her body go numb, accentuating the few parts that were still awake. "Ooh," she cooed, shuddering in pleasure, naturally shaking her hose around in the process.

And the best part was, she wasn't even making a mess. This mansion was in poor shape, falling apart, there were cracks and holes everywhere. Kanna had almost fallen straight through a hole in the floor as soon as they stepped inside, in fact. By pure happenstance, the corner she had chosen had a sizable gap in the flooring, right up against the walls, that happened to act exactly like a drain. Where it was all going, she didn't know and she didn't care, it was leaving her bladder and not getting all over her shoes, not that that was a dealbreaker, bu it was nice to avoid.

Other than that, there wasn't much to tell about her little tinkle; or, rather, her massive piss. Sure, the location was pretty handily the oddest place she had done her business (though she'd have to really think back in order to decide how much weirder it was), but on its face, this kind of thing really wasn't unusual for Kanna. She could just relax, let her mind wander, and continue gushing like there was nothing weird about it.

Because of that, there wasn't much about the rest of her bathroom break. Even elements that would seem noteworthy to most other women, like the way it snaked through all the little cracks in the boards as it descended, were nothing new to someone who had been peeing on tree barks for as long as she could remember. It also probably didn't help that the entire ordeal was muddled and fuzzy in the haze of ecstasy.

Thankfully, she woke up just in time for her stream to begin dying down. "Ah... Hngh!" Now came the push, the active force exerted to squeeze the last little bits. Otherwise, it would just drip down into her pants, a lesson she had internalized from a young age, to the point of doing it even when she squatted on the toilet. And just to make sure, she thrust her hips forward a few times, flicking off the last of the drops.

"Phew... Much better!" Sticking her butt out, Kanna reached down to grab the crumpled pile of pants and panties at her ankles, pulling them up nice and tight. "Mmph!" And she had kind of forgotten just how much she had leaked prior to now. Crazy what you can miss when your mind is in other places... Her underwear, a conservative style that covered all of her rear and groin, felt soaked through in all the wrong places; meaning, everywhere. It was uncomfortable.

But it wasn't something she was unaccustomed to. Not pee, but her clothes could get pretty damp with sweat after some tough training, and as it turned out, the feeling wasn't dissimilar. Sure, it felt pretty gross, sticking to her skin and knowing it would get colder, but it wasn't something she couldn't just deal with for a couple hours. And just knowing that really lightened the load on her mind. "Hah... Alright, Boss, it's all good now!" Just to show her full recovery, she raised her right arm and flexed her bicep, flashing a grin.

Although she was only doing it to herself, since she was still facing the corner, now glistening with a thin sheen of her bodily fluids. Keeping that same smile, she jumped a half-spin and landed with a quake, determined to show her captain the best side of her. And he saw it, because she found him facing her direction. That raised some questions. "Alright, what did you see?" This room really is small, he couldn't even get too far away from me.

Ogami stumbled back, face glowing red. "I-I-I just turned around, I swear! I didn't see anyt-"

"Haha! Relax, Boss, I trust ya. Not like it'd be anything you ain't seen before."

What was meant to be reassuring, only turned out to push Ogami even further on the back foot. "W-what?! I-I've never peeked at anybody using the bathroom!"

"Huh? Nah, I know you wouldn't!" Towering over her commanding officer, Kanna started tussling Ogami's hair. "I was just saying, you already saw my ass in the shower, that's all you would have seen of this whole thing, too."

"R-right... That's all... Ha ha..."

With a deep breath, Kanna composed herself and made for the door. "Come on, we gotta find Sumire. She's probably gotten real scared and lonely by now."

"I'm worried about that Hex Mech we saw, if she gets in over her head without support..."

"Oh, I'm not worried about her, she's more than strong enough to... C-come on, Boss, what are you making me say?!" Suddenly eager to end this line of conversation, Kanna quickly walked, not actually sure where she was going since she was... "distracted" the previous times they traversed these halls. And the rapid pace didn't make anything more comfortable down below. Ghkh...

###

"Gah! Look what you did! Fine, guess I gotta pick up your slack!" Kanna ran after the exiting Hex Mech, after it was alerted to their presence thanks to an untimely scream from Sumire. courtesy of a spider rappelling down from the ceiling on its web, onto her delicate hand.

Ogami had smacked it off, but the damage had been done, and now it was just the two of them. "Did it bite you?"

"N-no, I don't believe it did..." Despite that, Sumire held her limp hand at the wrist, still shaking and barely sobbing. For a moment, at least, before something much stronger suddenly hit her, and she immediately stopped all that, collapsing onto her knees while her muscles stiffened.

Ogami knelt down beside her and held her back. "What's wrong, Sumire?"

"N-nothing!" Even as she argued, she already knew it was a losing battle. She wouldn't be able to hide this. Her face softened and fell, her lip quivered, and a hand pressed down on the space of her kimono between her legs. "Well, a-actually, Ensign... I q-quite urgently need to... 'reapply my makeup', if you understand..."

