The young lords mistake

Author: Cosplay.freakk

*000*2017-08-28 08:29

Ciel woke up to a bright light in his eyes, he turned over in his Queen size bed and pulled the covers over his head bringing his knees to his chest with his eyes closed tightly.

"My lord, its time to get up" Sebastian said as he opened the window letting in a cool flow of air.

Ciel mumbled softly "m-mhmm.. Not now Sebastian.." Ciel yawned and tried to ignore his butler.

"Young master, you need to get up now or you wont have time to get ready. We already have to skip breakfast" Sebastian said slightly annoyed by his lord, Ciel laid quietly for another three good minutes "I want to sleep.." he whispered softly under the bright white blankets. Sebastian walked over to his masters bed and pulled the blankets right off of him, Ciel grunted softly and sat up rubbing his eyes.

"My lord, did you get enough sleep?" he said as he lifted the young masters chin looking into his eyes and at his soft bags under his eyes.

Ciel blushed "y-yes, just had a bad dream that's all" he said as he smacked Sebastian's hand away, Sebastian gave the master a look of worry.

"Very well.. You have to get up now I'm afraid, you have a play date with Alois" Sebastian said smirking at his choice in words.

"A play date?! Honestly Sebastian couldn't you say something else?" Ciel snapped, Sebastian softly smiled

"Well that's what it is, isn't it?" Ciel softly pouted with an angry look.

"I don't want to go play chess with him" Ciel said madly and pulled himself sitting on the edge of the bed, Sebastian bent down and placed his hand on the masters soft knee.

"I know young Lord, but you need to socialize more with people."

"But I don't want to.. He is such a bother" Ciel whined

"I know my lord, just for a couple of hours and you can come back home" Sebastian said as he undid the young masters night shirt, Ciel sighed and grunted.

"Fine.." Sebastian dressed the master rushing, he did Ciel's belt up too tightly without a care, Ciel squirmed and whimpered.

"S-Sebastian! Ugh that's tight!" Ciel felt it press on his full bladder that he was holding all night, Sebastian looked up.

"sorry young master, I'm trying but we are going to be late" he said as he loosened the belt a little, Ciel pouted

"I don't care! J-just be more careful.." Ciel rubbed his knees together gently.

"Yes my lord, something the matter?" Sebastian said as he watched the master tense his body, Ciel shook his head at that moment he felt a slight pinch in his bladder and quickly nodded as he stood up.

"Oh I see.. Young master do you need the restroom before we leave?" Sebastian said as he picked Ciel up, Ciel whined and blushed while kicking his feet.

"Y-yes! B-but put me down! I can go by myself!" Sebastian put the young lord down.

"Very well my lord." Ciel quickly walked to the bathroom, Sebastian made Ciel's bed.

"Sebastian, I want breakfast." Ciel said while shaking his wet hands off, Sebastian looked up at the young master.

"I'm sorry my lord, we don't have time." Ciel bit his lip frustrated.

"Fine, I will just have some tea." Sebastian laughed softly, making Ciel cross.

"Whats so funny?"

"Do you think that's a good idea my lord? after this mornings bathroom rush?" Sebastian said teasing, Ciel stomped his foot.

"I'm not a child Sebastian! I just held it all night becau-.." Ciel cut himself off, Sebastian walked over to Ciel as he looked down blushing.

"was it that pesky nightmare? It's okay my lord we all get scared." Ciel blushed harder.

"I wasn't scared! J-just make me my tea!" he snapped embarrassed, Sebastian bowed.

"As you wish my lord" Ciel sat on the bed waiting, softly kicking his feet.

Maybe I shouldn't worry about the tea.. Sebastian does have a good point.. But I'm old enough to be able to hold myself!- Sebastian walked in, startling the young master out of his thoughts.

"You're tea my lord Sebastian said pouring earl tea into a vintage Chinese tea cup, Ciel took the cup and sipped it.

"Not to rush you my lord, but you need to hurry along." Sebastian said looking at his watch, Ciel nodded softly and drank it quickly handing back the cup.

"are you ready to leave my lord?" he said as he put the tea cup back on the tray, Ciel stood up and nodded.

"Very well, we must be off now" he grabbed Ciel's hand pulling the young master along quickly, Ciel looked down trying not to trip over his own feet. -bloody hell! I'm going to fall over onto my face!- Ciel thought to himself, Sebastian picked the lord under his arms firmly putting him in the carriage. Ciel huffed softly as Sebastian sat him down, Sebastian sat across from Ciel. "Sebastian?" Ciel said under his breath, Sebastian looked up.

"Yes my lord?" Ciel sighed as they started to move.

"How long till we get to Alois place?" Sebastian sighed back.

"Only an hour my lord, is there something wrong?" Ciel shook his head, kicking his feet softly.

"No, I just wanted to know." Sebastian smiled softly, Ciel looked out the window leaning his chin on his arm.

~~~~~ 30 minutes later ~~~~~

Ciel watched the clouds as they moved along, he started to feel the tea reach his bladder giving him a small urge but nothing more.

"how long now?" Ciel said biting his lip Slightly, Sebastian replied.

"No more then thirty minuets my lord" Ciel nodded and continued to look out the window. Sebastian watched Ciel

So stubborn yet so so fragile..- Ciel started to fidget with his hands as he felt a pressure on his bladder, he started to shift a little to get comfortable.

- darn it! Ugh I need to pee kind of.. Not bad though, don't worry about it, it will be fine I will use the bathroom when I get to Alois place- Sebastian noticed Ciel moving around.

"Everything alright my lord?" Ciel looked up quickly, stopping himself from moving.

"U-ugh yes, just a little uncomfortable.." he said as he started to blush and look down Shyly.

- the young lord is being very strange today.. He is acting childish that's not like him at all..-

"My lord, are you in pain?" he asked worried that the young lords back was playing up again.

"no, it's nothing.." Ciel said blushing more watching himself kick his feet, Sebastian sighed.

"young master, don't tell me you need the loo already?" Ciel shook his head quickly.

"No! I'm not a child! I don't need to go.. Even if I did which I don't, I would be able to hold it for an extended amount of time."

He said in a grumpy tone, Sebastian just ignored his childish behaviour.

"Very well young master."

- crap.. I cant go now! He will think i'm like a child! I can hold it!- Ciel tried not to move, the carriage stopped. Sebastian got out and opened the door, Ciel slowly got up and let out a small whine when getting out due to the pressure starting to become more noticeable.

"Whats wrong my lord? is it your back?" Sebastian said grabbing Ciel to support him up, Ciel shook his head.

"No.. N-not really, just a little unsteady from standing up quickly." Ciel said pushing Sebastian away from him, Sebastian sighed.

"Very well my lord.." Ciel slowly walked behind Sebastian as they walked to the front door, Sebastian knocked and Claude opened the door.

"Greetings Sebastian"Claude said, Alois came running to the door.

"Hello! Ah oh.. Where is Ciel?" he asked pouting, Sebastian grabbed Ciels upper arm pulling him in front of him.

"Oh Ciel! Its good to see you!" Alois said pulling Ciel in and giving him a tight hug, Ciel whined as he felt Alois knee pressing on his bladder.

"Be careful Alois, Ciel is very sore." Sebastian said pulling Ciel to his side, Alois pouted and grabbed onto Claude.

"Oh.. Okay." Alois said while playing with Claudes shirt buttons, Claude smiled.

"Please do come in, Alois why don't you take Ciel to a room and play chess or cards. Sebastian and I will prepare morning tea." Alois nodded and pulled Ciel away from Sebastians side.

"Come on Ciel, I will show you where we play games!" Ciel pouted softly as Alois dragged him to a room, Alois stood on a chair and reached up and grabbed a deck of cards.

"we can take them back to my room is you like, Ciel?" Alois said jumping down, Ciel shrugged.

"I don't really care.." Ciel said as he looked around anxiously, Alois grabbed Ciels hand.

"This way!" Alois yelled giggling, Ciel sighed and followed him. Alois came in and kicked his shoes off and sat down on a maroon fluffy mat pulling Ciel down, Alois took the cards out and shuffled them.

"What do you want to play?" asked Alois smiling, Ciel looked up.

"I don't really mind.." Ciel said trying not to squirm, Alois bit his lip.

"Old maid it is then.."

Alois gave out some cards to himself and Ciel putting the rest down, after a while of playing Ciel found it hard to sit still he crossed his legs in front of himself and softly squirmed his hips. Alois looked up and watched Ciel squirm uncomfortably.

"Whats wrong Ciel? Are you sore?" Alois asked putting a match down, Ciel blushed.

"Well a little.. But its fine." Alois sat a little closer to Ciel, Ciel pulled his cards to his chest so Alois couldn't see his cards.

"Are you sure Ciel? you look like you are in pain." Alois said bringing his mouth close to Ciels ear, Ciel pushed away Alois face and rolled his eyes.

"I'm fine!." Ciel said grumpily, after they finished the game Ciel started to rub his knees together and tried not to whine. Alois stood up.

"Come on, lets pick something else."

........to be continued.... If you want that is

