Even Heroes Falter (My Hero Academia)

Author: Captain L

*000*2016-06-23 01:01

Author's Note: Yes, Tsuyu is in the tags. Next chapter.

###

U.A. High School was the world's premiere school for heroes in training, a huge collection of teenagers with Quirks and a handful of pro heroes. With so many potential powerhouses under one roof, this place should be under constant threat of villain attacks taking the preemptive of snuffing out possible future threats. But U.A. had the best security in Japan, and heroes like All Might that could defeat any trespassers. The school grounds were the safest place for budding champions of justice to learn.

However, it wasn't an impenetrable fortress, every once in a while something would sneak in that had to be dealt with. That's what had happened just as class began in the morning, a Threat Level Wolf report of a villain with the Quirk to turn itself into water. It appeared that it snuck in through the plumbing system, and while it hadn't assaulted a student yet, it did make its presence known in the women's restroom while an upperclassman was in there. It still hadn't been determined whether it was a genuine threat or just a pervert putting their abilities to the test, so classes hadn't been cancelled.

It wasn't like the invasion had no effect, though. As a precaution, the school's bathrooms were closed to not give the creep the opportunity. So, for as long as it took for the pros to flush them out, the students had to hold it. “It's good training, you won't always have a chance to use the bathroom in the field,” the teachers said.

Those were the unfortunate events that led to Ochako Uraraka being quietly desperate in Mr. Aizawa's general studies class. She was doing her absolute best to not make it known, because then she'd have the bad kind of attention on her. Instead, she tried to focus on Mr. Aizawa's droning, monotone voice lecturing about world history, her notes looking more like a kindergartner's handwriting now.

What's taking the staff so long to catch the villain? No one in Class 1-A had seen it, granted, but they were under the assumption it shouldn't be a hard-won victory, not after over 4 hours. It's not like it was a dangerous attack like the League of Villains, it shouldn't be taking this long. Hurry please, I need to pee. All the musing was at least happening in her head, she wasn't muttering it all out loud like Deku.

Her attention already split, Ochako halved her focus even further by looking at her classmates. All of them were studiously watching the teacher and taking the same amount of notes they would any other day. How are all of them okay? She didn't expect all of them to be obvious, she couldn't even imagine someone like Bakugo acting like that, but at least someone else would make her feel better about her predicament. “Is my bladder really that small?”

“Did you say something, Uraraka?” Deku sat next to Ochako, so when she accidentally said her thoughts, it was caught.

Deku was her friend, but admitting this was probably too much. Or maybe she could ask him something subtly and not out herself. “Doesn't look like anyone's having trouble with that whole off-limits bathroom thing.”

“I don't know about everyone else, but I stopped using school bathrooms years ago. Kacchan always beat me up there, where the teachers couldn't see. Why?”

In a split-second, Ochako's face blushed a brighter red than Kirishima's hair. “N-n-n-n-no,” she whisper-yelled. “I was just remarking on it, it has nothing to do with me!”

Right as she was in the middle of (badly) defending herself, a white ribbon flew by both of their faces, stopping both of them dead and bringing everyone's attention to them. It came from Mr. Aizawa's combat scarf, guaranteed to shut a student up. “Is your conversation interesting, Mr. Midoriya and Ms. Uraraka?”

His dull yet menacing voice was enough to get them both to clam up, sit straight and face forward. Which meant Ochako was back to holding alone. Her ability to pay attention to the class was still lacking, so she instead contemplated what Deku said. I guess it's not unusual that some of them didn't use the bathroom here anyway. Why can't I be one of them? She hadn't compared before, but she had always known her capacity was pretty lackluster. Just not that it was this much lower than average. How am I supposed to do this?

Even with her bladder throbbing, she found reason to remain optimistic. It's not like a hero to give up. They keep fighting even when it seems hopeless, sometimes that's the only way to win! She didn't have as huge a hero obsession as Deku, but she still greatly admired their feats and wished to be like them. The pro heroes will do their jobs and save everyone else, it's my duty to trust in them.

It was nice to have that kind of confidence, but it didn't change the fact that she really needed to pee now, with no relief in sight. She couldn't move much, so she settled for putting her right thigh over her left, slight rubs to lower pressure. She could only hope it would do enough, for...how much longer is this class? She checked the clock above the board at the front of the room to see the time until lunch break. Half an hour?! Oh... That didn't look good.

For now, she looked okay from an outside perspective, aside from those shaking legs that could be attributed to cold. She was in a short skirt, after all, leggings would only do so much to mitigate that. Inside, it was a whole different story. Her bladder was pressing hard against everything around it, trying with all its might to break the dams down and release its contents.

Time passed, and Ochako was starting to feel hot. It couldn't just be because the already warm urine was forced to stay inside a hot human body and increase its temperature, it just took so much energy to push her bladder muscles that far. Her face was turning pink and sweat was forming on her forehead, but she still had that weird chill under her skin, like she had a fever. What felt like her kidneys were hurting with an outward pressure. This can't be healthy, she worried. If I keep this up, I could be in serious danger.

But heroes were supposed to confront that with a smile, right? They were gifted with abilities and drive above most, the skill to face pain. But that was the worst thing to Ochako, the helplessness. She could take the gravity from anything she touched, it could be a really cool Quirk. But even ignoring the concentration she couldn't spare it took to use, it was entirely useless now. True, she wasn't thinking at a hundred percent, but she couldn't think of any possible application it could have to help her. What was a hero who couldn't use their Quirk supposed to do in the face of peril?

What did Deku do? He had been improving, but his Quirk still broke his bones when he used it, and he still managed to stand proud and be a hero. He's the purest example of the attitude a hero should have. So I can't give up now! I just can't! An intense wave of striking desperation from her probably overfilled bladder struck her like a Texas Smash, forcing her to press her thighs together harder, limiting blood flow to her legs. She had to close her eyes for that extra push against her own organ, but she could feel herself overcoming that spike, the urge would pass soon.

“Uraraka? Are you alright?” It seemed so far away, like a voice piercing between worlds, but that whisper was actually Deku, less than a meter to her right.

Ochako couldn't see herself, but she was really a pitiful sight. Everyone in the class could see how violently she was pushing her thighs against each other, rocking in her hard chair, eyes shut as tight as possible, and she even let out a little squeak every once in a while. It was so painfully obvious how bad she needed to pee, it was a miracle her hands weren't grabbing her crotch with all her strength.

She hadn't opened her eyes yet, but she could feel the judging gazes of every other student, she had to be the only one in this bad a state. Suddenly, the odds stacked against her overtook her ability, keeping hold was no longer possible. The silent classroom was now echoing with splashing as a puddle grew in Ochako's seat, soaking the rear of the school standard gray skirt, turning in near-black as the excess fell off the sides of the chair into a second collection on the floor. Small rivulets found their way down her legs too, tracing lines in her leggings down to her socks.

She wasn't making a sound, but one word was repeating endlessly: failure. While everyone else had been doing just fine in spite of the circumstances, she was the lone hero that wet herself. She had proven, in the most embarrassing way possible, her lower than average capacity and strength. That made her less of an asset in the field, if she had to pee, she wouldn't be able to fight or stay in the battle for long without having an accident. How bad would it show on her skintight superhero costume?

While urine was still pouring out of her, Ochako was paralyzed, her only motions being shaking and shivering. She sat there as everyone stared for a minute, until she finished and the room went dead silent, like Thirteen's black hole absorbed all the sound. At any other school, she'd be laughed at and mocked before she'd have the time to fully let go. Maybe at a school for heroes, those that want to protect those in need, the kids would be more understanding?

Ochako wasn't staying to find out. She bolted upright, palms slamming on the desk like she was pissed instead of just her clothes. “I'll be in the nurse's office,” she choked out before anyone else could have the first word. She walked out stiffly, eyes all still on her, out the door and into the empty hallway, dripping the whole way. Finally alone, she allowed herself to start crying, but started the uncomfortable (emotionally and physically) walk of shame to the nurse's office

*002*2016-07-13 20:06

Author's Note: Sorry, Tsuyu fans. Longer wait now.

###

Lunchtime had come, and Ochako rejoined her classmates in the cafeteria. “Don't worry about it,” Recovery Girl told her, “you aren't the first one who's come in needing a new uniform.” The replacement was a little small, but it was clean and dry, though she wasn't comfortable wearing panties that weren't hers. But she'd have to live with it until the day ended, so she grabbed food and looked for an empty seat. Normally, she'd sit with Deku, but he'd become quite the popular student recently, so all the spots at his table were taken by the time she arrived. She was also still embarrassed about peeing herself next to him, so she instead seated herself with some of the other girls of her class.

Usually, lunch was a perfect opportunity for the students to have their personal conversations, but this table was quiet as a vacuum, each of the girls silently eating their food. She didn't have to be told, Ochako could tell all of them were suffering from the lingering awkwardness of her earlier accident. But they weren't even talking to each other, it was pure emptiness, which made the zero gravity girl curious. Maybe they're too distracted needing to use the bathroom.

She intended to leave them to it if that was the case, but she couldn't contain herself (clearly) for long. “So...how are you girls dealing with...you know.”

“Don't use the bathroom at school,” Kyoka Jiro answered. “I avoid public bathrooms.” Ochako rolled her eyes, like that recommendation had been an option.

“You're a lucky one,” Momo Yaoyorozu replied. “Not really a choice for some of us.”

That was surprising, Momo was the largest girl in the class, was her bladder capacity less than ideal too? “So what did you do,” Ochako asked.

Momo was not a very shy girl, they knew that when she wore the most revealing costume in the class (except for Toru's, on technicality), but it was still a surprise when she answered the inquiry with no sense of shame. “Make an empty bottle, a longer skirt, and a note asking Kyoka for some noise to cover it up.” Her power was inanimate creation, Kyoka could amplify her heartbeat, it was a solid plan. But all Ochako could think about was Momo sitting in her chair, filling a bottle while the surrounding students were none the wiser.

Her face started turning a red brighter than before, until she shook her head to clear it away, attempting to force that thought away with a confusing bit of Momo's process. “I don't remember hearing Kyoka's heartbeat during class.”

“You were pretty distracted at the time,” Tsuyu Asui straightforwardly answered, not like she had to say any more.

“I don't know what's taking the pro heroes so long to catch the villain,” Momo complained. “We've got enough pro heroes to take on the League of Villains, some bathroom pervert who knocks his rocks off to girls pissing shouldn't be a problem.”

“I imagine they're not utilizing all the heroes on a small criminal like this,” Tsuyu hypothesized.

“Then isn't it our job,” Ochako asked, that heroic bravery in her voice. “We can at least help while we're still on lunch break, do what we can and get back to class on time!” She twiddled her fingers in silence, before continuing, more reserved than before. “I don't want anyone else to have to go through what I did.” A classic hero motivation, even if the subject was less inspiring.

Momo, Kyoka, and Tsuyu looked between each other, considering the offer, Kyoka answering first. “I wasn't really hungry anyway.” She picked up her half-eaten tray of food, stood and walked halfway to the trash before turning back to her table. “We only have so much time, you know.”

Each of the other girls stood with her. “I'll see if Toru and Mina want to join us,” Ochako stated, wandering off to find the remaining two girls of Class 1-A.

###

Toru Hagakure, still a little hungry, was walking through the empty halls of U.A. High School with the ensemble of first year female heroes. The students were at lunch, the heroes were looking for the intruder, leaving them the security to quietly carry out their operation, vice class rep Momo naturally taking the lead. “Here's how it's going to go, we're not supposed to interfere, so we need to be stealthy. There's a lot of bathrooms in this school, we split up and search the ones not being investigated. Keep track of time, get back to class before it starts.”

Despite this being a equal group effort, Tsuyu still raised her hand to ask a question. “If we can get into the bathroom, how do we flush the villain out,” she inquired, oblivious to her own pun.

“I can make something to send through the plumbing, and Kyoka can vibrate the water. The rest of you...point taken. Alright, we split into two teams, take a wing each, and come to us if you've got a lead. Choose your teams.”

Momo seemed to be the popular choice, so Toru was going to join Kyoka, until Momo stopped her. “Toru, you go solo. Use your invisibility to sneak into the more guarded bathrooms. You find something, I'll be in the west wing of the school.”

“What do I do with my uniform?” Toru's Quirk made her body invisible at all times, but the power didn't extend to her clothing. If she wanted to be fully undetected...

“There's a supply closet over there, hope your clothes won't be discovered. Alright teams, let's go!” Every other girl ran off deeper into the building, so Toru was alone. Still, she checked for anyone that could see her before stripping out of her uniform. It was a learned response, even if she was invisible, she didn't want anyone to see her undress. Plus, it didn't matter if they could see her in them, she didn't want anyone to see her underwear.

After dropping all her clothes onto the floor, she picked them up and carefully folded them into a neat pile like a clothing store, placing her panties in the center of the stack, out of sight. Slowly to muffle her sound, she opened the closet door and slid her uniform onto one of the shelves, next to some cleaning bottles. Now, she was completely invisible, without even boots or gloves like she wore for her costume.

“Well...at least I don't have anything to wet now,” she whispered. Truthfully, she had ulterior motives for helping with this plan. At the moment, Toru had to pee really bad, she wasn't sure how she would manage much longer, and Ochako's in-class accident did not help matters. With the excuse that she was helping the hunt, she could sneak into a bathroom and relieve herself. And if she couldn't...well, the mess would only be on the floor.

All her fellow students went towards the west side, so she trod eastward, just to spread out the search. And to ensure she didn't run into her teammates. The closest girl's room in this direction was on the same floor, down a few hallways, so she hurried through the corridors, her right hand secretly holding her crotch.

As she was approaching the bathrooms, she could hear conversation around the corner, so she pressed her back against the wall right next to the bend, not that she needed to, just what she learned from stealth training. “Do you think the trespasser is still on the grounds,” one of the voices asked, which Toru identified as Present Mic. “We haven't given them anything to see for hours, he probably gave up and left.”

“Or perhaps he's just waiting for us to lower our guard,” Principal Nezu suggested. “Better safe than sorry. We should continue the search, at least until the day's end.” Toru heard them start walking, away but that didn't matter to her, leaving this particular restroom open. She wasted absolutely no time rushing in, still holding herself. If she was visible (and clothed), she'd be a sorry sight and probably too much for anyone else as full as her.

Carefully holding the door behind her to shut quietly because slamming would echo far in the silence, Toru looked over the completely empty bathroom and blessed her luck. Amidst the chaos, she had made it to a bathroom just fine, though it was pretty close. She had moved up to desperation dancing, both hands between her legs as she stepped repeatedly, barefoot on the cold tile floor. She needed to hurry into one of the stalls, and that's what she did, closing the door with the same finesse as before.

Normally, this would be the worst part to any girl about to pee themselves. Standing right in front of the toilet, the temptation to go so pressing with clothes still needing to be removed. But for the nude Toru, this couldn't be easier. In one motion, she pivoted to face away from the bowl and dropped onto the seat, now with little regard for sound.

It wasn't difficult to get Toru to loosen her bladder. She had barely sat down, in the midst of wincing with her butt on the ring, as the loud splashing began. To an onlooker, a steady stream of light golden urine just started in the center of the toilet seat, only falling a slight distance before hitting the still water, tainting the clear water yellow. And it was loud, this was sure to echo, but she couldn't do much to stop this one.

She didn't want to, letting loose with a long-held pee was so satisfying. She didn't have to go anywhere near as bad as Ochako, but the fact that she snuck into an off-limits bathroom spoke volumes for the volume she was done containing. She sighed in that broken, breathy way, and shivered as a chill of satisfaction slid down her spine.

The sound of water seemed to be the trigger, because the splashing sound beneath her changed pitch. Her heart skipped a beat as fear gripped her, though it couldn't do anything to stop her peeing. Shaking and slowly, she looked down, getting a clear look through her legs to examine the bowl. The water looked to be the right consistency and color, but the liquid was curving upwards, arcing out from the rest, up to the invisible girl.

Somewhere, Toru realized this was the villain the school had been on alert for, that she had found them. The correct response would be to calmly stop peeing and alert someone more capable. She screamed, jumped off the toilet into standing and ran out of the stall, entirely unable to stop her bladder draining, leaving a path of golden drops to her location.

Toru watched the stall as the door's momentum from charging out closed it shut, the short time frame it was open not allowing her to get another look at the pervert. She had escaped to safety, but it wasn't enough to stop her. She had held her bladder for too long, letting it go felt too good, she just couldn't stop now. Rivulets of relief spiraled down her invisible legs, making a puddle that spread through the gaps between the tiles. She tried to stop it with force, hands clenching the source of the flow, but it wasn't helping, merely pooling in her palms before falling through her fingers. It was truly a sight like no other.

Her cry of terror had evidently not gone unnoticed, because some burst into the room while she was still frozen in fear and shame, but still she looked at the new addition. Honestly, Toru didn't recognize her at first, not in costume and normal sized, but the rest of her features gave away she was the pro hero Mt. Lady. She first seemed surprised at the pee coming from empty air, but it dawned on her a second later. “You're that invisible girl from 1-A, right?”

“Y-yes...” Mt. Lady correctly checked the nearest stall and looked into the toilet. She studied it carefully for a couple seconds, when her head fell and she flushed. Toru could tell what happened, and she felt the need to apologize. “Sorry...I guess he escaped.” Her bladder finally emptied, a few more drops running down her legs.

“Damn, then we just missed him.” She didn't even reprimand Toru, like she already understood what led her to this. “I guess you're supposed to go to the nurse's office. And shouldn't you have a uniform?”

“Uh...I put it in a closet near the cafeteria. If you don't have a lead...could you please bring it to the nurse's office?”

She probably would have placed a hand on Toru's shoulder, if she knew where it was. “Sure. Just, please leave this to professionals when we ask you to. I understand you kids got lucky at the USJ, but it's important to understand your limits. I imagine you don't want a repeat of this.” She grabbed a handful of paper towels and held them in the vague vicinity in front of Toru, for her to grab and wipe herself down with.

There was nothing more to say, Toru slowly walked out, plenty embarrassed but staying quiet about it. At least she was mostly dry. She opened the door out, ready to leave when Mt. Lady called out to her, “Hold on. I just want to say, joining this fight was wrong, but you had the right attitude. Even if I suspect you may not have joined for solely altruistic motivations.” She gave an understanding smirk, giving Toru a tiny bit of happiness on her trudge to the nurse's office.

*004*2016-08-25 02:02

At least Toru's return to the classroom was calm. She had gotten cleaned off, her uniform returned to her, and she sat at her desk before lunch break was over. And no one (besides Mt. Lady who had no reason to tell) saw her accident, so she had basically gotten away with it. The invisible girl looked at the other girls who made it back before her, and the ones that met her eye all returned a gaze of disappointment. Perfectly clear that none of them found anything, and Toru was not about to reveal what she encountered.

She didn't have to, because the PA system engaged, and Principal Nezu's voice crackled through the speaker. “Hello, students! As a warning, we've run into the nefarious intruder again, and he's escaped our clutches once more. However, we'll capture him soon enough, he won't evade us for long, not so long as he...” His announcement was cut off, before he started on a long diatribe that would run into class time.

Good thing the principal finished then, because mere seconds after the silence set in, the door into the room burst open, the only way All Might knew how to enter, even when he was just a teacher. “Hello, students! You don't need to fear the villain that's found their way onto the grounds, because we're doing a field exercise today! Get into your costumes and come to the training grounds!” And just as quickly as he entered, he left with the same flair for the dramatic. There was a certain excitement among the students, hands-on instruction was always more fun and to their interests, but there were no bathrooms out there. It meant they couldn't be attacked, but worst comes to worst, it's just as bad a struggle.

###

Class 1-A was gathered before the gates to the school's training grounds, a fake city meant to simulate urban villain battles to the students, listening to All Might's instructions. “Your objective this time, heroes, is to locate a set of villain dummies placed somewhere on the grounds. There are subtle clues to their location, you will need to work together and confer with each other. This is a full class exercise, the logistics will be up to your discretion. You have an hour, you'll be graded based on time and teamwork, so go now!” The doors opened, and each of the students rushed in, some more energetic and stable than others.

On the lower end of that scale was Tsuyu Asui. No one noticed, she was part frog and therefore moved somewhat uncannily all the time, but it wasn't due to her Quirk this time. Like many before her, Tsuyu was really feeling the painful effects of a full bladder. It hadn't been so bad earlier, only a mild discomfort during Ochako's “performance”, it was the hunt to free the bathrooms during lunch that awakened her need to worrying levels.

The only comfort Tsuyu had was the population density of her location. The training grounds were the size of a business district with only a handful above a dozen people in it, she certainly had space for privacy. What she would do with it, she didn't know yet, but it was the security she could do something if worst came to worst.

As expected, class reps Tenya Iida and Momo Yaoyorozu led the pack, delegating tasks to the other students. Essentially, the plan was to pair off and each take a certain region. In approximately 15 minutes, they'd all return to a rendezvous point and collaborate with anything they've found. Some of the pairs were standard, Izuku and Ochako, Bakugo and Kirishima, ir's the team of Tsuyu and Todoroki. They both respected each other as peers, but there wasn't anything friendly between them.

Without Tsuyu even noticing (to be fair, she was distracted), everyone else ran off and she didn't even know where to. “Todoroki, where did everyone go?”

“Were you paying attention, Asui,” he coldly questioned, basically agiven considering his Fire and Ice Quirk, and he only used the ice half.

“Call me Tsu,” she interrupted.

“...okay, Tsu.” Todoroki was clearly uncomfortable with the informal nickname, but he kept going. “They all split up in different directions, but it doesn't look like anyone went this way.” He pointed down a street, indistinguishable from any other road.

Tsuyu looked down the path she was being directed towards, looking it over with her trademark blank stare, before quietly walking that way. “Then we should do that.”

“Are you okay,” Todoroki asked. “You seem to have less energy than usual.”

He noticed. It's not that easy to hide this, is it? “I'm not that energetic, actually.” That was all she had to say, and Todoroki dropped the subject while following her lead. Things were quiet, so Tsuyu had the focus to worry about her basically full bladder. Wasn't the first time she had to hold urine, never is for teenagers, but it was most certainly the first time it was a concern in her costume. It was one piece of full-body attire, which meant she couldn't simply remove necessary items if it became an emergency.

“Hold it,” her partner ordered. Already am. “You see that over there?” He pointed at an alleyway between two nearby buildings, partially hidden in shadow.

While her mental processes weren't firing at full cylinder, Tsuyu couldn't tell what he was referring to, not even a clue. All she could think about was how much she'd like to duck into that alley and come back relieved a few minutes later. “I don't know what you're talking about.”

He held his left arm, rapidly being encased in ice, out to the alcove. The temperature of the air began decreasing rapidly, a little disconcerting to a partial amphibian, and the area they were focused on started to frost over. That's when it became more clear, footprints shown in the thin ice shards. Ah, the residual heat from the person who stepped here melted the ice around it. “Did any of the other students come this way?”

“Doubtful. Which means these tracks come from whoever set up the clues for us to find. We follow them, and we'll find their trail.”

Tsuyu was suitably impressed. “So why aren't you studying to become a detective instead of a superhero?”

“Well, Fire & Ice is pretty situational for investigative purposes. Besides, it's important to be a good detective while being a hero. Understand?”

“Ribbit,” she responded in her usual verbal tic, but context clues revealed she got the picture. Also, at that moment, she was hit with a terrible wave of piercing desperation. Without even a squeak of a sound, she closed her legs together tightly, with the hopes of her need not going any further than that.

Bad. Very bad. I'm not sure how much longer I can hold, if this keeps up. Now the question was how she was going to take care of it. It couldn't be possible to wait much longer, what could she do in the confines of the training grounds? And with a partner she needed to separate from, no less. There were alleyways, trees, bushes, options for proper modesty, if she could just get away for a minute or two.

“Hm? Something bothering you, Tsu?”

Well...I couldn't hide it from him forever, I suppose. She didn't say anything, but she did find herself placing her white-gloved hands between her legs, grabbing tightly, pulling on the little looseness in her costume. Her knees buckled and she bounced on her heels, unintentionally croaking as a grunt of distress.

Todoroki caught on, which made his face turn red and blended color perfectly with the burn scar over his eye. “Very well, what are you planning?”

“Not really sure. I don't know where the most private place around here is.” Tsuyu did not have much of a mental filter, almost as if she was an actual frog turned human.

The elemental boy looked around, observing each of the...potential spots for Tsuyu, but deduced that each was very open to another student that could happen upon them, and the faint sounds of not so distant footsteps meant they very well could. So he had to find something he could do for her, as a hero would. Not to mention, he had to consider her condition, that was the important part. She was doing her best to not show any discomfort, but he could tell she probably didn't have much time, or the ability to cover much distance. Something covering, but close.

That's when he noticed, the second floor of the building they found the clue on had a window ajar. That had to mean something in this hunt, and if he could get Tsuyu inside, she'd have all the privacy she'd need. They wouldn't have a proper toilet or plumbing, but at least there'd be four walls. “Tsu, look at that window up there. Do you think you can make it up there?”

Tsuyu tilted her head upwards, and noticed the window as well. But it was far up, and frogs can't climb walls. “I can jump that high, but I wouldn't be able to open the window in the air.” And I might not be able to handle a jump like that.

Wordlessly, Todoroki extended his left arm, and an ice ramp formed up to the window. “There you are. You should be okay indoors.” He held his hands out, gesturing for ladies first.

Tsuyu stood straight, placing her hands to her side, attempting to look more like a dignified hero. “That's considerate, but...I think it might be too late.” Just as she said it, Todoroki noticed something happening on the crotch of her costume, not that he was looking prior to that. Most of the fabric on her legs was black, taking on the appearance of very tall boots, but the color turned green halfway up her thighs, which carried onto the rest of the attire. And that spot of green was starting to turn darker, a large circle at the apex dividing into small rivulets going down her thighs until blending into the dark colors.

Surprisingly, Tsuyu didn't look all that concerned. Todoroki honestly had never seen her with any facial expression other than the wide-eyed, blank stare she had now, he didn't know if she could make another face, but he expected her to look a little more worried while starting to wet herself. Well, he didn't have an answer to that question, but something else was entirely clear; she wouldn't last much longer, and she wasn't doing anything (if she even could), so it was his duty to assist.

With a cool and level head, a solution came quickly, before Tsuyu could completely lose control. Not a moment wasted, Todoroki grabbed both of Tsuyu's shoulders, gently as he could, dropping her directly beneath the open window and the ice plank up to it. “I'll be back for you in a couple minutes,” he instructed, simultaneously forming two more ice walls to connect to the edges of the sleet above, effectively trapping Tsuyu inside.

She heard her partner run overhead, and the click of him entering the window. In near total isolation, she could appreciate Todoroki's work. The ice he created, while usually imperfect, was entirely cloudy and jagged, it wasn't even slightly transparent. Perfect for her current needs, so she reached behind her neck, the only zipper to remove her costume, hiding behind her long hair.

Her gloves were large, much bigger than her hands, so the mandatory precise grip to catch the zipper was a struggle in a fight she was already at a disadvantage in. Even while trying her best to undress, she couldn't keep her bladder at bay any longer, more pee leaking out by the second. Though she remained heavily aquatic, she liked the feeling of water on her skin, so her costume wasn't waterproof, and she could feel the warmth of her urine, almost hot in the chilly air surrounding her.

“I don't think I can make this,” the frog girl decided, having made no progress on her costume and starting to feel the reduction of pressure in her abdomen, those successive spurts could stay little leaks for so long. The low temperature was not at all helping her control, so with a lack of time to spare... “Ribbit, it's not worth it anymore.” She squatted down like she was preparing for a hop, not slipping on the thin layer of ice thanks to her full-toed boots and flexible heels, and not only let go of the hold she still had, but actively started to force pee out.

That was all it took, power behind her stream let it shoot straight through the costume, not spread across the fabric, pouring into a large and growing puddle beneath her body. The sharp difference in temperature caused the pee to steam upon hitting the ground, quickly melting the frost and making a smell apparent in the closed environment. She could almost taste it with her tongue hanging out, a common habit of hers but now caused by the relief.

Despite the unexceptional conditions, Tsuyu couldn't help but feel satisfied. Was she peeing in the training ground, sure. Could she not make it, not really. Did she have to wet her costume, yeah. But looking at it all in perspective, she didn't do that bad. She had been given a hidden spot, her costume was kind of okay, and most importantly, she got the chance to pee at all without making a scene like Ochako had to suffer through. She had been waiting for this for too long, even if she didn't let it show.

The amphibian certainly had to wait before she could feel fully refreshed, she had more than enough to give, which gave her the opportunity to listen for anything outside the enclosure. And it didn't take long for something to happen, footsteps increasing in volume, sliding to a close next to the ramp. “Looks like Todoroki beat us here,” a voice Tsuyu identified as Bakugo complained.

“Well, let's see if he found anything,” Kirishima responded, and two sets of running emanated crossing the ramp above. The whole structure was thick and solid enough there was no threat of anything crashing down on her. Thank Todoroki for that. Things went quiet again, she couldn't even hear anyone inside the building.

Not much time to reflect on that, because the loud crashing of urine finally started to die down, fading down to a tinkle before halting completely. Tsuyu let out a little breath of refreshment, and looked at her “work.” The puddle, while very golden in color, did not have a very impressive diameter, as expected from the smallest girl in class. Ochako probably beat her in capacity, though perhaps her accident just looked worse in the classroom. At least her clothing was spared more than her friend's, just the crotch, thighs, and bottom of her butt were visibly off-color. She didn't even mind the feeling of wet costume against her sensitive spots (no underwear was standard for skin-tight female costumes), she liked warm water.

Before she could reflect too hard, the ice began dissipating, not melting, from the top, and standing directly in front of her as the barrier disappeared was Todoroki. “Are you alright now,” he asked.

“Ribbit,” Tsuyu nodded. “Thanks for the help.”

“We're heroes. It's our job to help not only civilians, but fellow guardians of justice.” He waved his ice hand, and the puddle froze over, with excess distance. “There, no one will notice now.”

“If you could also cover me a little. Someone would put the pieces together if they saw my costume a little wet.”

“Alright, sure.” He was in this deep as an accomplice, a little more assistance would be the appropriate thing to do.

The pair started to walk away from the scene of the “crime”, until the PA System also installed in the training grounds sparked into life. “Attention, all UA students,” Principal Nezu announced. “I'm happy to share that we've caught the intruding villain at last. As such, all restrooms are open again. Thank you for bearing with us as we sorted this out.” The message ended, probably cut off before the principal could ramble.

Todoroki and Tsuyu looked each other in the eye, not that the elemental boy could ever out-stare frog girl, neither wanting to be the first to say something about the bad timing. Once the silence had become awkward, Tsuyu spoke up. “They took a little too long. Ribbit.”

*005*2017-09-29 20:54

Author's note: If you see anything in her that contradicts Momo's appearance in Chapter 2, consider it a retcon. I've had 24 more episodes to get to know her now. Thanks to MasterXploder for proofreading.

###

Most high-school students were worried about tests, and the heroes in training at UA Hero Academy were no different. Most of Class 1-A had panicked about both the written and practical halves of the final, and while they had survived three days of the former, they still needed to prove themselves in a physical environment. Though, most were no longer worried, with the advance knowledge they'd be fighting robots similar to the entrance exam.

However, there was one student much less confident than the rest, the student no one would have guessed: class representative Momo Yaoyorozu. After all, her Quirk was the ability to create anything she knew the chemical composition of, an ability that paired well with her intelligence. All in all, a large percentage of the class viewed her as an inspiration. The problem was those few like Bakugo and especially Todoroki, those that easily outclassed her skill and made her look weak in comparison.

Ever since the Sports Festival, when Momo had lost her match without even scratching Tokoyami, while Todoroki wowed the audience with insane ice power, and got a fight with Midoriya that enamored everyone watching. Suddenly, the girl in the upper echelon of her class, who had gotten into this school through high recommendations, was now forgotten by all but Mineta, and that was the kind of attention she didn't want.

She had the time to think about her insecurities, besides the bus ride all the way out to the facility, the class was currently waiting outside the Practical Examination field for too long. There were snippets of assorted small talk floating around, with a lot of comments about their performance on the written exam that Momo had given up her valuable time to study for, just to be a tutor. Yes, her pupils thanked her after it happened and that felt good, but she had been relegated to obscurity once more.

Though right now, maybe having eyes off her was a good thing. “What's keeping the teachers,” she whispered to herself, gazing down at her lower body, with her legs fully exposed in her hero costume. With all the time being wasted, it gave a part down below time to fill up past the threshold where she'd notice. She wouldn't say it so boldly, but to put it simply, Momo needed to pee no insignificant amount. Groaning ever so slightly in pained response, she pressed her thighs closer to ease her discomfort.

Unfortunately, despite being aware of the problem, there was little she could do. The city simulation was placed far away from the school grounds, so it wasn't possible to walk back and return without being gone a worryingly long time. Without any commodes way out here, and no place to hide until they got into the dangerous and active arena, that left her in a predicament without much chance for escape.

No, you're not allowed to think like that, she reprimanded. Being from a well-to-do family, the personal standards she held herself to had always been strict, but nothing compared to her resolve now. As of late, her combat prowess had failed to impress, suddenly giving the impression she was slacking when that couldn't be further from the truth. Acting weak or incapable was no longer an option, absolutely everything she had worked for in her life would be for naught if she couldn't stand tall like a hero now.

Finally, as she took a deep breath and steeled herself, Mr. Aizawa walked over in his usual lethargic fashion. “It's time for your practical exam. I assume you all know what it's going to be?”

“Yeah,” Kaminari exclaimed, “fighting robots! Like the entrance exam!” Mina pumped her fist in matching excitement.

“Not quite!” That definitely wasn't Aizawa's voice, as they soon confirmed when the tiny Principal Nezu popped out of the teacher's scarf. “We've decided, in light of recent events, it would be a more productive test of your skills to pit you in combat closer to the experience of facing a villain.”

Kyoka rotated her hand to push the principal along. “Meaning?”

“You'll be in teams of two, attempting to incapacitate or escape the teachers!” Immediately, the murmur of the class devolved into loud, enthusiastic shouting with peers mere feet away, just to be heard. Momo had to admit, that was an interesting development. That might be a good idea, it's a lot more practical training...if it wasn't so much harder. And in teams, against a teacher, that's a lot of witnesses should I...but I won't! Still, it's less than ideal...

Busy considering all the implications this new test cast on her inadequate condition, Momo neglected the continuing instruction, the rest of the school's teachers arriving, she was only brought back to reality by her name. “Yaoyorozu!”

Immediately, as if to compensate for all the time her focus was elsewhere, she stood at full, stiff attention, arms at her side and legs pressed together, something she would have done anyway. “Y-yes?”

“You're with Todoroki, against me,” Aizawa explained. “You're up fourth.” In other words, not enough time to wander around and find a bathroom. Not unless I know exactly where it is. She had only visited this place a handful of times, never needing to relieve herself. But if she were to ask, that'd be akin to admitting defeat. I'll face it. Like an adult. Like a hero.

Once again distracted, she only then noticed one person looking at her funny, it was bound to happen with Momo jiggling around like an impatient child. Her first action was to halt the bouncing she didn't even realize she was doing, with a yelp and a shift to full rigid stature. That's when she realized who it was, doubtlessly judging her: her partner, Shoto Todoroki. I don't know if I'll survive this test.

###

Just as Momo had feared, her bladder's pain had not eased by the time her test had begun. She spent the entire preparation time just waiting around awkwardly and alone. She wasn't able to build up the courage to ask someone for directions to the girl's room, putting her in the painful situation where she now had no choice. She was trapped in the empty replica city that served as her testing grounds, and considering escape was one of the conditions for victory, it was guaranteed to be difficult.

And she had no idea whether it was better or worse that she wasn't fighting alone. Yes, having anyone by her side would theoretically make it easier to either capture or escape Mr. Aizawa, especially someone as, frankly, overpowered as Todoroki, but it also came with the downside of another witness to a hypothetical accident, a negative looking more and more like inevitable reality.

The only saving grace she had was distraction. It was more important now that she locate her teacher, for whatever plan the duo would execute. The real problem was, she had no idea what that plan would be. It doesn't matter. He'll come up with a better plan anyway. I only need to focus on...not wetting myself. I can't believe that's still a priority for me.

She didn't need to think tactics, her partner was taking that lead as the two ducked into a back alley of the mock residential neighborhood, keeping a watch of the road ahead. “The deciding factor of this fight is going to be first strike. Keep creating small things, to confirm our Quirks haven't been erased, that way we'll know when Mr. Aizawa's near. If we find him, I'll distract him, you run. Until then, we both run for the exit.”

The plan seemed sound, they'd be mostly helpless without their Quirks, and two mere students wouldn't stand a chance in a straight fight against their pro hero teacher. Still, there was something about it that seemed off, Momo had some concern about it. “H-hold on, I thiNGH-” She was interrupted by a ridiculously painful jolt of concentrated suffering, straight from her already-filled internal water balloon.

Too bad she had already started a thought out loud, and piqued her partner's curiosity. “What were you saying?”

The tortuous urge washed away after a second of agony, leaving a burning sensation in its wake, but it had come and gone without any leakage. “N-never mind, it's nothing.” Right, no point in telling him I'm being weak. He's the son of Endeavor, he's strong and ruthless, he wouldn't have any sympathy for my stupid problems.

Todoroki looked over Momo head-to-feet, who attempted to look casual under the inspection, mentally pleading with him to get his eyes off her. Finally, he did so, and went back to looking in the direction they'd be dashing. “...alright, then. Just stay alert.” He ran off ahead, leaving his partner behind. Not that she minded at the moment, it gave her a quick second to reach her hand under her utility belt and pressed two fingers against the crotch of her red one-piece costume for that tiny bit of relief it provided. Once it wore off, she shuddered at losing the feeling, but still ran to Todoroki.

Not only did she need to keep up with someone in perfectly fine physical condition, straining her weakened constitution enough already, but she needed to keep creating. Just small nesting dolls, but these were the most complicated she could manage given the circumstances, it was ebbing away at her concentration. There was a time limit on the test by default, but this was adding another, stricter restriction for her to keep track of. Mr. Aizawa needed to show himself soon so they could use their plan and get out, or else she'd be dripping and disgraced.

Then again, would having an opponent to fight help at all? It would mean that either victory or loss was within grasp, but she'd be suddenly expected to pull her weight in a physical environment, something very strenuous and leak-inducing. With her attention already split between running, listening, and creating, the novice hero had to allocate just a tiny bit to introspection. There's no chance, I'm going to pee if I have to fight. But how would I get out of one?

Of course, with all the buildings, walls, and other kinds of cover, the thought occurred to Momo to answer nature's call whilst hiding behind any of them. It'd be a lot easier getting away from Todoroki than it would with Aizawa, she'd only need a minute and the pain would be over. Just one minute behind cover and she could drain all these excruciating bodily fluids in a comfortable stream.

A drop of wetness on her exposed cleavage alerted her to the fact that picturing that scenario was making her drool, snapping her back to reality, a place with consequences. She would run the risk of being caught, and that would be a gigantic, irreversible spot on her record, and it'd be mortifying regardless of punishment. Plus, while it was far back in her considerations, even if she wasn't seen, relieving herself out in public was not a hero thing to do. She needed it, no doubt about that, but it was hardly the acceptable solution.

No...I refuse, she decided, after plenty of deliberation. It's just inappropriate and immoral! I won't lower myself to that level! Conveniently, she was forgetting the times she had previously done just that, the only reason she felt confident enough to consider it an option, but that didn't really matter. Point was, she was denying it now, there would be no bathroom visit for the junior hero.

That would prove to be a challenge, because Momo absolutely would pee, incredibly soon. She could feel it, the way her innards were pulsing, stretching, she was guaranteed to lose it within the next few minutes. She wasn't stupid, she recognized and fully understood that. But what am I supposed to do? I need it! I need it so bad! Frantically, she looked around for some kind of hint to what she could do, and besides all the buildings further tempting her to do something indecent, all she had was Todoroki.

Distraction! “You know...we both got into UA through recommendations, but you're so much more capable than me,” she admitted, slowly and hesitantly. “Why do you have to be so good?” After all, he was strong, perceptive, quick and not currently at the business end of a bathroom emergency. It felt like things had gone silent for her to make this step on her personal journey.

Or maybe it wasn't just her. “What happened to the dolls you were making?” Momo hadn't noticed, but with the lack of wooden crashing against the pavement, she agreed something was wrong. Her creation, her one special talent, had halted. Instead of adding to her growing inferiority complex, however, she had a bad idea to what that meant. “He's h-” Even just the warning couldn't come fast enough, as a white ribbon shot down and ensnared his arms to his torso, a kind of attack that could come from their teacher, Eraserhead. While he would have liked to give more detailed commands, being pulled into the air, Todoroki could only reasonably order one word. “Run!”

Momo only caught the briefest glimpse of Aizawa hanging from the pole before she turned tail and bolted. Just following orders? Not exactly, and she realized it, in a moment of lucidity. I'm scared. Why am I scared? This isn't some real-life villain fight where I could get hurt, I wasn't this afraid at USJ! It's just a test! She understood the stupidity of her actions, but still she ran.

Though, perhaps something besides fear was fueling the mad dash. And I need to pee so freaking bad! I can't stand it anymore! Her true motivation behind gaining distance may very well have been purely to empty her bladder, now that the only two people to catch her were occupied elsewhere. The men's conversation grew fainter as Momo disappeared behind a faraway alley wall.

“Gotta pee, gotta pee, gotta pee,” she repeated, not bothering to keep quiet anymore with no one to hear. She couldn't even keep still, running in place and gripping the compartments on the front of her belt. She wasn't willing to grab between her legs, regardless of the desperation, there was hardly a point; without the capacity to create anything useful at the moment, she'd be spraying this concrete divider down soon enough. She faced the gray stone from six inches away and spread her feet apart, extending her right index and middle fingers as her hand reached down to pull the crotch of her costume aside.

Still, even as she was preparing to relax her lower muscles, the fate of her partner stayed a firm second worry in her mind. Obviously, he wasn't dead or in mortal peril, but it was still bothering her enough to be noticeable amidst her searing need to urinate. I abandoned him. If this were a real fight, I'd have left him to die for my own needs! How can I call myself a hero with that kind of priority? I need to run back and help him, but... It was notable that, despite her constant reprimands, Momo had yet to reverse any action she had taken. It could not be overstated how badly she not only needed, but wanted to pee. She'd been denied that human need too long and had to answer it, yet she had deep-rooted integrity this would be breaking. There would only be one victor, her mind or her bladder.

She looked between the direction she arrived from and the wall she was planning to drench multiple times, seriously needing to weigh her options, both had horrible downsides. She didn't even come to a clean verdict before her subconscious made the choice for her, she stopped her shameful potty dancing and stood firm. “No! If I falter now, I'll have proven I'm not cut out to be a hero! All the time I've spent, learning and training, all the support I've been given will have been for nothing! I won't give up! I will be a hero!”

She had a new fire in her heart to rival Endeavor's flames, but the spirit wasn't strong enough to override all her pain. There was a hero's resolve on the inside, but from what was visible, she still looked terrified, which would at least serve as a cover should she piss her pants. But she wouldn't run away this time, she was heading back into the eye of the storm. She wasn't able to make it far in the first place, however, so the sprint took almost no time. I only made it that far? I would have been heard if I decided to go! “Todoroki!”

Upon hearing Momo's voice, Todoroki looked up, or down in his incapacitated hanging position. “Yaoyorozu! I'm sorry for being so controlling! You had something you were trying to say earlier, didn't you? I'm listening now! I trust your judgment!”

That was the last thing Momo was expecting to hear. Todoroki, possibly the class's most promising student, was delegating responsibility to weak little her. It would be a swift resolution to her self-doubt, if she wasn't more preoccupied with a different matter entirely. Hurrying for her own sake, she swept away the caltrops laid beneath her partner's dangling body and untied the scarf binding him. He dropped, landing perfectly on his feet, ready to roll. Unfortunately, the last of Momo's strength gave out, and she could feel her bladder crack. “I'm sorry, but I can't right now,” she admitted, going all-in on grabbing her privates.

That was the last thing Todoroki was expecting to see. He looked over Momo, looking totally ready to burst, grimacing and bouncing. However, his only response was an exasperated sigh. “Out of time?” Her muscles stiffened to prevent an unintentional accident, it took real effort for her to even nod in agreement, but she managed. “Fine, I think we've got a minute before Mr. Aizawa catches wise. You better hurry.” He gestured to the wall surrounding the closest house, making a point to turn around and not look in that direction.

Momo did not need to be told twice. It no longer mattered that Todoroki was so close, or that their teacher could come across them at any moment, she'd be peeing in a minute whether she wanted to or not, better to not sully her costume. With no sense of shame or modesty, she bolted to the partition, and quickly entered the same position she assumed while getting ready to relieve herself before. Except this time, she waited for nothing, she quickly pulled her costume crotch aside and exposed her girlhood, spreading it between her fingers and pulling it upwards for aiming.

Much like its master, Momo's bladder was not going to wait. It had stayed strong all this time without even the slightest leak, and now that it was given permission to let loose, it did so with gusto. With force that could impress anyone, her off-yellow stream gushed out and crashed into the wall less than an inch below her hips, emanating a slamming, echoing roar and a pungent odor. In seconds, a triangle with her impact point as the top point spread down to the sidewalk, flooding in all directions once it hit flat ground, encircling her boots in no time.

Ordinarily, this would be the worst thing that could happen to Momo. She was in the middle of a very violent, private activity, exposing her most private parts, in an incredibly not-private location with someone else feet away just to ensure she could never keep it secret. However, all the negative implications were the farthest things from her mind, all she could do now was bask in the release. There was no more accurate word to describe it than “amazing”, she shivered, her chest heaved under heavy breaths, and she let out a staggered, high-pitched moan, all interrupted by the most coherent words she could form. “Hngh...nngh...mmpf...ahhhhhhhh...”

Eventually, the feeling of relief dampened, it was no longer enough to overtake the rest of her thoughts closing in on a minute after starting. She was once again in the real world, able to recognize everything wrong with what she was doing, far beyond public urination being illegal. Yet, somehow, she still didn't mind. Sometimes, a girl just needed to pee. It also helped that she trusted Todoroki to not say anything, everything she'd seen of him convinced her that he'd help if need be.

Finally, after possibly longer than ever before, Momo couldn't keep up the torrent at its current force. It didn't end yet, she was still able to continue at a rate more common for an average bathroom visit, but eventually even that had to stop. “Ugh...I did it...too close.” The puddle continued to spread outwards from origin, but its creator let her costume snap back to proper coverage, and let out one final sigh. Fear of discovery, and some amount of shame, kept her from looking at her mess, and she instead pivoted and quickly walked away. “T-thanks for the s-support,” she stuttered, not wanting to look Todoroki in the eye.

He got the message anyway, and joined her in leaving the scene of the crime. “No problem. Anything else bothering you now?”

“I think I'm good. And I've got a plan to win, too.” It was a miracle she didn't forget their actual goal in everything else she had to suffer through. She was confident, prepared, and ready to fight.

###

Momo was in a good mood. She didn't have to overtly embarrass herself, grown as a person, and had passed her final to boot. She was walking proudly to the room where her classmates, whether they had taken their test or not, were waiting. The door slid open, and she saw half the class watching a large screen on the wall, along with Recovery Girl running the system.

With the sound of her entrance, it was only a second before everyone noticed her appearance, but there were no congratulations. Instead, she saw their faces either drain of color or turn red, and none of them could look at her. “What's with the cold welcome,” she asked.

None of them replied, besides looking between each other for prodding and guidance, until Midoriya finally broke the silence. “U-uh, w-well...” It didn't answer anything, but he raised a shaking hand, pointing at the screen, prompting Momo to look. It was displaying various video feeds of Ochako and Aoyama, in their fight against Thirteen. Nothing about it offered any insight to her peers' attitude.

Wait...video feeds?! She wasn't in here prior to her test, she had no idea they were being so closely monitored. Clearly, there were a lot of cameras, most definitely in every examination ground. Her jaw hung agape at the horrifying implication, and she bolted to Izuku, grabbing him by the collar and clearly making him uncomfortable with the proximity. “How much did you see?!”

“I-I mean, not everything, but...enough?” Trembling, Momo dropped him, pupils shrinking and various unformed chokes emanating from her hanging mouth. They saw me pee. All of them did. And...that wasn't the only time I exposed myself! Did they see that too?! They saw me pee and they saw my breasts. She couldn't defend herself, only jump to the verge of crying and run out with her face buried in her palms, crashing into Iida on the way out, not even that was enough to make her stop. She might have been brave, but having to come to terms with this...that was too much for anyone.

*008*2017-09-30 12:56

{{12 minutes ago, Noone000 said:

Wait, when was the other kind of exposure?

}}

It wasn't in the story because the omorashi had already passed by this point, but it still canonically happened.
