Training from Hell (High School DxD)

Author: Captain L

*003*2021-10-27 20:11

Author's note: Story inspired by @AlphaHyoudou art.

###

"Hap! Hyah! Yah!"

One small circle of this forest of the underworld was about as far from being quiet as Heaven was from Hell. Though it was on the vast property of the illustrious Gremory family, the mansion that sat at the center was entirely out of sight. It was a necessity to be so far from the one piece of civilization that broke the untouched natural expanse, for even welcomed guests of the family’s only daughter couldn’t just destroy the building with their training.

As such, Xenovia Quarta swung her massive sword, Durandal, out in what was practically the middle of nowhere, where she could cause no lasting harm. Not to any humans or devils, thankfully, because Xenovia was strong, something only amplified by her holy sword. She could easily level a small section of this woodland if she so desired. And to the knight, that was awesome, she wanted more of it and that’s why she trained.

There was someone that did mind, however. Xenovia’s training companion for the day, fellow member of Rias Gremory’s evil pieces, the blond bishop: Asia Argento. Though the two had met under strained circumstances, with words like "witch" and "heretic" being thrown around, things between them had gotten better since Xenovia’s knighting. The two shared commonalities in upbringing, after all, both being former members of the church that had strayed from the path of God, so it didn’t take long for them to become close friends.

They had their differences, of course. The most obvious were the physical traits, Xenovia filled out a school uniform a lot tighter than Asia could with her two massive nun-bags, but personality diverged quite dramatically as well. Asia was not as forward or aggressive as her bosomy buddy; in fact, she wasn’t a fighter at all. Her role on the battlefield was through the usage of her Sacred Gear, Twilight Healing, as a support.

It was this lack of experience that caused her to shrink back and squeal with every loud, deadly swing of Durandal. "D-do you have to be so violent with it, Xenovia?"

"This is how you use a sword," she answered, dropping her sword by stabbing its tip into the soft dirt so it would stand upright on its own. "I need to become stronger. That way, when I bear Issei’s child, it’ll be as strong as it possibly can be!" Without wasting a moment, Xenovia got right back to her practice swings, as if nobody else were there.

But if anything could fire up the demure Asia, it was the prospect of someone stealing Issei from her. "No, I won’t lose! Even if you have bigger boobs, that doesn’t mean I’ll just give Issei up!" The bishop pouted, puffing her cheeks and crossing her arms. Though she was crabby, a warm smile still crept across Asia’s visage, having a friendly quarrel with a close companion.

Still, it wasn’t a happy enough moment to distract from the pit below her stomach, one filling with fluids. Soon, Asia’s smile moved to curve downwards, stifling a quiet squeal, and her knees arced inwards, slender legs quivering in her shoes. All perfectly natural physical responses to needing a bit of a pee.

This morning had been an early rise for Asia, as it often was back in the convent, when all of the members of the Occult Research Club gathered for a feast of a breakfast, so everybody could build up their strength for the rigorous training ahead. Koneko wolfed down her share and left before anyone else could pick up their utensils, dragging Gasper along with her, but Xenovia was almost just as eager to get to work, and so went Asia as well. In other words, no time for a bathroom break. She didn’t get to go beforehand either. Whatever Akeno was doing in the one bathroom near the bedrooms she knew how to find, she sure was taking a long time.

Softly, the bishop slid one hand down her thigh, her wrist pressing the hem of her uniform skirt against her sensitive skin. A light brush of her fingers against her private parts sent a shudder up her spine, distracting her from the mounting need for a moment, but it quickly returned unless she did something to stem the flow, even something as small as keeping her legs closer together.

It wasn’t that Asia had no experience with holding urine. Back when she was a woman of the cloth, the need to serve priest, congregation, and the Lord could often mean hours of fighting to not soil her cloth. Even in more recent days, the hours in class could seemingly drag on when she really needed it to end.

She had practice, but that didn’t mean she enjoyed it. The opposite, in fact: as soon as she felt she needed to go, it consumed her, she felt every little pulse from her bladder as if it were filling by the second, and the fear that it might all spill out when she least wanted it. It was a self-destructive cycle, she made herself sick worrying, and that only hastened the impending urination.

It was in her best interests to get to a toilet sooner rather than later, to avoid any potential accident. Problem, of course, being her location in the middle of the forest, where there were no ladies’ rooms; not even a dirty outhouse for emergency situations. Hesitant as she was to say anything, usually much preferring to keep this sort of act private, as God intended, Asia was left with little choice but to ask. "Um, Xenovia... I think we should maybe go back to the mansion now."

Finishing with her current, wide swing, Xenovia relaxed her sword arm as she turned to face Asia. "Why? We’ve only just gotten started, I’m still capable of going for far longer!"

"Y-yes, but I’m not sure I can... I mean, I could go, I really need to go, which is why I can’t go for much longer..." Even as she said them, Asia knew her words were jumbled and little more than nonsense, and as such, she subconsciously supplemented them with a bit of a dance. One foot was raised just off the ground, squishing one knee tight against the other as she twisted on her heel. With that worried glint in her green eyes in conjunction with the wiggling, Asia didn’t stand a prayer of hiding her real need.

She might have been better classified as "dumb muscle", but Xenovia picked up on it right away. "Ah, you need to urinate?"

"D-don’t say it out loud! It’s really embarrassing... But, yes..." Both hands clutching the front of her skirt, this time more out of shame than pee desperation (though there was still plenty of that), Asia found herself forced to look down, away from her friend.

As such, she didn’t see the way Xenovia looked at her, only heard her response once spoken. "So, would you prefer I stand watch?"

"W-watch?"

"Yes, while you are predisposed. I doubt anything particularly dangerous would bother us, after I scared them all off with my training, but better safe than sorry."

Asia’s heart leapt straight through her throat. "Y-you mean, d-d-d-doing it outside?! B-but we’re girls!"

"It’s not that hard," Xenovia assured. "Crouch the right way and keep up the pressure. Irina and I used to relieve ourselves in that manner often, when the church had us out on their missions."

Asia’s mind went totally blank. "S-s-s-s-s-s-" She stammered for several seconds straight, and when she finally pushed past it, she only had one word. "Sinful!" Squatting near the ground, unknowingly completing the first step in urinating outdoors, she covered her ears and shook her head violently.

Not that Xenovia didn’t understand the act of labeling of something unfamiliar as unholy, but it seemed presumptuous, and a little hasty, to dismiss the act of answer nature’s call while surrounded by nature. After all, if she didn’t, things could get a lot worse for poor little Asia. Maybe she just needed some confidence, some promise that it wasn’t a bad thing.

Lucky for her, she had just the idea. "I could also stand to urinate, actually." Some healthy hydration with breakfast in preparation for the sweaty day ahead, but it had all worked its way down her tract, now ready to fully exit her system, wherever she pleased. And she was already somewhere she found perfectly acceptable for such a task. "I can go first and show you how it’s done."

That got Asia’s attention real quick, but not in the hopeful way Xenovia would have liked. The bishop sprung to her feet, practically rushing like a bat out of hell in her haste to grab Xenovia’s shoulders, squeezing them so tight that it felt as though they might bruise. "No, you can’t! If you go, I won’t last, I’m sure of it!" Pulling back, she pressed her palms together, closed her eyes, and dropped her head. "Lord, please forgive this lost lamb, acting outside your design." Only once she had finished her prayer did Asia realize what she had done and recoiled back, expecting the usual sharp pain for breaking the natural order herself, yet it never came. She mentally thanked Issei once again for getting her ability to pray back.

Xenovia shrugged, backing off. "I still need to do some more training, so you may want to go back on your own if it’s really that bad."

Asia looked back in the direction of the Gremory mansion, though the dense population of woodland wholly obscured the grandiose building, and the heaviness in her chest grew a little denser. She wasn’t a fighter, and the underworld was a dangerous place; something terrible could happen to her were she to walk by herself, when she couldn’t expect the Lord’s protection.

She gulped. If Xenovia wasn’t going to accompany her, she didn’t have much of a choice. "I-it’s really not all that bad. I can wait until you’re done."

"Are you sure? It would be bad if you were to hurt yourself while holding."

"I-I said I’m fine," Asia shouted, sounding incredibly defensive. And she noticed that she had overdone it, because before long, she stepped back and broke eye contact. "S-sorry. You don’t have to hurry or anything, I-I can wait." She forced a smile, and made a point to stand in such a way that her legs were spread shoulder-width apart, not holding herself in the slightest.

She held that pose for what felt like a century, her smile wavering worse and worse, before Xenovia accepted her words. "If you say so." Though a very short sentence, it was one filled with apprehension, doubt, a feeling of distrust in her friend’s words. But what kind of friend would she be if she pressed the matter? If Asia said she could hold it, she could. After all, lying was a sin. So, with Durandal in hand, the knight went right back to solo training.

As soon as eyes were off her, Asia regressed right back to holding and potty dancing. It was a pretty pitiful display, only excusable by the total privacy she enjoyed. "Nngh...maybe I can’t do this..." Her abdomen pulsed and burned, filled like a balloon that had been way overinflated; she could just feel the stretches and strains of her bladder as it worked overtime to keep her dry. That was probably the main reason she was sweating buckets, dampening her white uniform shirt and turning it transparent, at least transparent enough for her pink bra to shine through. So many bodily fluids seeping through her pores, yet still, she was full to bursting.

And just thinking about it was only making things worse. The mass felt heavier with every brain cell spent focusing on it, poor Asia needed a distraction, something else on her mind. But nothing too taxing, lest she lose control inadvertently. Something like...a conversation. Yes, she just needed to start talking to Xenovia, and it’d take the edge off, surely. But about what? She was never great at small talk, and now, she only had one thing on the mind. "Um, I know this is kind of weird, but there was something I was curious about. That leotard-thing you wore when you were part of the church... How did you pee in that? Did you have to take the whole thing off every time?" A real normal question.

If Xenovia found it strange or an intrusion of privacy, she didn’t show it. If anything, her tone while answering was as casual as if she were talking about her hair. She didn’t even break stride in her training. "It’s hard to see, but there was a little slit at the crotch of the bodysuit, I just had to unfasten it first. It was a bit on the strange side, but it was convenient, I must admit. So long as the flaps stayed out of the way, of course, which didn’t always happen." Though the memories were hardly fun at the time, Xenovia couldn’t help but find herself smiling at the recollections. Moreso at the times it was Irina in trouble rather than herself.

Meanwhile, Asia immensely regretted asking that question, because it definitely put the image of her friend Xenovia peeing in her mind. She didn’t know it for certain, she had definitely never sought the information out, but something about Xenovia gave Asia the idea that she peed long and hard. And at this point, she herself could imagine matching that. Just spraying a pressure washer of yellowed water on the dirt ground...

"Ah!" She threw the brakes on that train of thought quick, but only after a tiny spurt of urine shot out of her "holy grounds" and soaked into the taut fabric of her underwear. It wasn’t much, only leaving a stain the size of a 50-yen coin, but that was only because of the timely intervention of her hands, shooting between her legs and up her skirt, clutching her groin with unholy strength, forcibly preventing any further leakage.

It worked, but only for now. She quivered and moaned at the exertion required to keep herself dry, even as she felt the radiating heat from her little leak on the center of her right palm. Even if she were in a proper, civilized building, she’d be dropping everything to run to the little devil’s room right now. So the thought that she didn’t have easy access to a toilet, and wouldn’t anytime soon, was despair-inducing. Yet still, she said nothing. She just threw everything she had into waiting for Xenovia to be satisfied with her work for today, pushing her patience to its limits.

So consumed by her fight, Asia completely failed to notice Xenovia stumble in the follow-through on one heavy swing, losing her balance as one foot stomped a new, hurried print in the earth to prevent a tumble. She froze, but her eyes darted down, and her left hand abandoned Durandal in search of a cozy hug from her thighs and crotch. A drop of sweat rolled down her cheek. "I might need to cut training short, for my own sake."

###

"Please! Please move out of the way!"

The front door to the Gremory mansion flew open, as if a starving, feral hellbeast awaited on the step. If anything, the monster might have had more restraint, because Xenovia’s swing of Durandal took the heavy door right off its hinges, bisecting it horizontally as it shot into the foyer with a crash like a cannon. It was quite the show of strength, given that she only swung with one hand. Her other hand was not moving from its death grip on her crotch.

Today had been a shorter day than Xenovia had initially wanted, due to "external factors", she did cut it off at some point when the discomfort became way too much to bear. That at least ensured she didn’t explode before getting back, but that didn’t mean she wasn’t close. She had definitely pushed her luck way too far before finally throwing in the towel, and as she bolted back to the mansion with stiff gait, she held her pussy with all the strength befitting of a knight. That kind of force was necessary, or she’d soon be greeted with a great flood to last forty days and forty nights.

Yet, even on this precarious precipice, she was still in a better spot than poor Asia. The bishop was a polite girl, so when she was told to wait, she did just that, quietly biding her time until Xenovia was finished. This gave her more than enough time to fill until she spilled, and here she was, bursting at the seams, sweating oceans, hands drenched in hot urine thanks to their unwillingness to move a hair’s breadth, terrified that the dam would burst if she relaxed the death grip even slightly.

It may have sounded overkill, paranoid even, but Asia’s level of holding was necessary, no two ways about it. Even with everything she had done, she had already half-wet herself. Her light pink panties had been thoroughly soaked, the wet spot reaching halfway up her butt and, thanks to a particularly violent bout of doubling forward during a leak, even stretched remarkably close to the little ribbon on the front waistband. Her pale inner thighs glistened with several trickles of pee snaking down her skin, drenching her white socks with yellow. And there was the quite large dark spot marking the front of her skirt as well, the inevitable result of her forearms holding the skirt against the spurting spout.

Yet, despite the liters she had already tinkled out, Asia was still brimming head to toe with pee. She had to go worse than ever before in her life, so it was no wonder she was in a hurry, a mad dash back to the mansion, where that heavenly toilet awaited. It wasn’t a run, not even in the loosest sense, she was just weighed down too much for that to be possible, but she kept pace when tunnel vision meant all she could see was the bathroom door approaching.

And approach it did. In a merciful act of architectural design, one of the mansion’s many latrines was located in the main foyer, its thick oak door visible right from the entryway. It was closed, but no light could be seen seeping through the minuscule slit between its bottom and the floor. "Thank the Lord, it’s free," Asia moaned, finding the motivation and strength to pick up the pace, somewhat. It was still agonizingly slow, giving her bladder ample time to inch closer and closer to the end, but the finish line was drawing close, and hope sprung forth like the fountain she was desperately fighting to stem.

It was easy to be optimistic that she’d scrape by this time, an optimism that continued to well up as the bathroom’s proximity drew closer and closer, filling her view until it was completely consumed by the brown door. Asia’s eyes began watering, tearing up from unfiltered joy that her trial was almost over.

But she soon had another reason to cry, when she saw a hand reach out to turn the doorknob. Asia had yet to brace herself sufficiently to remove either of her own hands from her crotch, meaning it couldn’t be her own. It could only belong to Xenovia. Asia had sort of forgotten she was there, right by her side. And she was just as desperate as Asia, so it was no wonder she was just as much of a rush to enter the bathroom.

Problem was, this wasn’t some school restroom with several stalls. This was a personal bathroom, meaning one toilet. That was the natural order for answering nature’s call: if one person was using the restroom, the other would wait outside. It wasn’t uncommon for Asia to wait outside the Hyoudou’s bathroom door for Rias to finish, but this was different. Asia had never been even close to this desperate while at home, something that cut severely into her waiting potential. Meaning, there was no potential for waiting. Asia had to use the toilet now, or she would pee herself.

But Xenovia was in the lead. She was the one reaching out to the door, leaning in to take the first step, her face softening as she prepared herself for the release in her near future. All she needed to do was make that move, and she’d be blocking Asia from passing through the one-person passageway that was the doorframe. From there, Asia would stand no chance of using the little girl’s room first, and no chance of avoiding an accident.

She only had one way to make her stand now. "Xenovia, please stop!"

Asia’s voice, even in a forceful shout, wasn’t that loud. The only reason it got Xenovia’s attention at such a critical time was because it was so unexpected, so close to her ear, that it succeeded in startling her. Asia couldn’t see, but she could have correctly guessed that the shock resulted in a squirt of urine in Xenovia’s panties. "C-can this wait?"

"No it can’t! I need to go first! Please, wait until I’m done!" Asia’s face was, to put it mildly, pitiful. There was just no denying that she was bursting, at the end of her rope. Her face was bright red and coated in a sheen of sweat, with the lines of tears from her bright, twinkling eyes reflecting the lights of the hanging chandelier. One would have to be heartless to deny the desperate pleas of this angelic girl.

Heartless, or in the midst of just as much of an emergency. "I’m sorry, Asia, but I really don’t think I’d be able to hold out long enough for you to pee-"

"Don’t say the word! I can’t take it!"

"For you to do it first! I’m absolutely bursting here!" Xenovia knew, even as she made her case, that it wouldn’t change any minds. Both her and Asia were bent forward, legs crossed at the jiggling knees, chests heaving, hands squeezing their girlhoods like there was no tomorrow. About the only differences between them at this juncture were Xenovia only holding herself with one hand, and having a fraction less urine dribbling down her thighs. So, technically, the knight was in a better state, but by a negligible amount. Both were at their holding limits.

Though Asia was just a hair further past the point of no return, or at least her bladder said so. It chose now to speak out, more like a scream, with an explosion of searing pressure from the quite-visible bulge on her belly. But no worries, because that fire was extinguished by a certain flood that gushed out in conjunction. There was no longer any way for her to claim, in good faith, that her panties were not thoroughly soaked, and it was in no way confined to her clothes. In fact, it dribbled in a heavy shower straight down between her legs, splattering on the waxed tile floor like a spilled drink glass. Somehow, she got it to stop after only a few seconds, something so difficult and straining that accomplishing said pause could only be described as an act of God, but it continued with more warm rivulets down her smooth thighs soon after.

Xenovia had stopped to have this conversation just as she turned the handle to open the door, and the shifting body weight in her little potty dance caused the door to become slightly ajar, the inside of the water closet being just barely visible from the outside. And Asia took notice. As soon as Xenovia instinctively reacted to the half-wetting happening within arm’s reach by doubling down on her holding with her second hand, Asia took the opening and barreled her body weight through, practically sending the door flying off its hinges. It was loud, but she couldn’t possibly care now, not with the shiny, immaculate white porcelain toilet immediately in front of her.

But she only got halfway across the room before someone burst in right behind her. "Asia, you have to stop!"

She did not. "I’m sorry, but I really, really can’t hold it any longer!" The trail of gold that marked her steps confirmed the truth. "Pee in the sink or something!"

Xenovia had considered that outcome, but only briefly. Said sink was a singular unit, and one only supported by its lone pillar to the floor. Its outer bowl walls were thin, hardly wide enough for a toothbrush to rest. The whole thing was nowhere near the necessary sturdiness to hold an adult-sized woman, especially not one with two heavy bombshells on her chest. If the knight could even find the strength or flexibility to climb over half her height to mount the sink, it would probably shatter into a hundred pieces before she could get her underwear off.

And, since her mind was already on the possibility of relieving herself somewhere other than the toilet, it’s fair to say she didn’t discover much to work with. Because this was a mansion with entire wings to spare, and because this specific bathroom was not situated in the living quarters, it was strictly meant to be used for guests to "powder their cheeks". Any bathing was done in dedicated rooms, so there were no extra drains or plumbing for her unorthodox usage. Shame, as Xenovia had plenty of experience with shower pees. Sometimes, convenience won out.

Asia could not be further from that mindset. She knew the toilet, and only the toilet, so she was using the toilet. With the chilly seat seemingly reaching out with invisible icy tendrils to stroke her legs, the bursting bishop turned to face their door, butting her butt into the toilet’s space, plenty of goosebumps sprouting on her rear end from the drop in temperature. She had exposed quite a bit of her rear, lifting the back of her skirt with one hand, flashing her drenched pink undies, sticking firmly to her plump, round ass. It wasn’t like it was glue, of course, as she quickly yanked the undergarment off by bunching the saturated cotton in her palm and thrusting down, the force making her rump jiggle and shake loose a few drips.

That would not be the end of the rain, not by a long shot. In fact, she only had her panties halfway down her butt cheeks before the holy water sprang forth once more, though it was obviously unable to dampen her bottomwear any further than it already was. The hot liquid jetted through the fabric as if there were no obstacle, and with remarkable force: she was angled towards the toilet, true, but her behind hovered a short distance above, making it all the more lucky and impressive how much crashed down into the standing water of the bowl, echoing out with a loud, pleasing ring. It almost made up for the other half that sprayed across the seat, the underside of the raised lid, or failed to build up any momentum and continued to run down her legs. Whoever came into this bathroom next would have a deep cleaning ahead of them.

In fact, it was looking like they’d have two different puddles to clean up soon, with the other being distinctly Xenovia-scented. The knight was still just inside the small room, frozen, paralyzed with desperation. She already had to pee substantially worse than anyone she had ever seen before today, that need multiplied a thousandfold, to a devilish degree, as soon as Asia’s number one hit the open air. The sounds of fluids colliding with one another inside the latrine was torture for sure, but somehow, the raw splattering of those same liquids instead meeting cold, unyielding surfaces hit Xenovia far harder, and broke her. She needed to piss, now.

But she couldn’t just sit on the toilet while Asia was using it, even if the bishop herself wasn’t sitting. Taking care of business the normal female way right now was just asking to get pee all over her lap. It was still possibly preferable to getting pee all over her legs and into her shoes, as it would if she didn’t move. And she couldn’t run to another bathroom, or even onto the mansion grounds, it would have to be here.

A flash of inspiration ran up Xenovia’s spine, hitching a ride with a rolling chill, offset by the boiling urine in her panties. Like a woman possessed, she bolted to Asia’s side, all but knocking her away with her wide, Issei’s-child-bearing hips. The physical impact, coupled with the startle of having her personal bubble popped, caused Asia to recoil and throw off her aim, making even more of a mess. "X-X-X-Xenovia, n-no! Get away!" Her scream was more like a screech, the sort of voice that should scare away either the screamer or the one being screamed at. And, for obvious reasons, Asia couldn’t move.

Xenovia theoretically could, but she didn’t. She much preferred to use her time to lift up her skirt and shove her ass out behind her, clad in a pair of sexy purple panties trimmed with black lace. The sight of something so seductive on her flawless feminine figure would win over any man, were it not for the sizable, though not absolute, pee stain on the crotch. Or maybe Issei was into that kind of thing. She’d be sure to ask him later.

Well, there was no point in focusing on her underpants, because she dropped them to her knees without delay to free her "sheath", one fit for any holy sword, while wiggling her butt to get it pointed straight and true at the watery target. Not that she had any visual confirmation, facing the opposite direction, she had nothing to rely on but her instincts. And even if they had any adjustments to make, they would be drowned out by those same instincts screaming about the natural need that really needed doing.

So maybe it was just blind luck that the ensuing torrent flew like a hose straight into the bowl. At least, as much as one could realistically expect; she was still a girl hovering well above the toilet, some mistakes were practically inevitable. She did get it into the toilet water, but the very most back, meaning she had only just reeled it in enough to not wash the seat, lid, and the hinges that connected them. She was hitting the water dead-on, and Xenovia was a power pisser under the best of circumstances, the splashback was high and it sprinkled all over the seat. It was probably for the best that she didn’t try to sit down once she had started.

And neither did Asia, not just because self-preservation warned against jumping into a direct line of fire. Or water, though it was so hot that it was difficult to tell them apart. The air of the underworld was that of a temperate climate, the inside of the mansion even more pleasant, but were it even slightly leaning towards the "cool" side, Asia had faith she would see steam rising from either of their torrents.

Even without the visual clue for the difference in temperature, the usual sign to how dangerously long their warm bodies held such a vast ocean of urine, it was still not a pretty sight. The fountains that abounded from their private parts, fueled by fluids that had stewed in their respective bladders for far too long, were both a dark, cloudy gold. Being out in the woods the majority of the day did make the two a bit dehydrated, but things could have been a lot worse if they had all the water they could drink out there.

Outside of that, Xenovia continued tradition of being the far stronger of the two, as even the muscles that compressed her bladder and forced its contents to void exerted more power. Asia’s spray was no small feat, but she was filling a sink and Xenovia was filling a pool. The number of drips with enough velocity to fly off weren’t even remotely comparable: it seemed like Xenovia was missing as much as she was hitting. Hers was also a decidedly different texture, much more frothy and foamy, building a thick layer of white bubbles atop the water, making it near-impossible to tell just how much the two had discolored and dirtied the toilet in a scant half-minute.

So Asia didn’t look, not at herself, and not at Xenovia. She didn’t look at anything, in fact. She just let her head fall as her neck went limp, her mind heavy and empty. She almost began drooling in a pure brainless stupor. Or maybe it was just bliss, bliss that sent repeated, quaking shivers through every muscle of her being. It took all her strength to keep her legs from buckling, the only thing keeping her from crumpling over was using her arms as support beams, with hands pressed against her knees. Still, her lower half was wet with a mixture of sweat and urine, so with every heave of her chest, her grip slipped a little.

But she wasn’t thinking about the possible bad outcome. She wasn’t thinking about the future at all. She was consumed by the present, by this moment, and all the pleasure it brought, more pleasure than she could dream of at night when she thought of Issei. As the torrent of pee gushed out, the inconsistent force, lowering and raising back up to its full power in waves with every breath, tickled her in just the right ways, and against her most sensitive areas. And even though it was simply the absence of pain, that steadily growing relief that came from no longer having a bursting bladder was just icing on the cake. It was like she had died (again) and gone to heaven. "Oooohh..."

Xenovia felt much the same way. Lacking the mental barrier that was shame or embarrassment, the knight could focus the entirety of her attention on the unfiltered, pure and heavy relief that flowed through her veins more than blood. "Aahhh..." Being a woman of the church for so long, she had entered well into her teenage years before feeling thrills of this magnitude. She had never done anything to herself to result in such ecstasy, and she had never let her bladder bloat and fill to a point that the simple act of urinating could bring anything in the galaxy of this level of euphoria.

The effort of holding enough water to flood the River Styx had heated her body as if it were burning in the flames of Hell; with every hard gasp, she could almost see her breath. A blush had long since bloomed on her face and it wasn’t going away, shining ever brighter thanks to the sweat that trickled from her brow, sliding down into her cleavage. And her breasts, a bountiful gift from the Lord, shook off a lot of that perspiration every time they bounced, jumping in such an extravagant way with each heave of the chest that it was all-but-impossible to believe she wore a bra as she did.

Of course, the sweat was nothing more than drops in the bucket compared to the other bodily fluids being expelled from the back end. The two members of the Gremory peerage continued to thoroughly paint the toilet behind them a shade of yellow, with little in the ways of accuracy or cleanliness. At this point, the two could do nothing but give themselves to the moment, relax and let relief untold wash over them in a golden, foamy, and stale-smelling wave. After all, no force in Heaven or Earth could stop what transpired in this small mansion water closet, so there was no point in fighting.

Every battle comes to a climax at some point, of course, so the monsoon from the bottom ends of two young women began to let up, if only slightly. If anything, the reduction in power eliminated some of the water tension keeping the torrents as uniform as they were, causing the final results to even further resemble a bad day in the rainy season. What little feminine neatness there was, it was shattered soon enough.

There was still one more feminine trait the two exhibited: now that the force behind their peeing had severely diminished, the distance it covered similarly fell, dribbling and dropping straight down from their protruding bottom ends. What was once kind of making it into the toilet had become a total failure in the art of standing peeing, splashing on the front of the seat and trickling down to the floor by their shoes. They could have potentially remedied this by leaning more into the half-squat, shoving their bums further back, but any further weight on their tired knees risked losing their balance. That, and neither of them thought of it.

It didn’t matter, because with one last spritz and a final shudder, Asia had nothing but single drops to give. Quite coincidentally, Xenovia also sputtered to a halt at roughly the same time...until she somehow found the means to start back up. And it wasn’t just a little trickle that woke up late, but a full-on encore performance of hissing, splashing, and moaning. It was like she had found a second bladder, full and eager to give.

But if that were the case, her secondary reservoir was of a much smaller size than the first, because once several seconds had passed, the second wind soon returned to a light gust, with the same lack of pushing power. A little more running into her socks followed, though not for long, and not that much. It felt like days had passed, it had been more than a minute for something that would ordinarily take half that, silence after so long was like total sensory deprivation. The only thing to break the vacuum was a drawn-out breathy sigh, courtesy of Xenovia: "Pheeeeeeeew, that’s a lot better. Thank God that’s over..."

Asia wasn’t even being that overt. She continued to gasp and wheeze as her head kept on swimming in a fog, her vision blurred with only one thing in the center of her gaze: her sopping wet pink panties, sagging down in the center between her legs, weighed down by a thorough saturation of her own making. Under any normal circumstances, it would appear that Asia had suffered a full-on accident, judging solely from looking at her underwear. Only her and Xenovia knew what a tiny fraction of her bladder it truly was.

But she wore skirts, so the bishop couldn’t go commando. She needed to have something protecting her unmentionables, at least until she could change into a clean pair. Taking a deep breath, steeling her heart for what she knew in advance would be disgusting in all sorts of ways, Asia bent down, subtly shaking her rump to dry it a bit, and grabbed the sides of her panties in her palms, probably the only part of her underwear that was still dry. She paused, really not wanting to go through with this, but still slid them up snug into place. Now they wouldn’t move without some deliberate effort, sticking to her person thanks to the extensive dampness. "Gugh..." She grimaced and winced, but she still stood up straight and let her skirt fall back into place without complaint, like a good girl.

From the side, Xenovia watched her friend’s underwear-related struggle, and considered her options. She had all the same problems as Asia, a skirt and wet panties, though not to the same degree. She hadn’t leaked quite as much, and she didn’t care about going partially bottomless so much. At least, for the short period it would take to return to her room for a new pair, several flights of stairs and all. She thought about it, more than she thought about most topics, but she shrugged and just pulled the panties up. She didn’t even wipe, not wanting to reach past Asia to get some paper for herself. Yes, there was a full roll of toilet paper on a spindle on the wall, Asia just hadn’t noticed it.

In fact, the bishop was in such a daze, it fell to Xenovia to dispose of their waste. Which, thanks to the ingenuity granted by man’s original sin of tasting the fruit of the Tree of Knowledge, was as simple as pushing a lever on the toilet’s tank, so she twisted her upper body back to reach for the flush. It was at this time that she finally got a good look at what she had expelled, helped by her buddy Asia, and it was a lot. Inside that toilet was nothing but a sea of yellow, at a visibly higher level than before their hosing, staining streaking up the sides in a way that would need some deliberate scrubbing to remove, and resting atop it all was a popping layer of tiny bubbles. But one push of the lever, and all of it went swirling away, replaced by cleanliness like they had never been here. "Haahh... Refreshing to have that over with, isn’t it, Asia?"

Asia didn’t feel quite so much better. She looked back as well, but instead of the clean inner bowl, her attention was instead drawn to the rest of the toilet that made up the bowl. She had overheard Rias scold Issei before for leaving the seat down and getting it wet; if he had left a mess even half as bad as this one, she’d have a fit. The seat was covered with way more than just some sprinkling tinkling, it was as if someone had poured a pitcher of lemonade all over the thing. Some of it had even crawled its way up the tank, somehow. They had even broken the boundaries of the bathroom, because there were little puddles all around the floor, starting with the trail that led from the door to them, concentrated around the latrine.

Though her face shone a bit pink from the physical sensation of relief, it turned pale as soon as the severity of the mess she had made sunk in. "I-it’s not ‘refreshing’ at all! We need to clean this up!" This time, she saw the toilet paper, and moved like a bullet to spin as much around her hand as she could. By the time she was done, half the roll was gone, and she had a white tail of triple-ply hanging from her hand all the way down to the floor, picking up some pee as it dragged across the tile. And right away, she got to work scrubbing, like she was making up for 17 lost years of practice for being Issei’s housewife, starting by bending forward to wipe the seat.

Speaking of Issei, once Xenovia had finished washing her hands and moved to finally give Asia privacy by leaving the bathroom, she saw the man in question standing alone in the lobby. She wasted no time running after him, waving her arm and calling out. "Hello, Issei! I had a topic I would like to ask your opinion on!"

As soon as his name passed through her ears, all of Asia’s movements stopped as if someone had hit a pause button on her. Fighting all her frozen muscles, she rotated her head with the effort and speed of someone opening a stuck jar, having to move one foot back to angle her torso to look further behind her, she found that Xenovia was correct: Issei was looking directly at them, and he was able to do so because the restroom door was open. And judging from his red, flustered, very perverted expression, he hadn’t just shown up, he’d seen a lot. He could do that because, in their immense haste, both Asia and Xenovia had failed to close the door on their way in. Anyone passing by could see everything that had transpired. Issei had done just that, and the girls had been too caught up in the moment to notice.

All of a sudden, the idea of tidying up was flushed from the bishop’s mind. The wad of toilet paper fell from her grip as she lost the will to use it, now replaced by the sole desire to run. And she did just that, her wet legs carrying her out of the bathroom and into the foyer, splashing her shoes back through the urine trail she had previously left while simultaneously adding to it with the tears flowing down her cheeks. "Noooooooo! Issei, please forget you saw anything! Pleeeeaaseeeeee!"
