Like a Flower - Chapter 1

Author: CatalyticCat

*000*2023-02-19 17:38

Like a Flower

Chapter 1

DISCLAIMER: There is an underage child character in the story, but they are not and will never be involved in any sexual/fetish situation throughout the course of the story, which includes even implied sexual/fetish scenarios. Any characters that will be involved in sexual/fetish situations will always be 18+.

CONTENT WARNING: This story deals with sensitive real-life topics, including but not limited to losing a loved one in death.

AUTHOR'S NOTE: This will be a multi-chapter story, so stay tuned because things will definitely get exciting, and ahem... wet! Hope you enjoy! Any feedback will be much appreciated, because as an author, feedback means so sooo much to me!

* * *

It was that spring when eighteen-year-old Erik got the call. The call about his little cousin Jayden losing his single mom to Covid. Jayden was only nine-years-old, and his mom had been terribly sick for the past couple of weeks. Erik remained hopeful that she would get better. But she didn’t. It was a shock because she was so young, only in her early thirties, and didn’t have any underlying health conditions that made her more vulnerable. Jayden himself was fine, and had never exhibited any symptoms and he’s also been tested negative multiple times over the past weeks through mandatory testing through the local school district.

For the past year Erik had been living in Montreal, a city of nearly two million people in the Canadian province of Quebec. He was attending a university there, studying for his dream of working in the aerospace industry, specifically the space sector of it. As a kid he’d always look up to the stars and wonder if anything else was out there.

If anyone else was out there.

His head was always ‘in the clouds’ as his parents would put it.

He knew though that there was more beyond Earth.

There had to be.

And he would be there, putting his all into helping humanity achieve that discovery.

But, the call he just got about his little cousin’s mom grounded him to Earth in a way that made his stomach feel sick.

And now, there he was, standing barefoot in the kitchen of the two bedroom apartment with just a t-shirt and basketball shorts over his skinny frame, still gripping his phone to his ear even though the call had ended.

Jayden had already been staying with him for the past couple weeks ever since his mom was admitted to the hospital. It was supposed to only be temporary arrangements, which is why Erik saw no problem with taking care of Jayden despite living in a two bedroom apartment that he was splitting the rent of with a roommate who of course had the second bedroom.

But permanent?

Legal guardian?

Basically, coming down to him becoming an adoptive dad at eighteen-years-old.

He dropped his arms to his side, staring away lost in thought.

He loved Jayden to death, and had instantly bonded with the little boy since moving from Halifax, Nova Scotia, to Montreal. He was also after all the only family he knew in the area. Well him and his mom. Or... at least was his mom.

Now...

It was just Jayden.

There was no living or known immediate family to Jayden, and so Erik was the next closest relative.

Erik of course had the choice of turning down the offer to become the kid’s adoptive dad, but if he did, then the social worker he was speaking to on the phone made it very clear to him that Jayden would be put into foster care.

So either he adopts Jayden, or he lets Jayden fall into the foster care system.

His head was telling him one thing, and his heart was telling him another.

And it was his heart that came through in the end.

He was now Jayden’s adoptive dad.

He flinched at feeling a small hand grabbing a hold of his, but his face softened at looking down and seeing Jayden. He felt his heart melt.

The way Jayden was just standing there in nothing but his Paw Patrol pajama bottoms, peering up at him with such a gentle curiosity in his eyes, hair messy from clearly just having gotten out of bed. “You ok?” Jayden asked with a little giggle.

That was the question Erik should’ve been asking him though.

“Um...” he cleared his throat, and smiled at him. “Yeah, I’m ok.” He brushed the boy’s messy hair back from his forehead, and the boy smiled shyly at him, cheeks flushing a little.

This kid melted his heart every day, and he’d give the world for him. He was like a little brother he never had.

It was a late spring Saturday morning so neither of them had school to be at. Originally Erik had been planning to take Jayden to the Science Centre down at the Old Port district, and he knew how much Jayden would be looking forward to it. Sure, he could take him and break the news to him after they got back home, but that felt wrong. He needed to tell him right now.

But, as he sat across the kitchen table from the little boy, whose face was lit up as he enthused about going to the Science Centre while trying to chew his cereal at the same time, Erik felt pain to his heart. The facade... it could go on, if he let it. It was a nice warm sunny spring day.

But, he couldn’t.

“Jay?”

“Yeah?” he piped up, the soft colour of his eyes just ever so more vivid from the gentle golden glow of the morning sun streaking across the kitchen, as he stared across at the man in excited anticipation.

Erik felt like he was going to be sick.

He didn’t want to do this right now.

Jayden was just so... alive, right now.

Such... life, in those gentle eyes of his. That playful curious face.

But he had to.

“I uh...” Erik struggled to get his words out. “It’s... well um, your uh, your mom...” his heart sunk so very painfully at seeing the sudden change of expression on Jayden’s face. The sudden depleting of the vivid colours from his eyes, from his face. As if... he knew, before Erik even told him. “She di- didn’t make it- they tried everything they could at the hospital but... but she didn’t make it.”

The little nine-year-old became so vulnerable looking that Erik swore a small gust of wind would be all it took to finish the boy. “Wha-” the boy choked up, gripping his trembling hands at the edge of the table, his eyes glossy and his lips quivering as he tried to choke out his words. “What do you mea-”

“She di-”

Jayden didn’t even let him finish his sentence. “Wh- Where is she?” he choked out.

Erik felt himself choking up, and had to put everything into not just breaking down and crying right there. “She’s...” he took a shaky breath. “She’s somewhere we can’t go right now.”

“When?!” he squeaked out.

“Somewhere...” he cleared his throat, and rubbed his face with a groan. “Somewhere we can never go,” he whimpered out. Erik had been trying so hard to hold himself together for the sake of Jayden, but he couldn’t anymore. He tried to open his mouth to try and console the boy, but instead, a weak little sob escaped from his throat. And the room became blurry through tears. He sniffled, and although it physically hurt to hold back his own crying, he managed to recompose himself... for Jayden. Sniffling, he wiped his eyes, but nearly broke down again when he saw the state Jayden was in.

Jayden was slumped in the chair, his fragile little body racking with sobs.

“Oh JayJay-” he came over and pulled him off the chair into a tight hug, burying his mouth into his slightly sweaty hair with a kiss, soothingly rubbing his hand around the small of the boy’s back. He felt the boy’s whole weight, which although wasn’t much, fall completely limb into the tight hug. He felt the front of his shirt getting wet from a mix of the boy’s tears and what was probably also saliva and snot, but he didn’t care. That was the last thing on his mind.

It wasn’t too long before his roommate, Kade had come out sleepy-eyed looking around in confusion, but as soon as Erik met eyes with him from where he was still tangled up in a tight hug with the broken little boy, Kade’s eyes widened in realization, and with only a brief moment of hesitation, Kade gave him a small sheepish wave and went back into his bedroom being careful to be quiet when he closed the door.

Under normal circumstances, he would’ve instantly perked up engaging Kade into conversation, because honestly after nearly a whole year of living together, they’d become more than just roommates. Erik wanted to say ‘friends’, but it felt a little more than that. He liked him, he really liked him, but sometimes it was hard for him to place what exactly that meant. Kade seemed to get along with Jayden too over the past two weeks Jayden had been staying here, which was great. That was initially Erik’s main fear, that his roommate might not like having a little kid hanging around all the time. But much to his relief, Kade had actually taken what seemed to be a genuine interest in the boy, sometimes the two of them even playing video games together.

Going to the Science Centre was obviously totally out of the question, and wasn’t even a sliver of a thought on Erik’s mind now.

From that point on, all Jayden wanted to do was cuddle with Erik on the couch. He refused to leave his side for more than a few seconds. Even when Erik went to the bathroom, he had to keep the door ajar a little with Jayden waiting outside making sure he would ‘come back out’. And the instant he would come back out of the bathroom, Jayden would cling to him so tightly that it was hard to even walk sometimes because he kept having to avoid stepping on Jayden’s feet.

Jayden was naturally a cuddly boy, and more than once prior to this, Erik had woken up in the middle of the night to find Jayden snuggled up with him under the blankets on the bed rather than on the air mattress he had setup for him on the floor right beside the bed. But at least previously at that point there was some level of space, where Jayden didn’t feel the need to cling to him every second of the day.

Now though... Jayden just... had to be close to him all the time. And he’d whine upset if Erik tried to go off and do something else in the apartment without him.

The kid just lost his mom though, and Erik was all he had left, so Erik understood. He understood too well actually. He knew Jayden just didn’t want to... lose someone else. That’s what it was. It didn’t take a psychologist to realize that.

Erik still hadn’t even told Jayden the whole story yet. He had only gotten to tell Jayden the part about his mom being gone now. But he hadn’t been able to get to the part about him being his adoptive dad. Of course, there would be plenty of paperwork he’d have to do in order to make it legal and official, but as far as actual living situations were concerned, Jayden was already right where he needed to be.

Right here, with Erik.

