Quest ideas needed for our omorashi game!

Author: CofS

*000*2023-11-11 13:33

I posted something similar in the art section asking for ideas. A few of us have been working on an omorashi/kink themed RPG for a while and have been looking for a writer to create quest chains that we can then develop. We haven't found anyone long-term, so we figured asking people on here to give us ideas for characters or scenes we can build quests around might be useful.

The game is a steampunky fantasy style based (loosely) in the setting of Alice in Wonderland and you can play as either the Maid (Alice) or the Hatter. The main character can also interact with different NPCs along the way. Later on you can unlock other playable characters too.

The only restrictions are:

* Characters have to be adults (strictly no underage content).

* No copyrighted characters (we can't include Black Widow, Spiderman, Harley Quinn, etc in the game).

* It has to fit in the victorian-ish game setting (so no modern/futuristic tech post 1900, aliens, space environments).

If you want to add more detailed information about the character/scene or get more involved in creating the quests, you're welcome to. But just ideas would be great!

*003*2023-11-12 10:48

Thank you both. Those are great ideas! And to confirm, the game is a mix of puzzles and combat. Although I should have been more clear. It's more the characters and interaction we need content for. We have a pretty good collection of ideas for puzzles, 'escape' type rooms (we're definitely using the shrink/grow potions from AIWL), dungeons with obstacles, mazes, traps, collectibles, mini card games, etc (the usual things you get in RPGs). But it's coming up with NPCs and dialogue/motivation to direct the player from 'the location with escape room A in' to 'the place where they will need to complete puzzle B'.

For example, the first chain of quests in the game introduces the character to the underground group of people they will be working for, after he/she meets them in a tavern. When you speak to one of them, they drop certain information explaining some of the backstory to the game, the main antagonist, and you are roped into working with them which unlocks the rest of the game. You have to speak to the tavern owner to get a room for the night and he gives you tasks to complete since you don't have enough money. While doing those tasks, the tavern cook has you run an errand in return for giving you a key that you need, and as a result you gain access to the tavern cellar where you find a different item that another NPC was looking for earlier on, which unlocks the next quest, etc.

So within that quest chain, you are introduced to 5 NPCs who have different motivations for being involved and wanting you to complete certain tasks, you gain information on the main plot and antagonist, gain access to additional areas of the map, and unlock the next quest chain.

Other quest chains in the game either move the main plot forwards or are location-focused as side quests and more for the purpose of exploring that specific area (to pick up useful items, level up skills, or access other parts of the main quest).

