Sharing some MLB fanfics

Author: cathong

*000*2019-11-07 10:24

Miraculous Ladybug is a 3D CGI cartoon series about the life of some Grade 9 superheros.

(Note: Main characters are Grade 9 in French dub version. But they are grade 10 in English dub version. Since the background in set in Paris, and Disney didn't rearrange they ages, I prefer the former one.)

(Note: All the main characters are at least 13 according to canon, no pre-adolescent. The leading character Marinette is believed to be the youngest one but it she looks old enough to be passed as a 16-year-old.)

Though it is a cartoon series for young kids, there are plenty of fanfictions with muture contents or questionable contents.

(Note: The plot of Season 2 and the first half of Season 3 is not in its best condition and it may be misleading at times. So I don't recommend let young kids watch that part alone without parental guidence, even though it is said to be a cartoon for kids.)

Back to topic. There are plenty of MLB fanfics, but it seems that there are not much with omorashi/pee-desperation element. I managed to find some and here I share four of them.

(Note: Only two of them were made as stories for kinks, but all have enough omorashi/pee-desperation content.)

1, Switched

(Note: This fanfiction is about body swap, not anything hardcore. The pee part is not its focus.)

Omo Victim: Marinette, Adrien

Related Tags: Body Swap, Genderbender, Pee Desperation

Link(s): (both the same work, just different websites)

%https://www.wattpad.com/story/64756498-switched-miraculous-ladybug

%https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11813086/Switched

This fanfiction is about body swap, not anything hardcore and the pee part is not its focus. However, the story of toilet dilemma after the body swap takes about half a chapter, and that part is enough to be taken as an omo work independently. It desceribed how a girl(actually a young gentleman trapped in the body of a girl) suffers from a filling bladder while trying her(his) best to save her dignity and privacy with details.

The pee desperation part is in Chapter 5. Or more precisely, starts at the end of Chapter 4 and ends at around the middle of Chapter 5.

(Note: The author has no sign of any interest into omorashi, so please DO NOT harass him/her with possibly unwelcomed messages and DO NOT spam in the comment places. (Actually... He/She has not shown up since the last update years ago, so it is highly possible that he/she has abandoned these two accounts.) )

2, Hacer pipi de pie es divertido

(English Translation(Google): Standing pee is fun)

(Actually, its author's right in this forum: @Papergami

)

Omo Victim: Marinette

Related Tags: Pee Desperation, Standing Up

(Note: Though it doesn't contain scat, it mentions poop several times in the first half as the plot requests.)

Link:

%https://www.deviantart.com/papergami/art/Hacer-pipi-de-pie-es-divertido-706071505

I guess the title says enough about the content, all about an unlucky girl using desperate measures under desperate pressures as usual. The passage is in Spanish, but is very Google-translator-friendly. It has only a few mistakes when google translated into English.

3, Adrien has to pee

Omo Victim: Adrien

Related Tags: Pee Desperation

Link:

%https://www.wattpad.com/318856979-adrien-has-to-pee-this-is-what-adrien-gets-for

This is a hilarious comedy fiction with safe rate, has plenty of plot twists but not much detail in full bladder feelings. The pee desperation part works only as an element of humor.

Yet I still list it here in case anyone may like it.

4, A Little Tray

Omo Victim: Adrien/Chat Noir

Related Tags: Pee Desperation, Latex, Wetting

Link:

%https://archiveofourown.org/works/12607328/chapters/29092275

If you click in the link above, you would find it is actually one article among an omorashi dribbles collection with fanfictions of different works.

I was glad to find a writter who was interested in both Miraculous Ladybug and Omorashi. But she claimed that she has quit fanfic writting and omorashi.

P.s. Leave message below this topic if you find any writters/artists into both MLB and omo.

I may try to write some MLB Omo fanfics later this year. But the problem is, I'm not a native English speaker and almost knows nothing about French. Besides, the school takes a large percentage of my spare time. So don't hold too much hope on me.

*001*2019-11-07 10:29

P.s.

@diokno44x

@trekkie

@Koshi

: I hope this topic may help in some ways.

@trekkie

: I find your theory on their fighing suits. My headcanon is slightly different from yours, that I think those supernature(aka. magic) suits do not provide a better pee holding ability, but can slow down their physiological activities. In this way, Miraculous heros can last longer without food, water, and air, and also with less need for bathroom breaks. But the suit can not remove already exsiting body watse and their kidneys are still working in a slow rate. Both theories can make good stories, what do you think?

*006*2019-11-07 23:25

{{2 hours ago, Bismiris said:

Totally thought it was Major League Baseball fics before I clicked

}}

{{1 hour ago, EthanDaOmoWIz said:

Me too lol

}}

Sorry for misleading. But an overly long title may take too much space.

*013*2021-03-26 11:18

{{On 3/11/2021 at 11:37 PM, omoraashee said:

@cathong

Hi! I'm the author of the 'Litter Tray' omovember fic Thank you for including my fic in the list, I'm really honoured

I just wanted to let you know that, while yes I did went on a hiatus with writing and omo, I have since returned to writing omo fanfics! And I remember you asked me a few years ago for a Ladybug omo fic. If you still want this, feel free to let me know! I was stuck on what exactly I should write it on since I've only seen about half of the first season of ML (I am planning on watching it through maybe this summer when I have some time, so maybe then I will get some more ideas).

In fact, I was actually planning on writing a Ladybug omo fic as part of the omovember 2020 prompt list (specifically the prompt 'Wardrobe malfunction'), I was thinking I could double up the prompt and also your fic request in one if you don't have a specific idea for the fic? But if you have a separate idea do let me know and I can write that for you separately.

}}

@omoraashee

Actually, I have a LIST of ideas. The problems are, 1. for me, I'm not a native English user, writting English fictions is too much for me; 2. some ideas invloves knowledges from more than the first half of season1.

And just like what I said in the topic, "The plot of Season 2 and the first half of Season 3 is not in its best condition and it may be misleading at times. So I don't recommend let young kids watch that part alone without parental guidence, even though it is said to be a cartoon for kids." French style romance plots can be really annoying at times, try to stay calm when watching Season 2, 3 and special episodes. But I still recommend it beause I am a great fan.

Here are some ideas:

1. Marinette was clearly not in the mood to design a reasonable and fashionable battle suit when she first became Ladybug, I believe this is the reason why Ladybug is in a plain looked and perfectly seamless bodysuit which can only be removed by detransformation. This can be awkward since Marinette can be forgetful when she's in a hurry, like when she need to use the bathroom but forgets she can detransform until she's not longer in a hurry.

2. I believe in a fan theory that, since Miraculous provides energy for wielders, that they actually don't need to eat or drink when transformed, at least not in a few days, maybe they don't even age when transformed. This is not confirmed by Zag, but goes along well with many plots. However, by logic, I don't think this convenient mechanism can remove existing body waste, and with a fan theory for omo uses that they still need to get rid of excessive water if there is too much water in blood, a bunch of omo fic ideas can be generated from this.

3. Alya is a devoting journalist and editor, and you know what can happen.

4. Chloé has a twisting personality, it is a well accepted R18 fanon that she is a BDSM lover in both S and M side and is secretly enjoying Marinette's scolding. There can be a story about this fan theory.

5. Chloé has a strong self-control will power that she can refuse Hawk Moth's offer if she doesn't like it, only problem is she's not willing to use it to prevent herself from doing bad things in most cases. This self control can be put to use in certain aspect for the sake of fanfic plot.

Kagami(new character indroduced in Season 2) has a challenging and fearless but introvert personality. She's from Japan and you know Japenese girls can be shy at it even for a warrior like her.

They don't get along well with each other, and certainly don't want to show their weak side to each other.

Things can get out of hand when they have to stay together in some social activity, like a banquet, but lasts more than only a few hours and involves outdoor activities.

Strong women/girls surrending to bursting bladders and enemies turned to some kind of friends after dealing with a common crisis are both interesting plot ideas.

6. The rabbit hero went through a 4000 years long dormancy, and she goes to the bathroom just like ordinary morning routine after greeting Ladybug and Chat Noir. (Senson 3, Timetagger)

What if, her bladder and bowels becomes more sensitive than usual during the 4k years long sleep, that she soon regerts not go before dormancy?

7. A lot of people want to see Lila humilliates herself when her shenanigan aimed at Marinette backfires. There can be different fanfic ideas with different kinds of shenanigans available.

8. There are cases that sphincters become numb during extreme holding, that someone can not let go at once on the toilet after a long holding. Sometimes it may need medical attention, but usually can goes away by itself, yet often leaves pain or discomfort and frequent urination problem in next days.

This can happen on a girl with both strong will power and strong PC muscles.

Since I already listed Chloé, here goes Alix fanfic ideal as an example: There can be a story where her videogame combat with Max turns into a combat of bladder, since they are equally noob at a new game that neither of then can defeat the other side easily. Unknown to Alix, Max as a well-prepared semi-professional gamer literally has everything considered, including the obvious plan for an overtime game. He did not tell Alix because he doesn't think this is necessary rather than actually feels shy about wearing diaper. Alix took it too serious without this knowledge, she did not ask for a single bathroom break through night till she won the game almost noon. She felt like dying from abdominal pain and nausea when the joy of winning subsided, and later panicked fearing a bladder rupture when she is "locked".

She may cry for Max's help, or prefer not letting anyone know and managed to regain control of lower muscles after a few or more minutes. Things can be interesting when she asks Max his trick of avoid batroom break when either as soon as she recovered from feeling of emptying her baldder or days later still having a sore low abdomen. If Max was not called for medical knowledge support during that time, he may think Alix was on diaper just like him or would had asked game pauses, and spending unusually long time in bathroom can be explained as changing out of dirty diaper or taking a poop.

9. Original akuma can be a good MLB fanfic element. Or rewriting the battle with canon akumas. Akuma directly or indirectly linked with omorashi themes can make interesting MLB omofics.

9.1. And this is a kind of bizarre ideal, with bodypart theft fetish. For example, Ladybug has her lady part erased or taken during a battle, the akuma went in hide so she can not cast the Miraculous Cure, or the battle has been over but there is a Miraculous malfunction. With whole private part including outer genital and whole length of urethra and lower half of vagina missing or unfunctioned, she can not urinate and masturbate. She can't ask for a medical surgery because this may leave a permanent surgery result. So in the first case , she must catch the akuma before literally bursting, and in the second case, she has to wait for a reconstruction from Tikki the kwami of creation which may take several hours if not a whole day.

The story can contain both scenarios. First she got hit by the power in the crotch, then the akuma got away, some time later she found herself unable to pee and got warned that she may lost this part permanently if gets sugical method involved. She finally caught the akuma in agony, but her yo-yo was damaged. Everything seemed normal and yo-yo was fixed by the Miraculous Cure, but she is later horrified to find herself with nothing between legs. What adds to her agony is she still needs to attend school in the afternoon and has to pretend nothing is wrong.

A plot twist can be that, to relieve her wielder's pain or to prevent serious inner injury(and embarassment), Tikki enlarged Marinette's bladder capacity by copy&paste bladder wall as a fast but temporary relief during a class, since reconstructing the whole groin area or at least urethra still need more time but Marinette is at the brim of mental breakdown and can't wait a few more hours. So after this unforturnate incident, Marinette has a double sized huge bladder.

Pixelator's ability is convenient if you don't bother creating an original akuma.

9.2. A less extreme idea is mind altering. The concept of toilet and excretion are taken from Ladybug/Marinette's memory/mind, this problem is not fixed either because the akuma is still at large or because Ladybug can not fix herself if she does not know she is not in right shape(which is a not very popular but useful fanon). She either as Ladybug or as Marinette feels increasingly uncomfortable in lower abdomen in the rest of the day but has no idea what is happening. There is a similar work in this site but about Jinx's first time dealing with a human body not about MLB, it can be taken as a good reference,

9.3. Both ideas can also have a Chat Noir version. But if he needs a reconstraction, he needs to ask Ladybug.

10. The most common plot, a bunch of people struck somewhere and some of them if not all need to pee. Where and when and how can be various.

10.1 If you want to turn this into a series work, what happened in 9.1 can give Marinette an advantage in this incident. Max can sell NASA quality diapers as a "help", this can be a humourous factor, when more and more people giving up dignity(but almost no one buys overpriced diapers because bottles are clearly cheaper), and Alix may be reminded of her unfortunate experience during 8 and the next week of sore bladder. There can also be a story with Lila trying to make Marinette wet herself without knowing she now has a cow baldder, instead somehow she gets herself in a dilemma and her manipulating ability doesn't work on her own biological need.

11. Bodyswap and genderswap can lead to awkward scenes.

11.1. Genitalswap or genital transformation/partial TG is even more interesting. Unfortunately, this is a rather uncommon theme.

If you don't find these ideas appealing to yourself, you can still take some inspirations.

*014*2021-03-29 10:07

{{On 3/26/2021 at 7:18 PM, cathong said:

9.2. A less extreme idea is mind altering. The concept of toilet and excretion are taken from Ladybug/Marinette's memory/mind, this problem is not fixed either because the akuma is still at large or because Ladybug can not fix herself if she does not know she is not in right shape(which is a not very popular but useful fanon). She either as Ladybug or as Marinette feels increasingly uncomfortable in lower abdomen in the rest of the day but has no idea what is happening. There is a similar work in this site but about Jinx's first time dealing with a human body not about MLB, it can be taken as a good reference,

}}

@omoraashee

Correction: It's about Juvia not Jinx

