Noelle's Bloom (Genshin Impact)

Author: cplwet

*000*2022-12-26 19:37

Disclaimer: All of my stories are written with the help of AI to varying degrees, though I still write the majority myself.

(Story is written from the Traveler's POV, and its not specified whether it's Aether or Lumine. This is intentional.)

"Leave it to me! all of it!" Noelle, the maid of the Knights of Favonius, eagerly exclaimed, ready to be your live in maid. of course she would still help the people of Mondstadt whenever she could, but she wanted you to know you were her first priority. Losing a bit of confidence, she shuffled her feet. you couldn't tell if she was just nervous, or needed the toilet. "what exactly is...'it'?" she blushed, "I didn't quite catch your request"

She paused then added "You can ask me for anything, anything at all, and I'll do my best to fulfill it." Noelle said.

You smiled at her. She looked around nervously before leaning closer as if to whisper something. "But first, may go to the bathroom?" she giggled. You laughed along with her, shaking your head no.

Noelle's eyes widened at your response. "oh...okay then..." she stood back up straight and seemed to get herself under control. "so what will you have me do?

You sat down on the couch, watching over as she walked across the room. The maid of the knights was a petite girl, about 5'1". She had short silver hair that went past her chin. Her bangs were trimmed very neatly, but the rest was left long enough to brush against her neck. For this occasion she had forgone her customary armored hybrid outfit with a more traditional maid's dress and cute heels.

She was momentarily lost in thought, but then realized why you said no. "Oh, right!" she said, remembering, which made her turn red. she spoke again softly and nervously. "Right here then?"

"Yes, please." you replied.

Noelle crouched down, in the corner of the room, the skirt of her outfit draped over her knees, cascading onto the the floor behind her and on either side and her pink panties on display from your viewpoint in front of her.

"I'll do my best" she repeated with a blush. she closed her eyes for a moment and relaxed, then looked at you. her panties darkened in color slightly, and you could see a small drop of liquid leak out.

"There we go" she whispered softly, looking up at you again. "Can you see ok?" she asked.

You nodded, and watched her slowly relax again. Her panties started to darken more and droplets started to hit the carpet below. She stopped for a minute, and tensed up.

"Oh...dear. I'll have to clean up after this..." she said, starting up again. The maid released herself once more into her panties. they grew wetter and wetter.The droplets became a small stream that trickled onto the floor. Her face flushed bright red as she continued to pee. The flow increased, and more leaked out onto the floor. A dark stain spread across the carpet beneath her like a blooming rose, glistening wetly.

She let out a sigh of relief as she finished, and she glanced at you to see you smiling "Was.. that to your liking?" she asked, smiling back at you.

"Very much so" you told her. Noelle blushed. You stood up, walked over and offered her your hand. She took it, and stood up, facing you, her panties stained and soaked in urine.

"Would you like to change?" you asked, knowing you'd help her take care of the mess yourself.

"N-no thank you" she mumbled shyly. "I'm fine in these." You chuckled at her response, and opened the door.

"Did you enjoy that?" you asked her.

"Definitely" she answered, smiling brightly. "if its for you, I love it" She took your arm, and leaned into you. She held onto you tightly.

"Want to go to dinner tonight?" you suggested.

"Oh, wonderful! I'd love to!" she said, looking up at you. "but for now..." she thought for a moment. "Would you like some tea? I can brew you some!" she said excitedly.

"Sure, tea sounds good, Noelle" you said with a smile.

"Okay!" she said happily, and hurried off, leaving droplets on the floor in her wake. she stopped at the doorway and looked back. "Do you take sugar? One cube or two?" she asked

"Two's fine" She nodded and vanished into the kitchen. She returned soon after with a steaming tray of tea.

"Here you are," she said with a smile, setting it on the table in the sitting room. "i hope you enjoy it"

"Thank you very much, Noelle" you said. "you'll join me of course?"

"Oh! Yes... of course!" she said. She hadn't thought that far ahead. She paused a moment before taking a small towel and setting it on the adjacent chair to your own and lifting the back of her skirt, sitting down on it to join you without her panties sullying her dress or the chair itself. She blushed a bit, but settled in comfortably, readying your tea before serving some to herself.

***

You thought back to how this started. Noelle had been assigned to help you not long after you had shown your abilities in helping to defend Mondstadt and she had studied you ever since. She had figured out your favorite foods, your most visited places, and even your usual routines better than you did. Noelle felt it was her job to ensure you felt welcome and comfortable. As time passed, Noelle started visiting you more often in your room at the inn. After a while she began to ask if you wanted her to come over every day, and eventually she just kept coming over whenever she felt like it. She became an ever present staple in your life.

Noelle had learned your habits well enough to know when you were going to be out late. She usually brought you dinner, and would wait for you until you came home. Sometimes she'd wait a bit too long and by the time you arrived home she had to rush to the bathroom right away. As perceptive as she was, she noticed you seemed to take special interest in her when that would happen, and so began to be less careful about it, to see how you would react. More than once you had come home to find her with streaks of urine down her stockings as she greeted you with a curtsey. She'd apologize, and then tell you to make yourself comfortable while she cleaned up. The look in your eyes made it clear what you were thinking. She got plenty of practice cleaning up after herself. Eventually she decided to take a chance, and one night decided to give you a show, pissing herself in front of you shortly after you arrived.

It had taken her a few weeks to get up the courage to do that, but she was determined to please you, and so she finally did. She had turned a deep shade of red and started to mumble an apology till she realized you didn't seem upset at all, and in fact seemed rather pleased. She blushed again and waited for you to say something. You quietly came forward and admitted to her you liked it, and thanked her. She looked into your eyes after that, and then the two of you kissed for the first time. It was awkward and clumsy, but you both smiled afterwards. After that you told Noelle she could stay the night if she wanted, and so she did. Before long, she stayed nearly every night.

At first she slept in the spare bed that had sat unused in the inn room, but a few times had slipped into your bed when the nights grew cold, making up an excuse that she was worried you'd get sick if you didn't stay warm. Eventually you were able to get your own place thanks to Madam Ping, and that's when she asked if she could be your personal maid permanently in your new home.

***

Within a month after you had moved in with Noelle, you were enjoying each other's company even more than you had before. While Noelle still kept up her duties with the Knights, she also helped you on your travels, and the two of you began dating. She had become a very important part of your life, and you couldn't imagine being without her. However she still insisted on being your maid.

"Whenever you need me, I'll be there. Just leave it to me!"

