Boku no Hero Academia: The Camping Trip

Author: Char242

*000*2018-12-19 07:50

Part 1: The Misunderstanding

It was a little after eleven in the morning when U.A class 1-A arrived in a forest clearing. Final Exams had just ended, and summer break was just around the corner along with the school trip to a training camp in Beast’s Forest just a week away. With everything that had happened recently, the class decided to take a small camping trip in order to help them unwind. Mashirao Ojiro had suggested the idea of camping in a forest up in the mountains where he sometimes trained. While the girls had not been excited at first, they all decided to join the minute he told them that there were multiple natural hot springs hidden throughout the mountain. Of course, the chance of seeing the girls bathing in a hot spring was enough to convince any of the guys who were still on the fence about going. The entire class had agreed to set out early in the morning, although none of them save for Mashirao, knew just how tough the hike to the camping spot was going to be.

“Let’s set up camp here everybody,” shouted Mashirao as he set his gear down.

“Thank god,” whined Minoru Mineta as he fell backward on to the grass below. He had had the hardest time out of all of them due to his short legs and low stamina. The only thing that had kept him going was his desire to peek on the girls in the hot spring. As he turned his head, he saw that several other students had collapsed to the ground as well. In fact, the only students still standing besides Mashirao were Shoto Todoroki, Momo Yaoyorozu, Katsuki Bakugo, and Izuku Midoriya (aka Deku).

“You’re all a bunch of whimps,” growled Katsuki as he looked at his exhausted classmates. “If a simple five hour hike up a mountain makes you this exhausted, how do you expect to become pro heroes? Honestly, you’re all pathetic.”

“Kacchan, don’t you think you’re being a little harsh?” asked Deku in an attempt to diffuse the situation. Of course, this only made things worse.

“What did you just say?!” screamed Katsuki as he turned his attention to Deku. Before Deku could react, Katsuki grabbed him by the collar of his shirt and pulled him close to his face, his other hand balled up in a fist and ready to strike. “You’re in no position to talk, Deku. You’re the worst of all of them. Maybe I should put you back in your place just like when we were kids.” Then much to Deku’s horror, Katsuki unfurled his fingers, revealing his palm which now had tiny sparks coming from it. Katsuki then began inching his palm towards Deku. His palm was less than a centimeter from Deku’s face when his hand suddenly stopped. “What the hell?” grunted Katsuki as he tried to extend his hand one more centimeter. Suddenly he felt a chill run along his arm.

“That’s enough,” stated a calm yet firm voice behind him. “Release Midoriya now.” Katsuki turned his head and saw that Shoto was standing behind him, his right hand firmly grasping Katsuki’s arm. As he took a closer look, Katsuki could see that a thin layer of ice was beginning to form around his skin where Shoto was touching him.

“Butt out of this you half-and-half bastard or I’ll blow you up too,” threatened Katsuki.

“You know you keep saying that, but you haven’t succeeded yet,” replied Shoto.

“What was that?” grunted Katsuki, a vein beginning to protrude from his forehead.

“You’re a hot head who’s all talk and no brain. Now release Midoriya before I freeze your entire arm.”

“GO TO HELL!” screamed Katsuki as he released Deku and took an explosive swing at Shoto. However, Shoto easily blocked it.

Before Katsuki could launch another strike, fellow classmate Eijiro Kirishima grabbed him from behind and said, “Stop it Bakugo. We’re here to relax, not to fight.” Suddenly Katsuki activated his quirk, Explosion, engulfing them both in a fiery flash of light. As the smoke cleared, everyone noticed that Eijiro’s quirk, Hardening, had taken effect, allowing him to harden his body enough to take Katsuki’s attack while taking only minimal damage. “Let it go bro, it’s not worth it.”

“LET ME GO!” shrieked Katsuki as he struggled against Eijiro’s Hardening quirk. “I’LL KILL HIM!!!”

“Sorry guys,” smiled Eijiro as he began dragging Katsuki away. “You guys should probably start setting up camp. We’ll join you once Bakugo calms down.”

“I’LL KILL YOU!!!” screamed Katsuki repeatedly towards Shoto and Deku as Eijiro dragged him off into the woods.

Once Katsuki’s screams of rage were no longer audible, Shoto turned to Deku and asked, “Are you alright?”

“I’m fine,” answered Deku, doing his best to stop trembling.

“Well now that that’s over, let’s continuing unpacking,” stated Mashirao.

“Hey Mashirao,” called Yuga Aoyama, “can I ask you a question?”

“What is it?”

“Where are the cabins?”

“Cabins?” repeated a confused Mashirao.

“You know the cabins where we’ll be sleeping,” clarified Yuga.

“I’m sorry but there are no cabins. We’ll be sleeping in tents. That’s why I asked everyone to bring one.”

“I thought the tents were just for some activity,” replied Yuga as he looked down at the tent he had brought. The only reason he had agreed to join the group was because he heard that the hot springs were supposed to be good for the skin. Had he known that he would have to be spending the next couple nights sleeping in a tent outside, he likely wouldn’t have come. Realizing that there was nothing he could do about it now, he asked, “Well, can you at least point me in the direction of the bathroom?”

“It’s anywhere beyond this clearing that you would like it to be,” replied Mashirao.

“That doesn’t make any sense,” said Yuga. “Where is the bathroom?”

“There is no plumbing out here,” clarified Mashirao, now understanding Yuga’s confusion. “If you need to go, you’ll need to do it in the woods.”

“Me, go in the woods?” scoffed Yuga. “Don’t be silly. I will not lower myself to that of some animal.”

“For once I have to agree with the stuck up pretty boy,” added Kyoka Jiro. “While peeing outside might come easy for the guys, it’s not for us girls.”

“I didn’t think about that,” said Mashirao bowing his head. “I apologize for my inconsideration.”

“So, what are we supposed to do now?” asked the invisible girl, Toru Hagakure.

“I’ve got an idea!” exclaimed Ochaco Uraraka. “Why don’t we just have Yaoyorozu use her creation ability to make an outhouse or something.”

“I’m afraid I can’t do that,” said Momo. “My abilities cannot handle something that big.” Suddenly a laugh burst out from above the group followed by a blast of wind.

“Well it’s a good thing I’m here,” called a voice above them. Everyone looked up and saw that it was none other than Mei Hatsume from the Support class. She was wearing a jetpack similar to the one she had at the Cultural Festival. They watched in stunned silence as she landed.

“What are you doing here?” fumed Tenya Iida. He was still angry at her for having used him as a guinea pig to show off her inventions during the Cultural Festival.

“Simple,” smiled Mei. “I overheard the green haired boy talking about the trip and decided to follow you guys up here.” Mei set her large pack down and gave Tenya a puzzled look. “Are you sure we met before? I really don’t remember you.”

“How can you not remember me!? You used our fight at the Cultural Festival as a damn infomercial!”

“Nope, still don’t remember. Oh well, I don’t really care anyway.” Mei then turned her attention back to her pack. After rummaging through it for a few seconds, she removed a small cube. “I suggest everybody take a step back,” she said as she pressed down on a red button and threw the cube a few feet in front of her. There was a bright flash followed by a plume of smoke. As the smoke cleared, everyone saw what looked like an adult version of a toddler’s training toilet now sitting where the cube had landed seconds earlier. “I will now introduce you to the Emergency Toilet, patent pending and name subject to change. With this baby here, you never have to worry about having to pee outside again. What’s more, you never have to worry about dumping anything out as this device drills a small hole in ground beneath it for getting rid of waste. All you have to do press the red button on the lower left side and the waste is gone.”

“That’s great and all,” replied Kyoka, “but what about the privacy issue?”

“Oh, I’m still working on that,” answered Mei. “This is just a prototype.”

“So it’s essentially useless,” scoffed Tenya.

“What if we put a tent around it?” interjected Ochaco. “Wouldn’t that solve the privacy issue?”

“And just who do you expect is going to give up their tent?” asked Denki Kaminari. “It sure isn’t going to be any of us guys.”

“If it’s a tent we need, I can create at least that much,” declared Momo in an attempt to keep the peace. A few minutes later, she had not only finished using her quirk to create the tent components but had also built the tent around the toilet. “That should do it,” she said as she wiped a drop of sweat from her brow.

“I call using it first,” shouted Yuga. However, Kyoka stopped him before he could reach the tent.

“Sorry, but this is for the girls only. The guys can pee outside,” said Kyoka.

“But that’s not fair!” cried Denki. “You girls can’t just hog that thing all to yourselves.”

“Actually, its completely fair,” shouted Mina Ashido. "What’s unfair is expecting us girls to sit on a piss-soaked toilet seat.”

“She has a point,” said Deku, trying to diffuse the situation. “We don’t always have perfect aim and making the girls suffer for it would be wrong. While it’s not ideal, I have no issue with going outside for the next couple days.”

“Midoriya’s right,” agreed Tenya. All the other guys began looking around at each other before finally nodding in agreement. Well, all except for Yuga who still did not want to pee outside.

“Come on,” begged Yuga, “I’ll do anything, just please let me use it.” He was now shifting from foot to foot, his desperation blatantly obvious to those around him. The poor guy had maybe minutes at best, seconds at worst. But even through all that, his signature smile never faded from his face.

“No,” answered Kyoka rather coldly. Suddenly she felt a hand on her shoulder. Turning her head a bit, she saw that it was Ochaco.

“Jiro, just let him use it,” smiled Ochaco.

“Yeah,” agreed Momo. “I kinda feel sorry for him. The poor guy looks like he’s about to wet himself.”

“If Momo and Ochaco are okay with it, I guess I can be too,” added Mina. Although in truth, her sudden change of heart was due to the fact that she could empathize with Yuga’s desperation as she was starting to feel a little desperate herself.

“Fine,” grunted Kyoka. “But he has to pee sitting down as does any guy who wants to use this toilet.”

“Merci,” said Yuga as he nodded in agreement. Holding his crotch for dear life, he hobbled past Kyoka and into the tent. He zipped it up and then the clearing went silent except for some brief rustling inside the tent. Just then a loud hissing noise began emanating from the tent. Nobody had to think twice about what it was. The sound lasted for about a minute and a half. It was then accompanied by what sounded like a flushing noise. A few seconds later Yuga came out of the tent. As he looked around, he saw that everyone was staring at him. “What are you all staring at? Is it my impossibly good looks?”

“No dude,” replied Denki. “We could hear everything that happened in there.”

“I see,” said Yuga as nonchalantly as he could. “Well I’m going to go for a little walk then.” Without saying another word, he turned his back to the group and walked off into the forest. He would not be back for a while.

“Well at least we know the toilet works,” stated Deku in an attempt to break the awkward silence. Of course, everyone ignored him as their thoughts were stuck on the fact that anybody who used the toilet would suffer the same embarrassing fate as Yuga.

Making a better attempt at breaking the silence, Mashirao suggested, “Why don’t we take a break for lunch?” Everyone nodded their heads in agreement, none of them knowing what to say, especially the girls.

As the group began unpacking their lunches, Mei walked over to Deku and whispered, “Hey green-haired kid…”

“My name’s Izuku Midoriya…”

“Yeah whatever,” interrupted Mei. “Just meet me in the forest in a couple minutes at that large tree stump we passed earlier. I have something I want to show you in private.” Before Deku could ask anything more, Mei walked off. Deku’s face began to turn a little red as he began to ponder what Mei wanted. He waited for everyone to start eating before attempting to quietly slip away into the forest. However, this did not go unnoticed by Ochaco who had become a little unsettled by Mei’s presence around Deku.

“Hey Deku,” called Ochaco just as Deku was about to leave the clearing.

“What is it?” stammered Deku, trying his best to remain calm.

“I was just going to ask if you wanted to eat together,” she replied. She quickly noticed that Deku kept looking off into the direction that Mei had gone in a few minutes earlier. “Where are you going?” she asked.

“Oh,” paused Deku as he tried to think of a lie, “I think I dropped something on the way up here and I was going to retrace my steps a little to see if I could find it.”

“I’ll come with you.”

“You can’t!” blurted Deku. It was obvious by the expression on Ochaco’s face that he had hurt her feelings. Trying to cover for his little outburst, he said, “I mean the item isn’t something of sentimental value or anything like that. You should go eat and relax with the others. After all, I’m sure your tired from the long hike.”

“Are you sure?” asked Ochaco, not quite buying his explanation.

“Yeah. I’ll be back in a little bit.”

“Ok, I’ll wait to eat until you get back.”

“You don’t have to do that,” blushed Deku. In all honesty, he really wanted to eat lunch with Ochaco, but he couldn’t just abandon Mei. Finally giving in, he said, “Ok, I’m make it quick then.” And with that, he took off into the forest.

###

