Boku no Hero Academia: The Camping Trip

Author: Char242

*002*2018-12-28 07:12

Part 2: The Accident

Ochaco ran full speed back to the camp, unable to get the image of Mei’s head between Deku’s legs out of her mind. As she burst into the clearing, she lost her balance and slid face first into the dirt. She could hear the worried gasps of her classmates. Ochaco knew that she needed to pick herself up and brush herself off. However, as she lay face down in the dirt, she found she had no desire to get up or to move at all.

“Ochaco are you all right?” asked a worried voice directly above her. Using what strength she could muster to lift her head, Ochaco saw that Mina was squatted down in front of her. “You took a nasty spill there,” commented Mina as she extended her hand. “Here, let me help you.”

“I’m fine,” responded Ochaco as she forced herself up into a sitting position.

“No, you’re not!” cried Mina. “You’re bleeding!”

“Am I?” she asked as she looked down. Sure enough, she had a large scrape on her right knee. All she could do was watch as blood began to drip down her leg. Even as she looked at the wound, she found that she couldn’t feel any pain. It was as though her whole body had become numb, all except for a dull pain in her chest. Before Ochaco knew what was happening, Momo was kneeling down in front of her. In her hand was a first aid kit.

“Hold still,” said Momo as she began disinfecting the wound. As Momo sprayed the wound, she looked at Ochaco and asked, “Does it hurt?”

“Maybe a little,” replied Ochaco.

“Do you think it’ll scar?” asked Mina as she looked at the wound. “It looks pretty nasty.”

“I don’t think so,” answered Momo as she bandaged the wound. “It’s not very deep. I think it should heal just fine.”

“That’s good to hear,” smiled Mina in relief. She then turned her attention to Ochaco and asked, “What’s going on? Why were you running? Did something happen with Deku?”

“It’s nothing,” replied Ochaco as she stared at her bandaged leg. “I just felt like running and like a klutz, I fell. There’s nothing more to say.”

Mina could tell that Ochaco was hiding something, but instead of prying any further, she simply said, “Okay. Just be careful from now on.”

“I will,” replied Ochaco with a fake smile as Momo and Mina helped her to her feet and brought her back over to where their fellow classmates were eating lunch. Ochaco retrieved her bento from her pack and sat down next to the other girls. As she opened her lunch, she found herself not feeling very hungry. Then out of the corner of her eye, she noticed Deku and Mei entering the clearing. Deku immediately ran over to her.

“Uraraka, can we go talk in private for a second?” panted Deku. His face was covered in sweat and his breathing was labored. Ochaco knew instantly that he had run after her. While it made her happy that he was that concerned about her, she still couldn’t shake the pain in her chest.

“There’s nothing to talk about,” replied Ochaco rather coldly. She watched as a look of surprise spread across Deku’s face. In truth, even Ochaco was shocked by how cold her words sounded.

“But I need to talk to you,” he said.

“Well maybe I don’t feel like talking to you right now,” she snapped back much to the surprise of Deku, the girls, and herself. Ochaco couldn’t understand why she was being so nasty to him.

“But…”

“JUST LEAVE ME ALONE!!!” she screamed. The clearing that had once been filled with the sounds of various conversations, had gone deafly quiet. She didn’t even need to look around to know that all eyes were on now on her. Unable to take it anymore, she stood up and began walking back towards the woods.

“Uraraka, where are you going?” asked Deku as she walked past him.

“For a walk,” she grunted.

“Wait up, I’ll go with you,” he offered as he took a couple steps towards her.

“God, you’re annoying,” she snapped, “Why can’t you get it through your head that I don’t want anything to do with you right now?” The moment she said it, she knew she had gone too far. As she turned around to apologize, she saw tears forming in the corners of Deku’s eyes.

“I’m sorry,” he said as he wiped his eyes with his arm. “I didn’t mean to upset you.” As she looked at him, Ochaco could tell that Deku was doing his best to try to hide the pain with a smile. The look on his face was more than she could take. Ochaco turned back towards the woods and walked off without another word.

###

She walked for several minutes before coming across the large stump where she had seen Deku and Mei alone together. A feeling of jealous rage rose up inside of her. Ochaco walked over to the stump and viciously kicked it. Unfortunately, the only thing that that did was hurt her toes. “Damn it!” she screamed as she sat down on the ground and began massaging her sore toes through her shoe. A couple minutes later the pain subsided, but her mind was still muddled.

As she looked at the stump, she began to wonder if maybe what she had seen wasn’t what actually happened. Sure, she had only known Deku for a couple months, but he didn’t seem like the kind of guy to do that. The more she thought about it, the more she began to realize that she had made a big mistake by not giving Deku a chance to explain himself. Her mind suddenly shifted to the nasty way she had acted towards him. As she thought about all the horrible things she had said, she found herself praying that she could take it back. Unable to take it anymore, Ochaco buried her face in her knees and began to cry. As she cried, she found herself growing tired, and before she knew it, she was fast asleep.

###

Ochaco was woken by the sound of something rustling behind the trees. She jumped to her feet and looked in the direction where the noise had come from. “Is someone there?” she shouted. There was no answer. Beginning to get scared, she looked on the ground for something she could throw. Her eyes settled on a small stone. She quickly picked it up and chucked it at the tree nearest where the sound had come from. Suddenly, a large deer burst out from behind the tree and ran off deeper into the woods. “At least it was just a deer,” she laughed to herself before collapsing to her knees. She had been so startled that she almost wet herself. As she looked around at the forest around her, she began to wonder how long she had been asleep. Looking down at her watch, she saw that it was a little after 1:30 p.m. She had been asleep for almost two hours.

Ochaco knew that the others were likely starting to get a little worried about her. She knew she had to head back as soon as possible, but the very thought of going back there and having to face Deku after all the awful things she had said to him caused her to hyperventilate. She was having a panic attack. Taking several deep breaths, she eventually managed to calm herself down. Slowly rising to her feet, she wondered just what she would say to Deku when she saw him. She knew she had to apologize, the only question was, would he accept her apology?

Just as she took a step in the direction of the clearing, she felt a twinge in her bladder. Placing her hand to her crotch, she wondered when it was that she had last gone. It must have been when they were at the rest area at the base of the mountain. That was almost seven hours ago. The more she thought about it, the more the pain increased. As she contemplated rushing back to camp so she could use the Emergency Toilet, the previous conversation she had with Mina about peeing outside popped back into her head.

While Ochaco hated the idea of peeing outside, she hated the thought of her fellow classmates, especially the guys, hearing her pee even more. Looking around, Ochaco slowly unbuttoned and unzipped her shorts. Content that nobody was around, she slowly began to pull her pants down. Her pants were halfway down her butt, when she heard another rustling noise in the trees. “Maybe it’s another deer,” she whispered to herself. However, something in the back of her mind told her to wait a minute before pulling her pants down any further.

Ochaco paused and listened carefully. The forest was quiet. Content that whatever it was was gone now, Ochaco began to lower her pants a little more. Suddenly the rustling sound started up again. Ochaco could feel something leering at her from a distance. She didn’t know what it was, but it definitely didn’t feel like a deer. Ochaco quickly yanked up her pants and began walking deeper into the forest. As she did she swore she could hear light footsteps behind her. Beginning to get scared, she picked up the pace from a quick walk to a fast jog. The rustling sounds continued to follow her.

Seeing no other option, Ochaco began sprinting, but the rustling sounds still came. There was no doubt now that she was being followed. As she ran, three questions popped into her head. Who was following her? How far away were they? And lastly, what were they going to do to her if they caught her? Ochaco didn’t want to know the answer to that last question, so she kept running. All the while, the up and down movement of her body was causing the urine inside of her to slosh back and forth against the walls of her bladder. Each step was like pure hell, but she knew being caught could be so much worse. It was then that she decided that if it came down to it, she’d willingly piss herself if it meant getting away from her pursuer. All the while, she prayed that things wouldn’t get that bad.

###

Back at the camp, Deku was off in a corner sulking. He had been like that since Ochaco had left. That had been almost two hours ago. In that time, no one had come to talk to him to see how he was doing. It wasn’t that they didn’t want to, it was that they didn’t know what to say. In a way, Deku was almost grateful that his classmates were leaving him alone. At least this way he wouldn’t have to explain the situation to them too. As he sat and thought about what had transpired, he wondered if Ochaco would ever talk to him again. His thoughts were soon interrupted by a voice coming from in front of him.

“Uraraka’s been gone for a while,” commented the voice. Deku looked up and saw that it was Shota.

“Yeah,” agreed Deku. Try as he might, he couldn’t look Shota directly in the eye.

“Don’t you think you should go look for her? I mean you two are friends, right?”

“I don’t think she wants to see me,” replied Deku, doing his best to hold back tears. “Honestly, I think she hates me now.”

“Look Midoriya, I don’t know what’s going on between you two, but I’m sure that if you talk about it, you two can work it out.”

“I already tried, but she says she doesn’t want anything to do with me.”

“So you’re just going to give up?” asked Shota. Deku turned his head in response. Shota had never seen Deku look so defeated. Before Shota could here say anything else, something rushed past him. He watched as Katsuki violently lifted Deku of the ground by the collar of his shirt.

“Quit being a wuss!” screamed Katsuki. He had returned to the camp just as Ochaco was leaving and only heard part of what was going on. He had then spent the last two hours watching Deku sulk and no matter how many times he gave Deku the death glare, Deku wouldn’t respond. It was seriously pissing him off.

Trembling, Deku replied, “But Kacchan I…”

“Shut it!” interrupted Katsuki. Deku did as he was told. “I don’t know what’s going on between you and that girl. To be honest, I don’t really give a shit. However, I do know that I’m sick and tired of seeing your sniveling face.” Deku watched as Katsuki’s hand began to light up. “I’m going to give you two options. Either you pull it together or I’ll blow your crybaby ass up. What’s it going to be?

“But Urakaka doesn’t want to talk to me…” began Deku.

“So what?” spat Katsuki. “If she won’t talk to you, then you make her listen. Or are you such a wimp that you can’t even do that?” Deku didn’t respond. This only pissed off Katsuki more. “Maybe I should just put you out of your misery.” Katsuki began to move his free hand closer to Deku.

“You’re right,” said Deku, his words causing Katsuki to stop. “I can’t keep running away because I’m scared. I have to face things head on.”

“Then quit talking about it and just do it!” screamed Katsuki as he whirled Deku around and tossed him towards the forest. “I swear to god that if you come back here with that depressing look on your face, I’ll blow it right off.”

Deku nodded his head and said, “Thanks Kacchan for giving me the push I needed.”

“Whatever,” grunted Katsuki. As he turned around, he noticed the rest of his classmates were staring at him. They all had a look of shock on their faces. “What are you staring at?” he shouted at them. “Do you want me to blow you up too?”

Suddenly Katsuki felt a hand on his shoulder. “You know Bakugo,” said Shota, “you really aren’t as bad a guy as you make yourself out to be.”

“Shove it up your ass,” grunted Katsuki. His face beginning to get a little red. He then walked off into the part of the forest on the opposite side of the clearing.

The moment Katsuki was gone, Shota turned to Deku and stated, “I’ll help you look for Urakaka.”

“I’ll join too,” added Momo.

“So will I,” said Mashirao

“Count me in as well,” called Denki. “While we’re at, we should probably look for Minoru too. He’s been missing for almost ten minutes. I think he might have gotten lost.”

“Alright then,” said Deku. “Let’s get moving.”

###

Ochaco was running out of steam. She had been sprinting through the forest for the last several minutes, all the while she could still hear the footsteps behind her. The more she ran, the more she began to notice that the footsteps behind her were becoming fainter and fainter. Her pursuer was falling behind. In that moment, Ochaco knew that if she could just find a place to hide, then she would be safe. As she began scanning the area for somewhere to hide, her eyes settled on a tall patch of bushes off to the side. It was perfect. Moving as quickly as she could, Ochaco dove behind the bushes and waited with bated breath. Her bladder was screaming in agony and she had to fight the urge to pull her pants down and let loose then and there.

A couple minutes passed before she heard the footsteps again. She quietly peeked through a hole in the bushes. Ochaco watched in shock as Minoru walked into view. His cheeks were red and he seemed to be gasping for air. Ochaco knew in an instant that Minoru had been the one chasing her.

“I could’ve sworn I saw her come this way,” panted Minoru as he looked around. “Maybe she ran a little further.” Ochaco breathed a sigh of relief as Minoru took a step deeper into the forest. As Ochaco tried to move away from the bush, her shoulder brushed against it, causing it to rattle. She stayed deathly still, hoping that Minoru hadn’t heard that. As she slowly peered through the hole, she saw that Minoru had turned around, a perverted smile on his face. “I found you,” he said as he began moving towards the bush. Ochaco knew it was all over.

Suddenly the bushes directly across from her began rustling. A loud hissing noise soon followed. Ochaco held her breath as Minoru turned and walked over to the other bushes. “Gotcha!” yelled Minoru triumphantly as he pushed the bushes out of the way. Instead, what he found shocked them both. Minoru and Ochaco stared at a golden arch spraying up into the air before crashing down on the grass below. The strange thing about it was that there was nobody there. Before Minoru could react, he felt something hard strike him multiple times in the face. He was hit with such force that he was flung several feet backwards. Looking up, Minoru noticed the arch jolt up into the air and transform into a raging waterfall that would last about fifteen seconds. As the waterfall dissipated, both Minoru and Ochaco noticed that in its wake were some floating yellow droplets, some of them beginning to run down towards the ground like a raindrop on a window.

“Hagakure, is that you?” asked Minoru.

“NOOOOO!” screamed Toru. Ochaco watched as the water droplets appeared to move back. A second later, Minoru was soaring through the air in the direction that he came. She watched in silence as the golden droplets began moving further away. Toru was running away, likely out of embarrassment. Ochaco felt bad for Toru, but she was also glad that she was finally alone now. By now, Ochaco had realized that she still needed to put some distance between herself and the camp. Rising painfully to her feet, she exited the bushes and began making her way deeper into the forest.

Ochaco managed to walk for another couple minutes before the shooting pain in her bladder caused her to double over in pain. Her body cringed as she felt a little bit of urine escape into her panties. She knew in an instant that she wouldn’t be able to hold back the raging waters much longer. Looking around, she saw that bunch of trees around her, but they wouldn’t provide any cover unless she ducked behind one. The closest one was about ten feet in front of her. As she took a step towards it, she felt something wet seep into her panties. It was slightly more than before. She was out of time. No longer caring if anyone saw her, Ochaco yanked down her shorts and panties and squatted down. She had had barely enough time to pull her clothes out of the way before a greenish yellow jet spurted out from between her legs, crashing into the grass about a foot in a half in front of her. “Sweet relief,” she cried as her body began to relax.

Ochaco had only emptied about a quarter of her bladder when she heard footsteps again. They were faint, but they were getting closer. It took everything she had to pinch off her stream. Without thinking twice, she yanked up her panties and shorts, cringing a little as her slightly soiled panties touched her vagina. Still in pain, Ochaco ran towards the tree and activated her quirk, Zero Gravity. Without gravity weighing her down, she floated ten feet up the tree, concealing herself amongst the trees plentiful foliage. As she looked down, she waited for Minoru to come back by, but instead what she saw was far worse.

###

Deku, Shota, Momo, Denki, and Mashirao, had split up not long after reaching the stump that Ochaco had been sleeping at earlier. Shota and Momo decided to search the area off to the left of stump, while Denki and Mashirao took the area to the right. That left Deku with the area straight past the stump. He had only been walking for a couple minutes when he heard something that sounded like footsteps. As he squinted towards the distance, he could make out something slightly shiny barreling straight towards him.

Suddenly, Deku felt something slam into him. The next thing he knew, he was on the ground. He tried to get up, but found that he couldn’t. There was something big and kind of familiar weighing against his chest. He could also feel something slightly wet against his crotch. At first, he thought that he had wet himself as he remembered that he never did get a chance to pee earlier. However, he soon realized that this wasn’t the case. Looking down, he noticed what looked like golden drops floating in mid-air. Before he knew what was happening, the drops shifted to the right and the heavy feeling on his chest disappeared. It took him a few seconds to realize what was going on.

“Hagakure-san, is that you?” he asked looking at the floating droplets. His question was answered with sniffling. “Are you all right?”

“How can I possibly be alright?” sobbed Toru. “You just saw me naked and covered in my own pee.”

“That’s not true,” replied Deku. “I mean there is no way I could see that you’re naked if you’re invisible.”

“But you can see the pee drops, can’t you?” whined Toru. Deku looked away. He knew that there was no way he could answer that question without making things worse. “This is awful,” continued Toru. “I can’t go back to the camp like this. Everyone will know.”

“I have an idea,” said Deku as he fished into his pocket and pulled out the pack of tissues his mom had given him. “No one will know what happened to you if you clean yourself off with these.”

“Thanks,” she sniffed as she took the package of tissues from his hand and began wiping herself down. Deku immediately turned his back to her in an attempt to give her some privacy.

“Hey Hagakure-san, can I ask you something?”

“Sure.”

“Why are you naked?”

“Because this was the only way to sneak away from the campsite to pee without that little pervert Mineta following me,” said Toru as she wiped the last droplet away. “Of course, that didn’t work as that little pervert still managed to find me.”

“Really?”

“Yeah, so of course I hit him a couple times and I might have kicked him. Honestly, I was so worked up that I don’t remember,” answered Toru. She paused for a moment before asking, “Why are you out here? Do you need to pee too?”

“No,” blushed Deku, although he did have to go. “I came out here to find Uraraka. She’s been gone for almost two hours and I’m getting worried. You haven’t see her, have you?”

“No, I haven’t,” she replied. “Hold on a second. Maybe Mineta wasn’t looking for me but for Uraraka instead. I mean it did look like he had been chasing after something.”

“Where did all this happen?” asked Deku.

“Around a big patch of bushes about a half a mile that way,” pointed Toru, using the package of tissues as a guide for Deku who could’t see which way her invisible hand was pointing.

“Got it,” said Deku as he began running off in the direction that Toru had pointed him in. Before he was out of earshot, he called out, “And don’t worry about a thing. We never saw each other.” And with that he was gone. As Toru began making her way back to camp she couldn’t help but feel grateful that Deku was such a nice guy.

###

A few minutes later, Deku had reached the bushes that Toru had told him about. As he looked around for a sign that Ochaco had been there, he saw that there were areas of dirt and grass that appeared to have been disturbed. Looking closer, he could just barely make out a couple footprints. They appeared to be heading deeper into the forest. With not a second to waste, Deku ran deeper in the forest.

Not long after that, he found what looked like another footprint. He stopped and scanned the area, but could find no other sign. As he took another step forward, he heard a squishing sound. Looking down at the ground, he saw that it was wet. This seemed strange since the rest of the grass in the area seemed dry. The more he thought about the wet patch of grass, the more his desire to pee intensified. Unable to take it anymore, he quickly looked around one more time before walking over to a tall tree. Deku quickly unzipped his pants and let loose against the tree. “Much better,” he whispered to himself as his stream splashed against the bark.

Little did Deku know, but from about ten feet above him, Ochaco could see almost everything. Ochaco clenched her crotch as she watched Deku relieve himself. She waited for what seemed like an eternity for him to finish when it was really only a couple minutes. She watched as Deku took a step back from the tree to zip up and that was when she saw it. Her face went bright red. In an attempt to muffle a scream, she clasped both her hands to her mouth. Unfortunately for her, in doing so, she deactivated her quirk. She closed her eyes and screamed as she fell towards the ground.

As she opened her eyes a couple seconds later, she realized that she was okay. Looking down, she saw the reason why. She had landed on Deku, her chest pressed up against his. “Uraraka, are you okay?” asked Deku.

“I’m fine,” she said. Suddenly another jolt of pain ripped through her bladder. Ochaco knew she needed to get up and get as far away from Deku as she could. Sadly, this was not meant to be. The impact of the fall had weakened her bladder muscles to the point that she could no longer hold back the flood inside of her. Within seconds, the crotch of her shorts grew dark as her piss overflowed her panties. Looking down, she saw that not only was she wetting herself, but she was also soaking Deku too. “I’m so sorry,” she said as tried to hide her face in his shirt. It took everything she had not to break down in tears. She desperately tried her best to pinch off her stream, only to have little success.

“It’s alright,” smiled Deku. He could feel Ochaco’s urine seep onto the crotch of his pants. It felt warm and strange. Deku could feel Ochaco’s body quivering and in an attempt to comfort her, he wrapped his arms around her back and held her tight. He could feel her squirm a bit as she tried to get off of him and he could tell from the expression on her face her bladder was causing her pain. Gripping her tighter, he said, “Don’t worry about me. You don’t have to hold it back anymore. Just let it all out.”

“Are you sure?” asked Ochaco.

“Yeah.”

“Thank you,” she whispered as she finally let the remnants of the dam burst. A wave of relief rushed over her as it came out. Once the stream was in full force, it leaked through her shorts like a garden hose directly onto the crotch of Deku’s pants. The stimulation became too much for Deku to bare and he had to look away. He only hoped that she wouldn’t sense his arousal. That hope was shattered when Ochaco blurted out, “I think something’s poking me. Is it your cellphone?”

“Of course,” lied Deku. In truth, his phone was still in his bag back at camp. There was no way he could tell her that he had a stiffy. However, the fact that he couldn’t look Ochaco in the eye and his cheeks were red, told her that it definitely wasn’t his cellphone. Realizing that this must have been just embarrassing for him as it was for her, Ochaco decided to say nothing more about it. Soon they were laying there in awkward silence with only the hissing sound of water hitting denim filling the void.

###

After several minutes of searching, Shota, Momo, Denki and Mashirao ran into each other once again. The paths that the two groups had taken had ended up converging on one spot. Just as they were about to split up again, they heard a low moan coming from behind a tree. As the group drew closer, they could see a body lying on the ground. It was Minoru. His face was swollen and he was just barely conscious. “Minoru!” screamed Denki as he rushed over to his little buddy and scooped him up in his arms. “What happened to you?” Minoru didn’t respond.

“It looks like somebody attacked him,” stated Shota as he looked at his beaten classmate.

“Do you think that whoever did this got Uraraka too?” asked a worried Momo.

“Uraraka…” muttered Minoru.

“Mineta, do you know where Uraraka is?” asked Mashirao. “Is she in danger?” Again, Minoru did not answer. Instead, he slowly lifted his finger and pointed in the direction he had been sent flying from.

“Uraraka…” he repeated before lowering his hand. He was beginning to lose consciousness.

“Stay with me,” cried Denki as he slightly patted Minoru’s swollen cheeks.

Minoru, still disoriented, slowly blinked and mumbled, “Denki, is that you?”

“Yeah it’s me,” he replied as he took his friend’s hand in his.

“I saw it,” smiled Minoru, tears beginning to form in his eyes.

“What did you see?” asked Denki, tears beginning to form in his own eyes.

“Golden rain from the heavens,” whispered Minoru as his eyes began to close. “It was beautiful…” he said as his voice trailed off. By this point his eyes had closed and his arm had gone limp.

“MINORU!!!” screamed Denki, as he held his friend.

“Don’t worry,” said Momo as she checked his pulse. “He’s perfectly fine, just unconscious. You should probably take him back to camp though.”

“Alright,” agreed Denki as he wiped his eyes with his sleeve. “What are you guys going to do?”

“I’m going to go look for Midoriya and Uraraka,” declared Shota.

“And I’m going with Todoroki since we don’t know what’s out there and it’s too dangerous to let him go by himself,” replied Momo.

“Well then I guess I’ll help Kaminari get Mineta back to camp,” said Mashirao. And with that, the two groups parted ways.

As Momo and Shota made their way in the direction that Minoru had pointed, they heard a faint scream in the distance. It sounded like a girl’s scream. Without a second thought, the two took off in the direction they thought the scream came from.

###

By the time Ochaco had finally managed to stop peeing, almost three minutes had passed. As she got off of Deku, she could see that they were both totally drenched from the waist down. “What do we do now?” she asked. “We can’t go back to camp like this.”

“Don’t worry,” said Deku, “I’ll think of something.” Of course, that was easier said than done. Their other clothes were in their bags back at camp where everyone else was. There was no way they could sneak back to camp and grab some clothes without being seen. And with as wet as they both were, waiting for their clothes to dry would take too long. Furthermore, even if they waited for their clothes to dry, they would still smell like pee. In all honesty, they were screwed.

Suddenly they heard a familiar female voice say, “I think the scream came from over here.” It was Momo.

“Are you sure?” replied a voice that sounded like Shota’s. From the sound of their voices, Deku knew that they were close by.

With not a second to lose, Deku scooped up Ochaco in his arms and said, “Hold on tight.” Channeling his quirk One for All into his feet, he launched himself into the trees above and began jumping from branch to branch as fast as he could. He didn’t know how long he could keep channeling his ability into his feet before he would risk breaking something. All he did know was that he needed to get himself and Ochaco as far away from Momo and Shota as possible.

###

Seconds later, Momo and Shota came across the spot where Deku and Ocahco had been. Looking around, Momo muttered to herself, “I could’ve sworn that the scream came from here.” As she took a step forward, she stepped in something slick and fell backwards. Luckily for her, Shota caught her before she could hit the ground.

“Are you all right?”

“Yeah,” blushed Momo. As she looked up, she noticed that one of the large tree branches was snapped. She then looked off into the distance and noticed that several other trees had broken branches as well. “Are you seeing what I’m seeing?”

“Yeah, and I don’t like the looks of it,” replied Shota. “We need to follow that trail of snapped branches. Maybe it will lead us to Uraraka.”

“And hopefully not to something else,” whispered Momo under her breath.

###

After several minutes of jumping from tree to tree, Deku ran out of trees to use as springboards and was forced to land on the ground. “I think we lost them,” he panted as he set Ochaco down.

“Hey Deku, doesn’t that look like one of the hot springs that Ojiro was talking about?” asked Ochaco as she pointed off to a cloud of steam rising up from a large patch of boulders several yards away from them.

“I think so,” said Deku as the two began walking closer to the steam. Sure enough, there was a natural hot spring there. “We can use this to clean ourselves off.”

“That’s a great idea,” agreed Ochaco.

“You can go first,” offered Deku. “I’ll wait behind the rocks until you’re done.” Just as Deku took a step forward, he felt a tug on the back of his shirt. Turning his head, he saw that Ochaco was holding on to his shirt. Her face was red and she couldn’t look him in the eye.

“But it wouldn’t be fair to you if I made you sit in pee-soaked clothes while I cleaned myself off,” she replied.

“So what do you suggest we do?”

“We could use the hot springs together,” stuttered Ochaco.

“But we’d both be naked!”

“There’s plenty of steam,” said Ochaco. “As long as we sit back to back, there shouldn’t be a problem.”

“Are you sure you’re okay with this?”

“It’s not ideal,” admitted Ochaco, “but we don’t have another choice. I’ll get in first.” Deku could hear the sound of Ochaco’s clothes rustling. Part of him wanted to turn around, but he knew that if he did that, he could kiss whatever remained of their friendship goodbye. About a minute later, he heard the sound of water splashing. “You can come in now Deku.”

“Okay,” said Deku as he began stripping. Being as careful as he could, he lowered himself into the water and backed himself over to where Ochaco was sitting. “Well, this isn’t too bad,” commented Deku as the two sat back to back. “Feels kind of nice. The water I mean.”

“Hey Deku,” mumbled Ochaco in a low voice, “what were you doing with that Hatsume girl?”

“Look Uraraka, nothing happened between me and her. The truth is that she wanted me to try out one of her new inventions but the control panel on the belt broke and she was trying to fix it.”

“I see,” she replied.

“Uraraka, can I ask you something?”

“What is it?”

“Do you hate me?”

“Of course not!” she exclaimed. “Why would you think that?”

“Well it seems like you’ve been avoiding me lately and then when you said that stuff to me today, it made me think that you hated me.”

“I don’t hate you,” said Ochaco. “I was just upset because you lied to me.”

“I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to upset you.”

“Do you hate me?”

“Why would I hate you?”

“Because of the nasty way I treated you and the whole getting peed on thing.”

“Of course not,” answered Deku. “You’re a close friend. I could never hate you over something like that.” Suddenly, Deku could feel a vibration against his back, followed by some low sobbing. Turning his head slightly, he could see that Ochaco had her head between her knees. “What’s wrong?”

“It’s nothing,” sniffled Ochaco. “I’m just happy that you don’t hate me.”

“Same here,” said Deku, fighting back tears of his own. The two stayed in the hot springs for several minutes more. “I think I’ll get out now,” said Deku as he stood up.

“Me too,” agreed Ochaco. The moment she got to her feet, she lost her footing and began to fall forward.

“Uraraka, watch out!” screamed Deku as he tried to catch her. In the end he had managed to get his arm between her head and the bottom of the hot spring. However, he was now on top of her. Their faces were inches away from each other. Deku gulped as he said, “Urakraka…I…I…”

“Yes, Deku?” asked Ochaco, her heart racing.

“I….”

“WHAT THE HELL DO YOU TWO THINK YOU’RE DOING?” screamed Momo. Shota was next to her.

“Absolutely nothing!” shouted Deku as he rose to his feet. Just then a gust of wind blew the steam away revealing Deku in all his naked glory.

“OH MY GOD!” yelled Momo as she turned away. “Put some pants on!”

###

Not long after that, Ochaco pulled Momo to the side and explained what had happened. Momo then used her Creation quirk to make pants for Deku and Ochaco that looked the same as the ones they had been wearing earlier. Once Deku and Ochaco were dressed, the group of four began making their way to camp. As they walked back, Deku couldn’t help but feel that the misunderstanding between him and Ochaco had brought them closer together. With their friendship repaired, there was nothing to worry about. At least that was what he thought. Little did he know just how messed up this weekend was going to get, not just for him but for his classmates as well.

To be Continued…

*004*2022-01-15 11:08

Part 3: Momo’s Invention, Part I

On their way back to the campsite, Deku, Ochaco, and Momo walked beside each other and began making small conversation amongst themselves. Shoto on the other hand was walking in silence a few paces behind them. While he was glad he and Momo had found Deku and Ochaco safe and sound, he still felt something didn’t add up. As he walked, he thought about Minoru who appeared to have taken a beating and had barely been conscious. While Denki, Momo, and Mashirao had been tending to Minoru, Shoto was scanning the immediate surroundings for any clues as to the identity of Minoru’s attacker. However, he found nothing useful. To make things even stranger, Minoru had said Ochaco’s name and pointed in the direction that eventually helped lead Momo and Shoto to Deku and Ochaco. However, the thing that bothered him most, was Minoru’s comment about “golden rain from the heavens.”

As the group was getting ready to pass by the spot Minoru had been found at, Shoto stopped in his tracks. He placed a hand under his chin and muttered softly, “golden rain from the heavens.” Thoughts raced through his head as he tried to decipher the phrase’s meaning. “Maybe it’s some kind of quirk,” thought Shoto.

“What’s some kind of quirk?” asked a voice in front of him. It was Momo. Without him realizing it, the other three had turned around and were now staring at him. “Are you talking about Mineta’s comment about golden rain from the heavens?”

Shoto stared in shock at Momo. “Yaoyorozu, can you read minds too?”

“No,” replied Momo, “I just heard you mumbling about something.”

“What are you guys talking about?” asked a very confused Ochaco. It was at this point that Momo explained to Ochaco and Deku about finding an injured Minoru. “I see,” said Ochaco after Momo had finished explaining. Ochaco knew in an instant what Momo was referring to as she had bore witness to Toru beating Mineta senseless after he had caught a glimpse of Toru urinating.

“That doesn’t sound good,” said Deku. “Do you know who might have done it?” In truth, Deku knew it was Toru as she had already confessed to him about the peeing fiasco.

“I glanced around the area where it happened, but couldn’t find any clues,” admitted Shoto. “Whoever attacked him was able to get away without leaving any trace.” Deku could tell the whole incident was really bugging Shoto, but Deku did not have the heart to rat out Toru.

“After we found him, Todoroki and I became concerned that Mineta’s attacker could have gone after you guys too,” added Momo. “I can’t tell you how relieved I was that we found both of you unharmed.”

“Guess we were just lucky,” agreed Deku as he rubbed the back of his neck. The conversation was starting to make him uncomfortable.

“Maybe so,” said Shoto. As he looked at Deku and Ochaco, he got the feeling they were hiding something. Then an idea hit him. Shoto turned his attention to Ochaco. “Uraraka, would you mind showing me the back of your hands?”

“Todoroki!” shouted Momo. “Are you insinuating Ochaco attacked Mineta? You can’t honestly believe she would do something like that to her fellow classmate?”

“Of course I don’t want to believe that, but we still need to cover all our bases to be sure” replied Shoto. “The question of whether Mineta was pointing us in the direction of Urakraka and/or his attacker could be answered by examining Urakraka’s hands.” Then much to Deku and Momo’s shock, Ochaco walked over to Shoto and allowed him to examine her hands. “Well, I don’t see any cuts or bruises that would be consistent with repeatedly punching somebody.”

“Maybe some kind of animal attacked Mineta,” said Ochaco.

“But what about the ‘golden rain from the heaven’s’ comment?” questioned Momo.

“Maybe that was some sort of hallucination,” replied Ocacho. “I mean you did say he was barely conscious at the time.” She knew her false theory sounded ridiculous, but there was no way she could tell the others the truth.

“I guess that’s possible,” nodded Shoto. “Either way, I think I’m going to look around a bit more just to be safe. You three should head back to camp.”

“Ok,” agreed Deku and Ochaco.

“No way,” declared Momo. “If there is indeed someone or something out there, I can’t just leave you by yourself. At the very least we should stay in pairs.” Realizing Momo wouldn’t change her mind, Shoto nodded his head in agreement.

“I guess we’ll head back to camp,” replied Ochaco as she grabbed Deku’s handand began pulling him towards the direction of camp. “If at least a couple of us don’t go back, the rest of the class might start getting concerned. Deku and I will let the others know what’s going on as soon as we get back.”

“Be careful you guys,” shouted Deku with a sheepish grin on his face as Ocahco dragged him out of view.

“We will,” yelled Momo. The moment the other two were gone, she turned to Shoto. “So where should we start?”

###

Shoto and Momo spent the next twenty minutes surveying the vicinity for any clues and/or tracks. Despite their best efforts, they came up with nothing. “Maybe we should start heading back,” suggested Momo. Part of the reason she had stayed with Shoto was out of a sense of curiosity. There was a mystery to solve, and she wanted to be a part of it. However, as their search drew on, she found her curiosity beginning to wane. In its place grew a sense of uneasiness. She had no idea where this sense of uneasiness was coming from, which made her all the more nervous. By the ten-minute mark, Momo had wanted to leave. The only thing keeping her going was her sense of duty to her fellow classmate.

“Just give me a few more minutes,” replied Shoto as he moved a bit deeper into the forest. While he had maintained a calm demeanor throughout the search, he could feel his irritation growing. No matter how much he tried, he found himself unable to accept the fact that if he hadn’t found anything by now, then he wasn’t going to find anything at all. As he glanced back at Momo, he noticed she looked uncomfortable. He had gotten the sense early on that something was bothering her. Throughout their search, he had been stealing glances at her to make sure she was okay. This time however, he began to realize just how badly Momo wanted to go back.

“Whoever or whatever it was is probably long gone by now. I think it’s time to give up,” stated Momo a little more forcefully.

“Maybe you’re right,” sighed Shoto. As he turned around, he noticed something that intrigued him. A few feet to the side of him was a large bush that looked like it had been disturbed. On a hunch, Shoto walked over to the bush and looked behind it. What he found was a patch of damp looking grass. He quickly walked behind the bush and bent down near the damp grass. Without hesitation, he ran a couple of fingers along the grass before taking a whiff of his fingers. His nose crinkled a bit at the smell.

“What is it?” asked Momo who had been watching the scene play out.

“I think it’s urine,” replied Shoto, “probably belonging to a female.” As Shoto stood up, Momo handed him a pocket-sized bottle of hand-sanitizer. “If I had to guess, Mineta likely stumbled upon a girl peeing behind the bush. Then, either out of fear or a fit of rage, she beat Mineta and sent him flying.”

“Assuming your theory is correct, do you think it could have been one of our classmates?” questioned Momo.

Shoto shook his head. “If I recall correctly, all the other girls were accounted for when we went to look for Ochaco and Mineta. Maybe there is another party camping out here and Mineta just had the misfortune of coming across something he shouldn’t have.”

“Well then, it sounds like you solved the case,” declared Momo. “If you’re satisfied with your conclusion, can we start heading back? I’m sure our friends are starting to get a bit concerned about our whereabouts.”

“That’s fine with me,” agreed Shoto. “Let’s head back.” As they began making their way back towards camp, Shoto couldn’t help but notice that Momo had started fidgeting a bit.

###

The two were about ten minutes from camp when Shoto felt a twinge in his bladder. In truth, he had been feeling it on and off prior to the search for Ochaco. However, he had decided to ignore it as finding his classmate was more important. Suddenly he felt a second twinge, this one a bit stronger than the first. It was now clear. He could deny it no longer. He had to pee. Out of the corner of his eye, he saw the perfect spot. Now he would just need to get Momo to go on ahead of him.

“Hey Yaoyorozu,” began Shoto, “there is something I need to take care of real quick. You should go on ahead and I’ll catch up with you in a minute.”

Momo turned around. “It’s alright. I can wait for you to do whatever it is you need to do.” Shoto could tell by the look on her face that she wasn’t going to change her mind.

“Suit yourself” replied Shoto. He then turned around and took a few steps towards the spot he had seen. Suddenly he heard grass crunching behind him. He froze in his tracks. Shoto didn’t need to turn around to know that Momo was right behind him. Shoto turned around. “Um, Yaoyorozu…”

“Yes Todoroki, what is it?”

“Why are you following me?

“You just told me you had something to do and said it was okay if I stayed with you.”

“Well, I would prefer if you didn’t follow me.”

“Why not?” asked Momo. Shoto couldn’t help but think that the confused look on her face was kind of cute.

“Well, it’s just that I have to relieve myself,” said Shoto as calmly as he could. He quickly turned his back to her so she wouldn’t see the blood starting to rush to his cheeks. Shoto wasn’t the type of guy to be easily embarrassed. For some reason he could not understand, as he had spent more time around Yaoyorozu, he had begun to feel things he normally didn’t. Unfortunately for him, this was one of those times.

“Oh,” blushed Momo, averting her gaze. The forest seemed to go silent for a moment. Momo cleared her throat. “I guess you should hurry up and go then.”

“Alright,” replied Shoto as he began walking towards the spot he and picked out. Once again, he heard the sound of crunching grass behind him. He stopped for a few seconds. The sound of crunching grass stopped. He began walking again only for the same thing to happen. He would repeat the process of starting and stopping two more times. Starting to get a little irritated, Shoto turned around. Just as he was getting ready to confront Momo, he noticed the look of uneasiness had returned to her face. “Yaoyorozu, is there something wrong?”

“It's nothing,” denied Momo. Try as she might, she just couldn’t bring herself to meet his gaze.

“Yaoyorozu, I’m not a mind reader. If something is wrong, you need to tell me.”

“You’ll probably think it’s silly if I tell you.”

“Yaoyorozu, you can tell me anything.”

“Promise you won’t laugh?”

“I won’t laugh,” promised Shoto.

Momo took a deep breath. “Here’s the thing. Ever since we found Mineta in his wounded state, I’ve had this sense of uneasiness that I just can’t shake. I know we’ve already determined that there is nothing to worry about, but even still, I can’t help feeling a bit scared.”

“Scared of what?” asked Shoto.

“That’s the issue,” replied Momo, “I’m not quite sure.” Momo took another deep breath as she thought of how to phrase what she was feeling. “Maybe I’m being paranoid, but for the last several minutes I can’t help but feel like we’re being watched by something. I know how ridiculous and irrational that sounds, but I just can’t help it.” By this point, Yaoyorozu had started shaking and tears were starting to form near the corners of her eyes.

“Calm down, Yaoyorozu,” said Shoto as he gently placed his hands on her shoulders. “I can assure you there is nothing out there. It’s just your imagination getting the best of you.”

“I know that,” she muttered. Seeing how scared she was, Shoto finally gave in.

“If it makes you feel better, you can come along with me,” said Shoto.

“Thank you, Todoroki,” she blushed.

“Let’s go over there,” pointed Shoto. The pair then walked over to a tall tree. Momo heard fumbling as Shoto unzipped his pants and whipped it out. A few seconds later, the hissing sound of water splashing against bark filled the forest. Momo kept her back turned to Shoto. In truth, she had lived a fairly sheltered life prior to attending UA and had never experienced a boy peeing so close to her before. Hearing Shoto’s piss smack the bark, she could feel her curiosity starting to get the best of her. As taboo as it might be, she wanted to look. “Are you doing okay back there?” asked Shoto, his question startling her.

“Yes,” stuttered Momo. Her thoughts were racing, and she could feel her heart beating wildly. Never in her life did she think she would have an opportunity to witness something like this. As naughty and perverted as it might seem, she knew that if she didn’t do it now, she might never get another chance. She wanted to look. She needed to look. She had to look. Her face beet red, she slowly turned her head to get a better look. From her vantage point, she could see Shoto had one arm against the tree.

He was resting his forehead against his forearm. While she couldn’t see it to well, she assumed his other hand was directing his stream. Moving her eyes downward, she noticed Shoto had his legs spread apart. Flowing between them was a thick and clear stream. She watched with pure fascination as the stream smashed against the tree with amazing precision before sliding down and darkening the bark. As she watched, she couldn’t help but feel a bit jealous at this wonderous thing she would never be able to do herself.

Suddenly, Momo heard cracking and snapping sounds coming from somewhere to her left. As she slowly turned her head towards the sound, she caught a brief glimpse out of the corner of her eye. There was a large figure roughly a hundred yards away. It was partially obscured by the shadows of the trees. While she couldn’t see it clearly, it didn’t look human. As she squinted her eyes, she realized something even more terrifying. Even though she couldn’t see the outlines of its face, she could tell it was staring at her. She opened her mouth to scream, but nothing came out. Suddenly the large figure turned in the direction she and Shoto and just come from and took off. In a feeling of terror, Momo lunged towards Shoto.

“What the hell!” shouted Shoto as he tried to regain control of his stream. As he turned his head, he saw Momo had buried her face into his back and was now tightly clenching his shirt in both hands. He could feel her entire body shaking. “Yaoyorozu, what’s wrong?”

Momo released one of her hands and pointed off in the direction she had seen the figure. “I saw something big watching us from over there. It took off in the direction we just came from.”

“It was probably just a bear” said Shoto as he looked in the direction Momo was pointing. “It was probably just curious.” Shoto looked back at Momo. She was still trembling. Shoto used his free hand and gently placed it on top of one of Momo’s. He gave it a gentle but reassuring squeeze. “Everything’s going to be alright.”

“Todoroki?”

“Yes?

“Can we stay like this for a little longer?” sniffled Momo. “At least until I calm down a bit?”

“Of course,” replied Shoto. “Take as much time as you need.”

###

It took Momo almost five minutes to calm herself down enough to let go of Shoto. “Are you okay now?” asked Shoto as he turned towards his classmate.

Momo took a couple deep breaths. “I’m feeling much better.”

“That’s good,” smiled Shoto. “Let’s head back.” Shoto took a few steps towards the direction of camp. He suddenly felt a tight tug on his shirt.

“Todoroki, can I ask a huge favor of you?”

“Sure, Yaoyorozu. I’ll do whatever you need me to do.” As he turned his head, he saw that Momo’s cheeks were bright red. Looking down, he noticed that Momo had one hand on her crotch and had begun hopping from foot to foot.

“I have to tinkle,” declared Momo. “Would you stay with me while I do it?” Her eyes looked like those of a puppy begging for attention or a treat.

Shoto quickly turned his head away from hers, “I guess I could do that.” Never in his wildest dreams did he think that Momo would ask him something like that. Furthermore, it was in such a cute way that he knew instantly that he wouldn’t be able to resist her request. Looking around, he noticed a bush large enough for Momo to squat behind. Pointing his finger at the bush, he stated, “I think that should be a good spot for you to squat behind. Don’t worry, I’ll stand on the this side and act as your lookout.”

“Thanks Todoroki,” smiled Momo. “However, I was thinking of doing something a little bit different.”

“Different how?”

Momo cleared her throat, “I thought that maybe I could try doing it standing up, sort of like you just did.”

“Can girls even pee standing up?” asked Shoto. “Wouldn’t it be kind of difficult to do it without a…you know…?” For whatever reason Shoto couldn’t bring himself to say the word “penis” in front of Momo.

“I guess it could be difficult to do it without a penis,” replied Momo. “However, if I used something to direct the urine far enough away from my body, I think I should be able to do it with little to no issues.”

“And how exactly would you do that?”

“Let me think,” said Momo as she began to rack her brain. “I’ve got it. I’ll create a paper penis to funnel the urine through.” The moment she said it, Shoto stifled a giggle. “What’s so funny?”

“Just what you called the thing you’re going to create,” replied Shoto, still trying hard not to burst out laughing.

“What should I call it then?”

“How about a “pee funnel” or “urination funnel”?” suggested Shoto.

“That sounds way better,” replied Momo. It was clear that she was getting excited at the prospect of creating such a device. Momo closed her eyes and began to focus on the shape and material she would likely need. A couple moments later, her arm began to glow. Shoto watched as Momo pulled out a cone-shaped object from her arm. It had the same red color as her hero suit. Momo looked it over. “I think this should work. Let’s try it out.” Momo walked behind the bush. In her current standing position, the bush reached just a few inches below her breasts.

“How exactly are you going to do this?” asked Shoto as he walked towards her.

“Since it’s my first time and this is a prototype, I think the best thing to do would be to strip from the waist down,” declared Momo. “At least this way, if the first try fails, I won’t get my clothes dirty.” Momo then proceeded to remove her pants and panties. She then placed her panties inside her pants before neatly folding her pants. Reaching over the bush, she asked “Todoroki, could you hold onto these for me so they don’t get dirty?”

“Sure,” he said as he grabbed the pants from her. He then turned his back to her to give her some privacy.

“Hey Todoroki, do you think you could face me while I do this? I’d feel better knowing there is somebody watching my blind spot for me.”

“If that’s what you want,” replied Shoto as he turned back around. They were now face to face with only the bush between them. Momo placed the funnel against her bare crotch. She shivered a bit as she did so. Shoto took notice. “Yaoyorozu, are you okay?” he asked.

“I’m fine,” she answered as she adjusted the funnel. “I’m just not used to having anything like this down near my vaginal area.” As she looked up, Momo noticed Shoto’s face had gone beet red, and he was unable to meet her gaze. It took Momo a few seconds to register what happened. “Wait a minute, that came out wrong. What I meant to say was this is not the kind of thing I typically put near my vaginal area.” The instant she saw Shoto’s face, she knew she had made the situation worse. Great, she thought to herself, now he probably thinks I’m some sort of sexual deviant.

“I get it,” said Shoto as his voice cracked a little. “Can we get this over with?”

“Sure,” blushed Momo. She then spread her legs like she had seen Shoto do while she used both hands to keep the funnel in place. “Before I start, do you have any pointers?”

Shoto racked his brain. “Maybe try pointing the funnel down at an angle. Perhaps something like this.” Momo watched as Shoto demonstrated the angle with his hand.

“Got it,” replied Momo, “let’s do this.” A couple minutes passed, but nothing happened. “Oh my. I didn’t think it would be this difficult to tinkle with somebody watching me like this. How in the world do you guys do this side by side?”

“I guess it’s just ingrained in us early enough that it doesn’t matter too much,” he answered. Another minute passed without anything happening. “If it’s too difficult for you right now, maybe you should try squatting.”

“No way!” declared Momo. “This is too important for me to give up before I’ve tried.”

“Why?”

“Because if I can get it to work, then I can help the rest of the girls on the trip. Whether they want to use it or not is up to them, but I think they should at least have the option of standing or squatting.”

Shoto smiled in amazement at the look of pure determination on Momo’s face. Guess I’ve got no other choice but to root for her, he thought to himself. “Alright Yaoyorozu, I know you can do this. Do your best.”

“I will,” blushed Momo. Another thirty seconds passed without anything happening. Come on, she thought to herself. You can do it. Just keep pushing through. Todoroki believes you can do it so you have to show him you can. Momo took a deep breath and gave one final push. Suddenly a sloshing sound broke the relative silence of the forest. Looking down, she saw a yellow stream jetting out of the tip of the funnel. Oh my God! I’m doing it, I’m doing it. I can’t believe I’m really doing it. I’m peeing like a boy! Momo watched as her piss hit the grass just a few centimeters from the bush. Suddenly an idea popped into her head. She took another deep breath and pushed again. This time, her stream just barely touched the bush.

“Sounds like you’re doing great,” stated Shoto.

“Yes,” agreed Momo as she looked into his eyes, “I can’t wait to show this off to the other girls.” Momo redirected her attention back to the funnel. Shoto watched as Momo’s eye’s grew wide and a look of terror crossed her face. “Oh no!” she screamed. Before Shoto had any time to react, Momo ducked down behind the bush.

“Yaoyorozu!” screamed Shoto as he ran to the other side of the bush. As he looked down, he saw that Momo was now in a squatting position. A thick yellow stream was gushing from between her legs with enough force to flatten the grass in front of her. Directly beneath her was the remnants of the red pee funnel. From the looks of it, it had been unable to handle the strain of directing a urine flow and had collapsed in on itself. As Shoto’s eyes shifted away from the funnel, they landed on a patch of hair. “Black,” muttered Shoto, unable to control himself.

“NOOOOO!!!” screamed Momo as she pressed her hands against her crotch. “DON’T LOOK!!!” But it was too late. The damage had been done. All Shoto could do was watch as Momo’s stream turned into a full-on spray. Part of her spray hit the lower part of the bush, running across the leaves before dripping onto lower leaves or the ground below. The other part splashed against the back of her hands and inner thighs. This would go on for about thirty seconds before finally ceasing. Shoto stared in shock as gravity pulled the remaining yellow droplets towards the earth. “Please look away while I clean myself up” sniffled Momo as she used her creation quirk to create a hand towel.

“I’m so sorry!” exclaimed Shoto as he turned his back to her. He could hear the sound of the towel rubbing against the wet parts of her skin. A couple minutes passed before Momo asked him for her clothes. “What happened?” asked Shoto as he listened to her get dressed.

“I think there might have been something wrong with the material I used or maybe I miscalculated,” replied Momo as she sanitized her hands. “I tried using a type of paper that is flexible, sturdy, and that is supposed to hold water without falling apart. Maybe it was the wrong type for the job, or maybe it wasn’t thick enough. Either way we can chalk this up as a complete and utter failure.” Shoto could see tears welling up in the corners of Momo’s eyes. Within seconds, there were tears rolling down her cheeks. “I’m sorry,” sniffled Momo as she began trying to wipe away the cascading tears.

Pulling a handkerchief from his pocket, Shoto walked over to Momo. Without hesitation, he used one hand to lift her chin up and the other hand to gently dab away her tears with the handkerchief. Momo turned her head and tried to avert her gaze. “Hey Yaoyorozu, could you look at me for a second?” he asked. She silently refused his request. Much to her surprise, Shoto placed both his hand on her cheeks and gently turned her head towards him. However, she still refused to meet his gaze. “Yaoyorozu, I need you to look at me for a second.” She did not. “Please.” This time, her eyes met his.

“Look Yaoyorozu, it doesn’t matter that your first try was a failure,” he stated. “What matters is that you tried. Remember that genius is 1% inspiration and 99% perspiration. You are one of the smartest people I know and if there’s anyone who can get this thing to work, it’ll be you.”

“You really think so,” she sniffled.

“I know so,” said Shoto.

“But what if I keep failing?”

“Then I’ll help you pick yourself up, dry your tears, and we can start again,” smiled Shoto. “You just have to be willing to keep trying.”

“Alright,” said Momo. “I’m going to keep trying, but I’ll need your help.”

“I’ll do whatever I can.”

“Thanks Todoroki,” smiled Momo. As she did so, Shoto felt his heart skip a beat. The two of them stood up and began making their way back to camp. On their way back to camp, they conversed about all the possible ideas they could try next, neither of them knowing just what kind of strange experiences awaited them.

To Be Continued
