Boku no Hero Academia: The Camping Trip

Author: Char242

*000*2018-12-19 07:50

A few minutes later, Deku was at the large stump, but Mei was nowhere in sight. Feeling a slight urge to pee, he walked over to a patch of nearby trees. He was just barely unzipping his pants when he rounded a large tree. Just then, he looked down and saw Mei was squatted down less than an arm’s length away from him. Her pants were around her knees and a golden geyser was spewing forth from between her legs, turning the dirt beneath her a dark brown. As she looked up, she said, “Care to join me? I really don’t mind.”

“I’m good,” gasped an embarrassed Deku as he quickly turned his back, but before he could walk away, he felt something grab the back of his pant leg.

“Midoriya, is it?” began Mei, “Can you come closer for a second? My legs aren’t used to squatting like this and I want to use you as support.”

“Aren’t you embarrassed?” stuttered Deku.

“About what?”

“About you peeing in front of a guy,” replied Deku.

“I don’t see what the big deal is?” answered Mei. “Urinating is a natural function. Why should I be ashamed?” Deku could think of several good reasons, but it was then he remembered that he had heard rumors about this girl being oblivious to social cues. His thoughts were interrupted when Mei yelled, “Are you going to help me or not? I feel like I’m about to fall over.”

Unable to say no, Deku muttered, “Okay,” before backing up just enough that Mei could better grab his leg. His mind began to race as he tried to think about something other than the puddle growing underneath Mei. However, it wasn’t much use as the sound of her piss slapping the dirt and the faint smell of ammonia kept distracting him. He tried looking down at his shoes and as he did, he noticed that his fly was still unzipped and went to zip it up.

“You know it’s okay if you want to whip it out and take a leak,” declared Mei as she heard the sound of Deku’s zipper.

“I’m not going to do that in front of you,” blushed Deku.

“Suit yourself,” said Mei. About half a minute later, her thick stream turned into a small trickle before dying off. Turning her head towards Deku, she asked, “Do you have any toilet paper or tissue or something to wipe with?” As embarrassing as the question was, Deku none the less began searching his pockets for something that Mei could use. In the end he found a small pack of tissues that his mother had forced him to take along. Now he was kind of glad that he had. He took out one of the tissues and handed it to Mei. Deku could hear her as she cleaned herself off, followed by the rustling noise of her pulling up her pants.

Unable to take the awkwardness anymore, Deku finally asked, “What did you bring me out here for anyway?”

“Oh, I almost forgot all about that,” laughed Mei as she walked past Deku and back to the stump. She then reached behind the stump and pulled out the small bag that she had taken out of her larger pack back at the campsite while everyone was distracted with the Emergency Toilet.

“What’s in there?” questioned Deku as he walked over to the stump.

“It’s my newest invention,” she exclaimed as she opened the bag and took out what looked to be metal soles for shoes and a weird looking belt with a large buckle.

“What is it?” asked Deku as he looked at the strange looking items now lying on the stump.

“They’re parts for jet-propelled shoes. You simply attach these babies to the bottoms of your shoes and press the button in the center of the belt. Essentially your shoes become a jet pack. I used some of the same principles for this invention as I did with the jet pack you used during the Cultural Festival.”

“You mean the one that you based off of Air Jet’s gear?”

“Yes, only way better.”

“That’s so cool!” shouted Deku, his inner fanboy bursting to the surface. “Do you think I could try it out a little?”

“Of course,” smiled Mei, “after all, you are my test subject.” Mei then ordered Deku to sit on the stump as she set about attaching the metal soles to his shoes. As she attached them, Deku noticed dozens of little boosters dotted all along the bottoms of the soles. Once the soles were attached, she had him put on the belt. Taking a few steps back, she told him, “Now stand up and press the button. It’ll take a couple seconds for the boosters to start, but once they do, you should be able to start hovering.”

“Got it,” said Deku as he pressed the button. Suddenly a loud sizzling noise filled the air. As Deku looked down, he saw that a small plume of smoke was beginning to rise up from the center of the belt. “Uh Hatsume

…what’s happening?” asked Deku, doing his best not to panic.

“Crap,” she screamed as she ran over and pushed him down onto the stump. She then ripped open the belt’s control panel. “The wires are split. I’ll need to fix it,” she explained as she unzipped her jacket, revealing a bunch of small tools.

“I’ll just take this off then,” offered Deku, but before he could do anything, Mei grabbed his legs and spread them open, her face just centimeters from his crotch. “What are you doing?” he stuttered.

“I’m trying to fix it,” she said as she pulled out a small soldering tool. As she turned it on, she said, “I would highly suggest that you try not to move unless you want me to damage something important.” As Mei set to work fixing the wires, Deku could feel her warm breath near his thighs. It was taking everything he had to keep himself under control. As he tried to think about something else, he couldn’t help but feel grateful that at least it was only the two of them there.

###

Back at the camp, it had been almost ten minutes since Deku and Mei had snuck off and Ochaco was starting to get a little jealous. While she had never had a problem with Deku associating with other girls before, Yuga’s question to her during their battle with Thirteen during the final exams about whether she liked Deku or not had sent her mind into total disarray. She couldn’t tell what her feeling for Deku were and because of that, even being alone with Deku had become difficult for her.

“Hey Ochaco, aren’t you going to eat?” asked Mina, her words snapping Ochaco back to reality. “Are you on a diet or something?”

“I’m not,” answered Ochaco as she stole another glance back at the trees. “I’m waiting for Deku to come back. He promised me we’d eat together.”

“Where is Deku anyway?”

“He said that he thought he lost something in the forest on the way up here and that he was going to go look for it. I offered to help, but he told me to wait here.” She paused for a moment before standing up. “I think I’ll go look for him.”

“I’ll go with you,” declared Mina as she placed the lid on her bento box and set it on the ground. Mina had spent the last several minutes contemplating whether she wanted to risk embarrassment by using the so-called Emergency Toilet, or whether she’d take her chances and find a private place in the forest to pop a squat. She had carefully weighed her options and found that sneaking off to pee in the forest would offer more privacy. The only problem was a certain little grape-haired pervert who might try to follow her. Seeing this as her chance to have a lookout, she forced herself to her feet. A sharp pain reverberated throughout her bladder. Not wanting to alert anybody else as to what was going on, she decided to clench her teeth and smile through the pain. By this time, she had realized that if she sat back down, there was no way she would be able to get back up again and still be dry. It was now or never.

“You don’t have to go out of your way or anything…” began Ochaco.

“Look, I have my reasons,” interrupted Mina, her voice beginning to betray her desperation.

“Like what?”

Mina moved closer to Ochaco and whispered, “The truth is I really need to pee, but I don’t want to go into the forest by myself especially with that little pervert Mineta around. Would you come with me and watch my back?”

“Why don’t you just use the Emergency Toilet?”

“After seeing what happened to Aoyama, would you want to use that thing?” Mina answered back.

“Good point,” replied Ochaco. “Let’s move before we’re noticed.” The two then quietly snuck off into the trees.

###

As they walked through the forest, Mina placed one hand on her crotch and the other on Ochaco’s shoulder. Mina was hunched over a little. The pain was getting worse by the second and she could feel her bladder muscles slowly beginning to give way. She had half a mind to drop trou and piss right then and there. However, they were not yet far enough away for her to feel comfortable relieving herself. Mina quickly realized that thinking about her desperation wasn’t doing her any good and neither was hunching over. Mina let go of Ochaco’s arm and allowed her to walk a little ahead of her to scout for a good place to pee. As she attempted to focus her thoughts on something else, her foot suddenly hit a small tree root protruding from the ground. The poor girl lost her balance and fell to her knees. The shock of the fall weakened her bladder to the point that she could just barely hold back the raging waters inside of her.

“Mina, are you alright?” shouted Ochaco as she ran over to her.

“I think I’ve reached my limit,” she whined. “I can’t go any farther. I’ll have to do it here.”

“Are you sure?” asked Ochaco. The area around them was dotted with trees, but none of them were positioned in such a way as to provide complete cover from the direction they had just come from.

“Yes,” she gasped. Another burst of pain reverberated through her bladder. The seal was breaking. “Please help me,” begged Mina. “I don’t think I can move on my own.”

“Don’t worry, I’ve got you,” declared Ochaco as she sprang into action. She quickly squatted down in front of Mina. Ochaco then had Mina throw her arms around her neck while Ochaco wrapped her arms around Mina’s midsection. As carefully as she could, Ochaco slowly pulled Mina off of her knees and into a squatting position.

“Ochaco, I need to ask a big favor of you,” said Mina. Her face now contorted in pain and dripping with sweat.

“I’ll do anything. Just tell me how I can help.”

“I think my legs are about to give out,” she gasped as another burst of pain jolted her bladder. “If I let go of you I think I’ll fall backwards.”

“Don’t worry, you can hang on to me for as long as you need to.”

“That’s not the issue,” replied Mina. “If I’m holding onto you, I can’t pull my shorts down, which means I’m going to need you to do it for me.”

“I can’t!” blushed Ochaco. The thought of pulling down another girl’s pants was way too embarrassing.

“If you don’t, I’ll wet myself. Please do it,” she begged, tears forming in the corners of her eyes.

“Okay, I’ll do it,” relented Ochaco. Ochaco pulled Mina as close as she could. She then removed her hands from Mina’s midsection and moved them down towards Mina’s shorts. Moving as quickly as she could, she unbuttoned and unzipped Nina’s shorts. Then, as carefully as possible, she began to pull down Mina’s shorts and panties. It wasn’t an easy task given the way Mina was positioned, but Ochaco was able to do it none the less.

“Are they down now?” whispered Mina, her face resting against Ochaco’s chest. She was panting from the pain.

“You’re good to go.”

“Hey Ochaco?”

“Yeah?”

“I’m sorry about this.” And with that, a loud sloshing sound shattered the relative quiet of the forest. It was followed by the sound of moaning. As Ochaco looked down, she saw a clear stream erupting from Mina’s pink pussy. The stream smashed into the dirt, turning it into mud. Realizing how embarrassing the whole situation must have been for Mina, Ochaco tried to look elsewhere. Suddenly, the sloshing sound was overtaken by a bubbling sound. Unable to fight her curiosity, Ochaco looked down again and saw that the puddle forming underneath Mina was not only bubbling, but it looked like her piss was dissolving the ground below. Mina must have sensed what Ochaco was thinking as the next thing she said was, “It’s awful isn’t it?”

“What are you talking about?”

“My piss. It’s eating away at the ground.”

“Why is it doing that?” asked Ochaco.

“It’s a side-effect of my Acid quirk,” answered Mina, her voice starting to tremble a little. “I don’t have complete control of my quirk yet and because of that my urine sometimes ends up being so acidic that it can melt almost anything it touches.”

“So then how do you use the toilet without breaking it?”

“I had a special chemical made to neutralize the acid. I have to pour into the toilet before I use it. Pretty disgusting, huh?” Ochaco could tell that Mina was fighting back tears as she admitted these things.

“I don’t think so,” smiled Ochaco. “I think it’s unique in a cool way of course.”

“Promise you won’t tell anybody about this?”

“I promise.”

“Thank you Ochaco. You’re a good friend,” said Mina. About thirty seconds later, her stream finally ceased. With the pain gone, Mina was finally able to stand up on her own. Ochaco pulled a pack of tissues out of her pocket and handed it to Mina. Mina then went about wiping herself off. When she was done, she pulled up her panties and shorts. “Do you want to head back to the camp?” she asked as she buttoned and zipped her shorts.

“No, I’m going to go look for Deku,” answered Ochaco. “You can go back to the camp if you want.”

“I think I will,” stated Mina as she turned around and began walking towards camp. Before she left, she shouted, “You better hurry up and find him quickly, otherwise everyone will be done with lunch by the time you guys start.” And with that, she disappeared into the trees.

“She’s right,” muttered Ochaco to herself as she turned towards the direction that she had seen Deku walk off in. “I better find him quickly.”

###

As Ochaco walked deeper into the forest, she began to wonder whether she would really be able to find Deku. The more she thought about it, the more she wondered whether by finding him, she might see something that she didn’t want to. Even still, she kept pushing onward. Two more minutes passed before she changed her mind and decided to head back. The forest was way too big and there was no guarantee that Deku hadn’t changed directions. For all she knew, he could already be back at camp waiting for her to return. She was just getting ready to turn around when she heard a high-pitched male scream a short distance away. It sounded like Deku. Fearing that he was in trouble, Ochaco ran off in the direction of the scream.

Less than a minute later, she found the source. She quickly hid herself behind a tree and peeked her head around it. A few yards away from her was Deku. He was sitting on a large stump, but he was not alone. Mei was there with him and she had her head between his legs. As Ochaco looked at Deku’s face, she thought he looked aroused.

Suddenly, Ochaco heard Deku say, “Hatsume, are you almost done? My thighs hurt, and this is starting to feel really weird.”

“Hold still. You’re not getting up until I’m satisfied. I’m almost done. Just be a man and take it,” yelled Mei, sweat beginning to form above her upper lip. Ochaco didn’t know what was going on, but she knew that she had seen enough. As she stepped back, her foot landed on a twig, snapping it in two. The cracking of the twig was enough to draw Mei and Deku’s attention.

“Uraraka!” shouted Deku.

“Hey,” called Mei as she turned her head to Ochaco. Ocahaco watched as the girl wiped her mouth with her hand.

“I’m sorry to interrupt,” stuttered Ochaco as she took a couple steps back. Her face was beet red and she was not able to look either of them in the eyes. It took Deku a couple seconds to realize what was going on.

“Wait Uraraka,” he cried, “it’s not what it looks like.” But it was too late. Ochaco had already turned around and bolted for the campsite. As he watched her leave, he wondered how in the world he was going to clear up this understanding. Little did he know that things were about to get a bit more complicated for the two of them before the trip was over.

To be Continued….
