The Midday Moon Wets Pants (Mothra)

Author: Captain L

*000*2020-06-27 12:22

Stay safe, Leo. Dagahra had now recovered, facing Mothra down from on high, and the two were currently staring each other down. So long as you're safe, Leo, I can do what needs to be done. Her fist tightened and her legs crossed beneath her clothes. Or rather, most of what needs to be done. This wasn't the first time she had been in this exact kind of tight spot, but she had rarely been so desperate, either in a fight or out of one.

The guardian moth could no longer ignore the massive bulge on her stomach, a clear sign that she was pent-up with more urine than she could fathom. If one was looking out for it, they would most certainly be able to spot the protruding lump from the outside. And the mass of liquid was so heavy, it seemed like all of her movements were performed while stuck in mud. Her bladder was burning a hole in her abdomen, a tidal wave held back by nothing more than her willpower, seeing as those muscles were screaming impending failure.

She wouldn't ever verbally admit it, but this kaiju didn't exactly have the strongest bladder. She could hold her own when it came to capacity, but as she filled more and more, she found it more difficult to focus on anything else, so by now, it was a miracle there was anything besides pee on her mind. Yet, ironically enough, if it weren't for the distraction, she'd have broken down long ago, mentally.

And there was something else, more externally visceral, to make Mothra feel uncomfortable. Because she had been struggling with her full bladder for so long, while also fighting one of the toughest opponents she had ever faced, she had leaked no minuscule amount. There seemed to be a constant trail of urine trickling down her legs, to say nothing of the large yellow splotches now soaked into the inner lining of her kimono. Any time it brushed against her crotch or her rear, she was reminded of how much she had already wet herself.

Maybe I really should wet myself. Then I could fight with everything I have. I mean, it won't be any better if I lose, and if I win, it would be worth a little accident. So maybe I should... There wasn't much in the way of cons to purposefully drenching herself, she had even made up her mind on the matter, so one would expect to see a puddle begin forming at her feet as her orange kimono sprouted a water stain. But it never came. She stayed dry. Well, as dry as she was already. Mothra was a very refined woman, it wasn't so easy to purposefully demean herself.

And she didn't have time to force it, because Dagahra wasn't the patient sort. Jumping high into the air from his perch, he opened his mouth, revealing a purple glow at the back of his throat, and the blast fired with speed and force to propel him into further ascension. With no time to properly prepare, Mothra could only wrap her wings around her body as a defense mechanism. Lucky for her, this wasn't a simple act of reducing damage to her main body, for her wings were more than simple wings, with their scales glistening in the sun. Dagahra's Irabushan Beam hit the mark, and reflected off Mothra's scales. However, her hasty shielding of herself and poor footing meant the blast instead fired off into the distance, and her balance was thrown off. In danger of falling backwards into the water, she straightened her wings against her back and steadied herself.

But Dagahra wasn't done. Once Mothra was no longer covering her eyes with her wings, Dagahra rocketed down, foot first in a devastating divekick. And this time, there was nothing Mothra could do to avoid it, she could only close her eyes and prepare for his heel to dig into her stomach. And she'd definitely pee herself then. So long as Leo isn't around to see his mother in that state.

"Grawrgh!" But the blow never came. Because, when Mothra opened her eyes once more, Dagahra had been forced to the floor by a ring of blue energy slamming into him from above. Then came a second, and a third, and an onslaught commenced, basically keeping the monster pinned. Every time he tried to move, another blast would come down like a meteor.

Mothra had never seen an ability like this, so once it had set in that someone was helping her, her head tilted upwards. She almost blinded herself because of it, as the attacker was silhouetted in front of the sun, building a ball of power between hands above their head. All their features were obscured by brightness, but Mothra had a nagging feeling she recognized the figure, large wings more distinct than their actual body. While she was still putting the pieces together, he shouted. "Shine Strike Buster!" He put his cupped hands forward, firing a burst of energy with enough power to cause a large explosion as it hit Dagahra, kicking up debris and splashes of water.

Once she heard the voice, there was no mistaking it. "Leo, what are you still doing here?!"

The young kaiju landed next to his mother, entering a fighting pose. "I'm not going to leave you, mom! We'll take him on together!"

"Leo..." Mothra didn't know how to respond to her son's disobedience. It's good that you're so willing to protect another, but this isn't the time! Dagahra could kill you! If he's going to kill someone, it should be me! "Leo, I'm not saying that your attitude is wrong, but I meant it! Get out of here!" Her voice was shaky, a fear that she never wanted to exhibit.

"No!"

"Leo! Listen to your mother!" Having such a usually well-behaved boy, this could be the first time she needed to discipline her child.

"I'm not gonna be able to protect the planet if I can't even protect you! You think it's better to die by yourself, protect me so I can haunted by the thought that I could have helped you?! I'm staying! You can't tell me 'no'!" This was such a stark departure from his usually easy-going, happy-go-lucky self, now his eyes were alight with resolve, a strength shining deep from his soul. Mothra no longer had the heart to argue.

Not that she would have had the time to begin with. "Graaaaaaggh!" From within the smoke, Dagahra roared, dissipating the clouds that surrounded him. With his vision unobscured, he shot a glare of death in Leo's direction. "So that attack was you, runt? It would seem I've underestimated you to now. Well, no more! Take comfort in knowing that you're worthy of being on the receiving end of my full strength." Leaning forward for a brief moment, he dashed forward so fast that he appeared to melt into a blur. He only reappeared when his fist was buried in Leo's chest, who was doubled over and wrapped around Dagahra's arm, gasping for breath. And he stayed in that position for a solid few seconds before the impact of the punch caught up with him, and sent him flying into the distance with a sonic boom.

Mothra wouldn't fall for the same trick. When the monster came for her next, she caught his fist with two open palms, but still needed to deal with the momentum behind the blow. Momentum enough to make her slide across the wet pyramid platform, but it did put some distance between the two, allowing enough time before Dagahra's next attack for Mothra to halt his advance with a kick to the side of the leg, to be followed by a swift palm to the face when her attacker fell.

And that's when Mothra made a vital discovery to this fight. Don't use kicks, don't use kicks! As her legs separated, a jet of urine squirted out, on a clean path to drench into the ankle hem of her kimono. And in the aftermath, a couple extra dribbles found their way out of her urethra, to say nothing of the permanent wetness her privates were currently characterized by. This is bad...I've never needed to relieve myself this urgently, I'd have always wet myself by now.

The thought once again crossed her mind to have an accident, even more tempting this time. The only reason she didn't go through with it was Leo bolting back into action, punching Dagahra in the cheek at light speed, hitting like a missile, his arm crackling with blue lightning, causing sparks to emanate off the sheet of water coating the pyramid. And Dagahra barely moved. Before Leo could even fully process that this attack was ineffective, his extended arm was taken into Dagahra's grip, who swung the boy around and threw him at his mother.

"I've got you!" Mothra caught Leo in her embrace, preventing the two from taking a spill, and quickly regretted it thanks to a spill of her own. Because of the way Leo landed against his mother, tilted in such a way that he was sideways, his elbow stabbed Mothra in the side, jostling her stretched bladder. "Ggnghgh!" It isn't his fault, he didn't mean to do that, he doesn't even know that you need to go. She needed to keep repeating thoughts she already knew, because it was a better alternative than letting her mind flood with the image of her massively bursting bladder. If she were to even entertain those thoughts now, her adrenaline would wear off and she'd almost surely explode. Even resisting, the sharp pain forced her to the ground, shivering, unable to move.

All the while, Leo jumped back into the fray, with all the ferocity of a wild beast. No matter how much Dagahra fought back, Leo did not relent. His opponent came in swinging, arms and legs striking with spring-like speed and precision, but Leo bobbed and weaved out of the way of each blow, beginning to bring to light one advantage he held over the aquatic kaiju: speed. Even while avoiding Dagahra's onslaught, he still found the openings to deliver a few blows of his own, a lightning aura now circling his form. Dagahra even managed to pin Leo to the wall at one point, holding him against the stone with his forearm to the moth's throat, but Leo snaked his body to avoid the punch that followed, feeling the pyramid crack behind him, and headbutted himself to freedom.

Mothra watched as her son, burning with passion for the fight, was starting to take the upper hand, and she had an epiphany. He really has grown up, hasn't he? Leo would always be her little boy, but maybe she had wrongfully assumed he'd always be the kid she'd raised. She'd always kept him on Infant Island, taught him caution, limited the time he'd spend around his uncle, for fear of Battra's attitude rubbing off, all for Leo's safety, pushing off the day she'd trust him with responsibility. And here he was, fighting with everything he had for the good of the planet, and his loved ones. No, he's not my baby anymore. Even in this fight to the death, Mothra smiled, proud.

Yet, even as she watched in awe at her son's hidden talent, she could still tell that this was Leo's first fight. Though fast, his movements were stiff, and there was an uncomfortably long gap between moves. Should Dagahra wise up and use his own strengths to make up for his sluggish style, Leo would be in trouble. He needed somebody to watch his back, cover his weaknesses, and Mothra was the only one that could. With her muscles stiff and weak, and her veins full of ice, she put one foot in front of the other, straining to close the distance and join the fray.

As she crawled ahead, Leo and Dagahra's battle began spinning the two around, resulting in Leo unwittingly having his back turned to his mother. That's...perfect, actually. With a sharp backhand slap, Dagahra knocked Leo against the pyramid, now dazed and slumped over. And, without the moth boy in front of him, Dagahra could see the moth mother, kneeling behind where her son previously stood, already pouncing with a clenched fist. She was so far into the attack, in fact, that she had almost punched Leo in the back of the head before he was unceremoniously pushed aside.

And now her fist connected with Dagahra's face, with a satisfying crack, suggesting that her punch broke the kaiju's nose, a conclusion strengthened by the blood that began to trickle from his nostrils. He wiped it off with the back of his hand, looking over the proof of injury with wide eyes. He didn't start moving again until Leo came back to his senses, taking a stance next to his mother. "You've crossed the line, insects. It's time I stop playing around."

Of everything that had happened today, that one statement was the scariest thing Leo had heard. "P-playing around?"

Saying nothing more, Dagahra shoulder-tackled Leo. The breath flew from the moth's lungs and his ribs began screaming in pain. The only reason they didn't fracture was Leo's light weight knocking him off his feet at the point of impact, so he went tumbling back instead of taking the damage, landing on his back, his upper half past the floor and laying on the temple's incline, groaning.

"Leo!" With no hesitation, Mothra turned her back to her opponent to run to her son's aid. However, no sooner did she complete her pivot that a set of fingers wrapped around her neck from the back, hoisting her into the air. The hold didn't have the leverage to choke her, but it kept her restrained, and no amount of flailing at the enemy behind her loosened his grip. Of course, the restrained nature of her movements as she fought not to soak herself wasn't helping her chances. Held aloft, a couple drops of her bodily fluids trickled down her feet and fell onto the stone beneath.

Leaning upright, shaking, Leo struggled to even open his eyes again. But, once he had, they shot open with anger, his pupils quivering. "Hey, let go of mom," he shouted, forcing himself up onto his hands and knees.

Dagahra grinned. "You seem to be forgetting something, runt."

By now, Leo had a foot on the ground, only just starting to stand. "Forgetting what?"

"I'm not fighting alone!" Like his voice called it, as soon as Dagahra made his declaration, a massive tidal wave grew behind Leo. The mist passed him by, past the corner of his eye, before the wall crashed down on him. The pressure would already be enough to force him back down to the floor, but that was far, far from the worst part of the tsunami, for the seawater was red, a sea dyed with the bloodlust of countless Barem. And with no way to escape, as many of the starfish as could cover the little moth's body suctioned on.

"Leo! LEO!" Mothra called out to the pile of starfish that was once her son, barely able to make out his shape, the only visible characteristic remaining being his green eyes, dimly shining through small gaps. If Dagahra made those things, they're way too dangerous! They're going to do something horrible to my little boy! Fueled by an even greater desire, she began struggling again, desperate to break free.

And Dagahra wasn't having that. "Ggngh, you're too feisty. I think it's time you learned your place. Sear it into your mind that the might of the ocean far outpowers you, for the few moments remaining to you." Taking his time, he carried Mothra down to the water, out until he was waist-deep. Mothra knew what was coming. No... It was all she could do to think even that much before her head was shoved beneath the surface, not deep, but far beyond any chance of breathing. She tried once more to break free, powered by the desires for victory, her son's safety, and not dying. Yet, even with all of that, the most she could muster was frantic splashing. Eventually, the futility began to set in, and her thrashing grew less and less violent. Leo, forgive me...

###

MOM! Leo wanted to scream for his mother, rush to her side, but he couldn't move at all, coated with Barem. Forced to his knees, he could do nothing but watch as his mother drowned. This was the most horrifying image he could possibly imagine, happening right before his eyes, unable to step in no matter how much he forced his muscles to overpower the starfish. It was agony, every step of it. The injuries he sustained in the fight began to catch up with him now that he could no longer move. The suction cups of the Barem affixed to his skin and clothes. The mental anguish of the scene playing out before him. And, of course, his bladder so stretched out that it felt as if it could rupture through his stomach soon, with his kidneys soon to follow. But that last one was somehow pretty minor in the grand scale of things.

Then the Barem attacked. Acid began secreting from their pores, and while it did little to his clothes, every inch of his exposed skin began burning. No one would possibly blame him for leaking a considerable amount of urine in response to the pain, enough that the whole front of his shorts was now soaked in his fluids (though it was already most of the way there beforehand). Of course, it did nothing to loosen the Barem stuck to his pants.

But Leo didn't care. Mom... I have to help mom! I just...need my body to move! He struggled, he strained, yet he couldn't even twitch underneath this living veil. Darn it! Where's that "great power" I'm supposed to have?! We're both going to die if I can't find it now! Come on! I can't let this monster get away with it! It was hard to find his inner, radiating self when all he could feel inside was a boiling load of pee throwing him off. Yet, no matter how many times his intense desperation distracted him, no matter how many times a stabbing pain warned him not to even think about his bladder, he wouldn't stop trying.

It was this combination of physical and mental anguish, this absolute need for strength, that brought out an incredible force from within, far more than could be contained by his small body, meaning it had nowhere to go but all around. "HAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHH!" With a blinding light and galeforce winds born of pure power, all the Barem latched onto Leo were instantly vaporized, with not even their molecules remaining. The wave continued outwards for miles, killing every Barem in the sea that felt it, breaking their bodies apart.

Even Dagahra was thrown off-balance by this display. "Grawgh! W-what was that?!" He hadn't been looking in that direction, occupied by his own sadism, and even knowing something was happening, he could barely look. The spot where one of his opponents once stood was now the center of a typhoon, with an unnatural light shining, and all the water close to the spot boiling from exposure to so much energy, creating a steam haze.

Then, the curtain faded, and standing in that spot, the source of so much energy, was Mothra Leo standing tall. The same kid he had been fighting, but far different. His hair, previously a mossy green, was now the bright blue of a cloudless sky. His unfurled wings, which prior to now were colored with natural green and brown tones, now shone with a brilliant rainbow. And his eyes, his eyes were the most striking of all, beyond a simple green-to-blue color change. Leo had already shown the light of a warrior in those eyes, but now, he was infinitely worse. The tranquil fury that laid behind those eyes now was not that of a simple kaiju. This was the wrath of a living Earth, using its protector as its vessel. A pure, composed fury of a vengeful guardian.

Dagahra did nothing. For the first time in his life, he felt fear. He was frozen in place, it was only his weight that was keeping Mothra underwater at this point. Something Leo would not stand for. The guardian moth boy, in the blink of an eye, was replaced with an afterimage, and the real Leo already had his fist in Dagahra's stomach. Dagahra didn't react for several seconds, so in shock at the speed at which the punch was delivered, until he coughed up blood and dropped his hold on Mothra. Mothra quickly pulled her head above water, choking and heaving up the salty liquid. It was all she could do to roll over and watch while floating on her back.

"How dare you... How dare you!" The aquatic monster swung a powerful fist at Leo's neck, intending to break it, and he hit exactly where he wanted to. But Leo didn't budge in the slightest. There was a resulting gust of wind that would have been strong enough to demolish a building, yet Leo kept staring into his soul, with his newfound arctic glare. Then, while the fist was still connected, Leo replaced himself with another afterimage, but Dagahra only realized the switch when a foot kicked him in the back of his head at the exact same moment, a dive kick that sent him crashing into the floor, leaving a crater in the stone.

Whether it was a way of showing moral superiority, or ego, Leo did nothing to restrain Dagahra as he laid on the ground, beaten and broken. He just watched the monster struggle to get up with all his fractured bones, crawling and slumping back into the water with a pitiful splash. Being a creature of the water, his intense injuries did not prevent him from swimming away, though slow enough that he could be tracked by the naked eye.

Leo wasn't about to just let him retreat, however. He steadied his stance and put both hands by his sides, tensing his fingers as hard as he could without bursting his blood vessels, he closed his eyes and began focusing power into his palms, glowing with radiant light. Then, he thrust them both forward, touching at the wrist with hands cupped. "Sparkling Pileload." Blue lightning began striking from the sky several times, making a straight line from Leo to Dagahra. Each impact split the ocean in two, creating a canyon between walls of water, until it reached its target. This time, a massive cyan column, pulsing with electricity, came crashing down on Dagahra, raising him up towards the center, all the while convulsing with constant blows of energy everywhere on his body.

And once it was over, the column compressed towards the middle, concluding with an explosion that sent tall waves outwards, and sent Dagahra rocketing, with a trail of smoke, to the summit of the Nilai-Kanai Temple. The Guardian Towers turned their beams on him once more, now too weak to shrug them off. "KRRGGAAAGGHHHH! RUNT! MAY YOU PERISH, SLOW AND AGONIZING!" The source of his life, the Nilai-Kanai soon brought about Dagahra's death, as he exploded from the blasts, leaving nothing behind but his memory.

Leo stared at the spot where his enemy met his end for several seconds, and only after making absolutely sure that the fight was over did he relax. His body loosened and his eyes relaxed, dropping the rage he had carried. A simple switch, and he was back to his usual cute self, just with new coloration. "Hah...hah...I did it. Hey, I did it! Mom, I did it!" He looked around, spinning around, and eventually found Mothra with her hands gripping on the edge of the pyramid floor he was standing on, climbing her way back up. "Mom!" He reached down and pulled his mother out of the ocean, no effort needed.

Mothra was dripping salt water head to toe as she got back up, but notably, uncharacteristically, she kept her distance from her son. "L-Leo...what just happened? You were...you weren't you..."

I was scared! I was angry! I didn't know what I was doing! I did what needed to be done! He had so many explanations for his brutal actions, but now that the fight was over and he had begun to decompress, the adrenaline coursing through his veins more than blood was thinning, bringing back to light the intense, yet irrelevant, pain it had suppressed. And I'll die if I don't pee RIGHT THIS SECOND! One more spurt squirted out, and instinctively, Leo knew that he was on the very precipice. One moment of hesitation, one singular extra drop of urine, and his bladder would explode.

But there were no trees on the Nilai-Kanai Temple in the middle of the ocean, no bushes for any sort of privacy, nowhere it was actually okay to do his business. Even the pillars he had come so close to relieving himself on weren't exactly permissible. What am I supposed to do? I can't wet my pants here, but there's nowhere else I can pee! I can't use the ocean...I-I can't...I...I... I HAVE TO! IT'S AN EMERGENCY!

"L-Leo? Is something wrong?" Mothra was watching from the side, and it wasn't hard to imagine why she was so worried. Her son had shown a new, violent side along with his never-before-seen transformation, and once he had calmed down, he had completely frozen. Fear welled up inside her, an idea that Leo had burned himself out with that surge of power. After all, his only movement was a twitching hand.

That soon changed. His trembling hand, along with his opposite hand, rushed to his crotch and squeezed hard, with the incredible strength he now possessed, to the point where his sensitive parts began to feel sore behind the burning need to whiz. "Aaaaaahhhhhhhhh!" Screaming his head off, Leo bolted for the edge of the platform, facing the gentle waves of the ocean, the splashing of the waves creating a noise that pushed Leo into doubling over, fighting a great battle within his body, one where the internal pressure was greater than the geyser of water his pants would soon become.

But he was so close, he wasn't stopping now. Without any of the earlier shame or hesitation, he took both hands off his groin, gripping the frontmost portion of his shorts' waistband in his right palm as each finger clutched it, while his left hand shot beneath his bottoms to keep his boyhood squeezed, feeling a spurt of hot urine spatter against his palm, even beneath the glove he wore. The sides of his forearms were used to shift his waist scarf into a more favorable position, where the least covered his front, but it was a bit of a futile effort with the white garment already having a yellow blot.

Crying out in pain, tears pouring down his cheeks, Leo shoved the front of his shorts down past his privates, allowing it to cradle and rest beneath his junk, as his other hand whipped his trembling penis out and forward, now holding onto the shaft with two fingers and his thumb, aiming it as close to a perpendicular angle against his body as he could, given the pressure he was under. It didn't really matter, because the golden flow erupted from his tip as soon as it was exposed, gushing with such power that it easily flew into the great blue sea, landing with a loud splash and many droplets flying off the impact point in all directions. There was even recoil in his member, under the power of the pee.

While the volume of urine pouring from poor Leo was incredible, he was not in a pleasant mood as the torrent raged. For one thing, he wasn't draining at any rapid pace, the bulge on his stomach remaining evident and obvious, it probably made up several metric tons of his weight right now. But also, simply having the chance to relieve himself, fill the ocean with his steaming urine, wouldn't immediately erase the agony he still felt. His bladder had been so swollen and bloated before it began slowly voiding, not only could it have been permanently injured, but it remained no less full no matter how much of his yellow, cloudy bodily fluid voided itself. And coming after the events he had lived through today, saying that this hurt was a bold statement.

Breathing so quickly his lungs could barely process the oxygen before another exhale, Leo continued to shiver and sob as his penis remained a localized waterfall. The pee that burst out was rushing quickly enough to match that description, though he had achieved far more distance. A thick foam built on the water's surface, soon obscuring the view of the sea wherever it spread. Each of the tiny bubbles popping might as well have been a thunderbolt with how guilty it made Leo feel, and the roaring echo of his pee stream crashing against the hard surface threatened to deafen all within a hundred-mile radius. At least he couldn't smell it, with how far away everything besides the urine rushing from his privates was congregated, but that was little comfort. His eyes closed slowly, shamefully, his bottom lip quivered, and his chest heaved as he choked back wails.

That left Mothra as the only one bearing witness to her son's most mortifying moment. Not that she wanted to, no parental instinct was required to tell just how much this hurt her son, She had seen him pee many times during his life, such was the fate of a mother, so she knew better than anyone how much he must have been bursting, ready to pop for what must have been an eternity. Instantly, however strange Leo had acted today, all now made sense within her mind.

That is, if Mothra had her mind on anything besides one base desire: her own brimming bladder. She had also fought Dagahra while on the verge of an accident, bearing with an ocean of her creation, and had even leaked no small quantity in the chaos. True, she had managed to stabilize her desperation towards the end, intending to find someplace better to pee once all was said and done, but that plan was long since gone as soon as she saw Leo peeing a storm. For a solid one or two seconds, Mothra didn't just leak, she full-out wet her kimono, creating a yellow stain deep enough to be visible from the outside, and not just a small splotch of it. Only the most ardent of muscle tightening prevented her liquid contents from spilling all over her legs, but the threat of just that hung mere hairs above her head.

From what she could see, there was only one way out of this predicament. Loosening the obi sash tied around her waist, she parted the center seam of her kimono and spread the flaps wide, letting the wind blow against her smooth, water-coated thighs and dribbling privates, chilling the layer of liquid like ice against her skin. Against everything she had felt today, though, this was nothing. It wasn't slowing her down in her mad dash to Leo's left, thrusting her hips forward, spreading her privates with two fingers as her other hand kept her clothes out of wet's way.

Urine soon starting gushing from Mothra, enough to make it crystal clear she was a desperate guardian. Granted, it was hard to be too impressed when her son, only just over half her height, was easily passing her in the distance maintained by his pee, though Mothra had the advantage on the size of her stream, thanks to female anatomy. Taken by itself, however, it was incredibly strong, and it was still clear there were two bursting kaiju here.

Though Leo might have wished there was only one, at most. He had missed the footsteps of his approaching mother over the cacophony of his own whiz, but so close to his ears, he couldn't possibly miss the hissing and splashing of a second, urgent pee right next to him. Even when his head jerked to the side and saw his mom with his own eyes, he didn't believe it. He didn't think it weird that she was standing while doing so, being too sheltered to know how women usually peed, but even if he did, it would be the least of his worries. His collected, elegant, responsible mother, peeing in the open right next to her son, it didn't add up. The only thing saving him from mentally breaking was the placement of Mothra's hands, sparing him the sight of his mother's genitals.

Mothra didn't have much of a defense, either. When she turned to look at her son, careful to maintain eye contact and never look down, all she could do was awkwardly smile and halfheartedly giggle, "I...I really needed to go, too."

Mom, what are you doing?! This...this is wrong! I'm doing something awful, you shouldn't be polluting the ocean with me! Oh, what kind of guardians are we? Leo had so many objections racing around in his head, but he was too shocked to use any of them. While his mouth had previously been open due to frequent, deep panting, it stayed open now with his jaw agape, and with a blush burning as fiery as his boiling urine, he quickly looked down at his own parts instead.

By this point, Leo wanted nothing more than to just stop, hold the rest in until he got home, but he knew that was an impossibility without even trying. He had been relieving himself for over half a minute, but there was no relief to be found. For as much as the river raged, it seemed there was a great ocean awaiting its turn. His bladder must have shrunk some by now, the lump on his stomach did appear to have decreased some, but it still felt painfully full. Or maybe it just hurt because he had nearly brought it to rupture, and it would hurt like this forever. I deserve it for being stupid, waiting so long that I have to...do it like this. Somberly, all he did was let his vision blur as he hung his head in abject shame, not making a peep besides his pee. And I even made mom do it with me. She just doesn't want me to do this alone, like it'll make me feel better.

Aside from the din of two raging hoses, that made Mothra's occasional moans the only non-ambient sound to be heard, who was, to put it lightly, in better spirits than her son. Her stream wasn't as focused or as accurate, many drops falling off the primary torrent on its way to the ocean's surface, more foam than blue on this side of the temple, but since aim didn't matter when the largest body of water was her target, she let her body's reprieve bring her relaxation. True, her urethra burned with the intense heat of the urine rushing through the tiny pipes, and her bladder was still quite distended, the flushing of so much golden rain was beginning to resonate with a pleasing harmony. "Phhhhheeeeeeewwwwww..."

This specific brand of chaos notwithstanding, things were calm for the following minute, nothing to see besides two peeing divine moths. But, once those extra sixty seconds had passed, even that began to change, and Mothra's gushing flow began to lose steam. The splatter became more prevalent as the power required to keep the tinkle strong dissipated, and the yellow cloud in the water began tracing a path back to her and the temple when she couldn't keep up the distance, and it began landing closer and closer, in a steady line.

Finally, what was previously such a violent pee coming from a powerful kaiju was nothing more than a gentle tinkle, falling in disconnected drops at her feet. Soon enough, it was difficult to tell when she still had urine voiding her bladder, or whether the drips were just strays, glued to her skin and nearby folds, but even that well ran dry before long. "Hah...oh, what a relief." With one last sigh, Mothra thrust her hips forward several times, shaking them from side to side, freeing whatever still stubbornly stuck to her.

Soon, it became clear that, no matter her convulsions, she would never be comfortably dry like this. "I suppose now's a good a time as any to bathe, once we return." Since she had no way to clean herself off any further, she made haste in making herself decent, dropping her kimono back into place, and tying her belt tight once more. It wasn't comfortable, feeling the cooling pee stain on the inner layer of her attire, gently brushing against her groin and rear end, but she'd live. "I'll certainly need to wash my clothes, as well."

Around this time, Leo's seemingly bottomless bladder had reached its limit, and his river began landing closer. Yet, even as he grew weary, his pee stayed remarkably stable in its flight, until his flaccid member was pointing the spray onto the sloped stone wall right in front of his toes, close enough that it splashed back onto his feet. Tensing and holding his eyes shut, the moth boy squeezed out one final surge of power, reigniting his stream with range, until there was nothing but small golden sprinkles falling from his tip.

With no care or hesitation, Leo shoved his penis back into his pants as soon as he was finished, but that didn't mean he wasn't concerned about the wetness. On the contrary, he had leaked so much during the fight, half of his black shorts were soaked in now-cold urine. How did I still almost die of holding pee after losing that much in my pants? His little shaft stuck to the damp clothing, as did everything else in the area. Just what I deserve.

He found the strength to look up again, bringing to his attention the final state of the section of ocean he had relieved himself in. A massive cloud, a dirty yellow, shone beneath the waves, glistening in the sunlight, where it had totally overtaken the blue everywhere it touched, a region growing larger and larger by the second. The inner half of that fog was masked by an off-white foam above, bobbing with the tide as it slowly, very slowly popped and shrunk. The pit in Leo's stomach grew three times heavier looking over the destruction.

"Hey, Leo?" And he couldn't escape his comeuppance for even a second, not with his responsible mother right next to him, as she had just reminded by speaking up. I'm gonna be in so much trouble...but I won't run away from it. Turning, he looked up at his mother, braced for her stern, disappointed gaze. But that wasn't what he saw. "You're not hurt, are you? Do you feel better now, little man?" Mothra spoke with the same gentle eyes she always had for her son, with that warm smile she was so perfect at making.

I don't deserve this... I don't deserve her kindness... Leo's chest tightened, his bottom lip quivered, and all the misery he had choked back came up his throat in one unstoppable surge. "I'm soooooooorrrrrrrryyyyyyyyy!" Tears pouring down his cheeks, he buried his face in his mother's stomach, shaking his head and spreading the moisture around. "I'm so, so sorry, I really am! I didn't mean to!"

"S-sorry? Sorry about what? I mean, sure, you got a little out of control, but that's no-"

"I'm sorry for peeing in the ocean and polluting it! I know it was wrong, really bad, unforgivable, but it was the only thing I could think of, I really couldn't hold it any longer! I won't do it again, I promise! You can punish me if you want, you should, I deser-"

Leo's confession was cut off when his face was pulled tightly into his mother's belly, as her arms firmly embraced him and her wings covered them like a blanket. "Shhh, sshhsshhsshhhhhhhhh. It's okay, it's okay." Mothra took a hand off Leo's back and used it to tenderly stroke his hair. "Tell mommy everything."

"W-well...I-I thought I had to pee when we left, but I didn't want to say anything because I thought it'd make me look stupid, and I thought I could hold it, but then I had to go really bad when we got here, and I just couldn't wait any longer when the fight was over, s-so I-"

"So you were holding it the entire fight? Were you in pain because of it?"

"Y-yeah, it was hard to concentrate on Dagahra. But that doesn't excuse what I did! I should have tried really hard to wait, or done something earlier, or, or..."

Mothra's gentle petting continued, in a soothing rhythm. "Do you really think what you did was that bad?"

"Huh? O-of course it was bad! All the ocean life gets hurt when their home gets polluted, and we're their guardians, we can't go back on protecting them!"

"So, do you think I'm bad for what I just did?"

This time, Leo didn't respond, at least not right away. It was easy enough to feel guilty over his own actions, but as soon as he was asked to assign guilt to someone else, his mother no less, he couldn't justify it. "W-well...you only did it because I did, right? Like, you just wanted to make me feel better."

"Well...I would have done that for you, certainly, but it wasn't my motivation this time. I promise you, I wasn't kidding with what I said while we were...relieving ourselves. I won't show you, of course, but even with my little dip in the water towards the end of the battle, there's still quite the yellow stain in my clothes. You weren't the only one caught a little short."

Leo pushed himself away from his mother. Maybe because he just realized his head was dangerously close to where her pee stain might be, but more to look at her, incredulously. "B-but...wouldn't that make you bad? Why would you let that happen?! You should know better!"

Mothra knelt down so that she could look Leo straight in the eyes, at equal height. "Leo, you're not wrong in your belief as to the moral code of a guardian, and I want you to know that I'm very proud of you for recognizing that. But, even if that's the role we serve, that doesn't mean we have to follow it to the letter every single time."

Leo's confusion did not diminish. "What do you mean?"

"Both of us made a mistake when we came out here while needing to go, and we should strive to not repeat that. But the fact of the matter is that we were holding a lot with no good place to do anything with it, and that's bad too. Holding it in for too long can really hurt you, and I care about your safety more than anything else. If you had asked me what you should do before you starting peeing, I would have told you to go in the ocean too. We were both so desperate, it's okay to make an exception to the rules. So long as we both learn from it and take steps to not let it happen again. I'm just as guilty as you are, I really should have taken a quick break when I came back to Infant Island."

"So...what do we do?"

"We made a mistake, and that's okay. Let's both promise that we should both try to answer nature's call before we go on a long flight, and if we suddenly have to go in the middle of one, don't let shame get in the way of letting the other know, so we can make a little detour or something. Okay?" Leo looked down at the ground and shuffled his feet, staying silent, so Mothra reached out and rustled his hair. "You did too good a job today to put yourself down over this."

This time, Leo looked back up, the spark of excitement in the backs of his eyes. "You...you really think I did a good job."

"You didn't give up, even against an opponent far stronger than you, and you refused to leave me behind, even when I asked. And you managed to finally tap into that power I knew you had! I know I said it already, but I am very, very proud of you, Leo."

"E-even with what I did after I transformed?"

"Well...I know you were under a lot of stress, so we'll just take it as a sign to work on your temper a bit. It's okay to get fired up, but don't be cruel, okay?"

It felt like it had been an eternity, but finally, Leo smiled again. "Yeah! I promise, I'll do my best! Thanks, mom!" He rushed back in and hugged his mother again, who was more than eager to reciprocate in kind. That is, until he looked out at the horizon, and his enthusiasm faded. "Um, but...when I was asking about what we should do, I was talking about...that." He pointed out towards the sea, even though Mothra knew what he was referring to before she looked out. Their pooled urine clouds, permeating a large section that grew larger the more they looked, and the bubbly foam on top that stayed more still, and very visible. Though it wasn't bad that they succumbed to their bodily needs, they did cause quite the mess, one just adding to the solid pieces floating amongst the yellow, the aftermath of their battle. It wasn't a pretty sight.

But Mothra found something to smile about nevertheless. "Oh, I think it has a way of working itself out. We divine moths do have a few little qualities, you know."

"Huh?" Squinting his eyes, Leo scanned their liquid litter, seeing it in more detail than he ever wanted to. And the floating Barem chunks made it even more gross, he almost completely averted his eyes. Until something caught his attention, a shine amidst the muck. Ordinarily, that wouldn't even be worth thinking about, just the reflection of the sun's rays, but there was something about it that he couldn't shake. Something about the sparkle that seemed...ethereal, only concentrated around the starfish pieces.

And that's when he saw it: the glitter encroach in on the Barem, cover them with their radiance, and when they dissipated, the hunk of unnatural aquatic life was gone, completely vanished. And this was happening everywhere their pee was touching. "It's...it's cleaning itself?" A divine moth's Pulsaphonic Shower at work, restoring life and order where it once was lacking.

"We embody the life of this planet, it's only natural that our bodies can give back. Though, I must admit, I never would have thought it would work in this instance, and so well. Perhaps it's more of your abilities at work than mine."

"So...it's all okay?"

"The cloud will disperse, cleansing the ocean of the Barem along its path, until the yellow is gone and the water is blue once more. Any of the remaining Barem will become food for the animals in the area, and life will go on, as it does." Mothra looked at Leo, giving him the same gentle loving smile he enjoyed every day as her precious, good little boy. "Come on, let's go home. You've earned some rest."

"Okay. But I really really really want to get back to learning how to use my power tomorrow!"

Mothra giggled. "Of course, of course. It won't be long before you overtake my skill, however."

As upbeat as ever, the two spread their wings and took off, flying into the horizon, towards home. Leo didn't look down, only forward. It might have turned out alright, but I'd still rather not be reminded what just happened. It was still pretty embarrassing. He was happy when they had gotten far enough out that only the deep blue sea sat below.

Only once they had flown far enough out that the Nilai-Kanai Temple, and their massive pees, were nothing more than a memory, did Mothra come to a realization. "Hey, Leo...I know I said it was all okay, but...let's keep it our little secret, alright? Your Uncle Battra wouldn't be nearly as forgiving as I am if he found out."

*003*2021-05-21 01:57

{{6 hours ago, FarfLord said:

Great, now I have a weirdly specific desire for Mothra omorashi

10/10

}}

There's a reason Mothra peeing has found its way into every kaiju story I've done so far: moth girl omo, Mothra especially, is incredibly rare. In fact, I think the only moth girl omo is Mothra. More of it deserves to exist.

Whatever, I've converted one person, my years of work are validated.
