The Wet Bachelor Contestant

Author: CptTickle

*000*2020-04-21 00:00

I wrote one other story before, but I'm relatively new to writing. Let me know if there is something I can improve. Should I write a second chapter? any ideas for a second chapter?

Lisa was ecstatic, not only was she a contestant on the favorite show, The Bachelor, but she believed she had what it takes to win it all. Her strategy to win Andy’s heart was for him to fall in love with her sweet and funny personality. To do that, she had to spend time with him, and to spend time with him, she had to catch his eye first. Lisa planned to look her best for the show. She was 5’8 with big brown eyes, slightly curly brown hair that fell just above her shoulders. She was thin, but still shapely with a rounded toned butt , flat abs and medium sized breasts. The wardrobe she brought with her on the show was designed to show off her abs and butt. Her dresses were all curve hugging, a ton of crop tops, tight jeans, yoga pants and booty shorts.

She was stuck with the wardrobe she had. The way the show worked was that all the girls lived in the same mansion, to avoid learning about the show from the outside world, the producers took their phones and didn’t permit them to leave until they were kicked off the show.

Alright girls! It’s time to get on the bus!

The shout came from Erin, one of the producers on the show. She was dressed professionally in a black blazer, t-shirt and jeans. She was pretty in her own right, mid 30’s with long brown straight her, slightly on the heavier side, but definitely not overweight with piercing green eyes.

Erin : Okay, everyone I have a letter here from Andy. “I need a girl that knows how to have fun! So let’s explore the state fair!” So, Andy is inviting the next three girls to join him on a group date to the carnival.

Amber

Lisa instantly shot Amber a dirty look, if anyone was her rival in the house it was definitely her. She was beautiful with blue eyes, pale skin, long blonde hair flowing past her shoulders and legs for days. The problem, she was condescending, arrogant, two-faced, and downright means to anyone in her way, and Lisa was concerned Andy was falling for her B.S.

Erin : Megan

Lisa beamed when she heard her name. Megan was her best friend in the house, and if anyone else were to win it, Lisa hoped it would be Megan. She was on the thinner side but still toned and gorgeous. She had adorable freckles and long wavy red that would make any guy do a double take.

Erin : and finally, Lisa

Yes! Lisa pumped her fist in the air. She only had one conversation with Andy before this. He was sweet and they talked about their history, how Lisa worked as a high-end real estate agent and was still really close with her family, and Andy’s job running his own advertising company in L.A. and how he was never able to find the right girl. This was her chance to get closer and more intimate with him, she just had to find the right outfit to catch her eye.

It was a carnival, so no cocktail dress obviously, but she still had to look sexy. She settled for a white top that showed a hint of cleavage of her C-cup breasts, and only went down to her belly button exposing her abs. She also put on a light pink thong, so she didn’t show any panty lines for her high-waisted, light blue skin-tight jeans that curved her rounded ass.

Lisa : Oh my god, Megan I’m so excited! I can’t believe we got choosen, I was getting worried I wasn’t going to get any time with Andy before the rose ceremony.

Megan : I know, I was so excited when your name was called… but just so you know, I’m coming away with the first impression rose tonight.

Lisa : oh yeah, we’ll see about that!

Both girls laughed and got on the van with Megan and the camera crew.

Erin : alright girls, so it’s about an hour drive. When we get there Andy will spend some time with you as a group, and then ask you to each split off for a mini side date. Don’t worry, we promise you’ll all get enough camera time today.

Lisa felt a twinge in her bladder

Lisa : umm excuse me, before we get going, can I just use the bathroom quick.

Erin : I’m sorry, we’re already running a little behind schedule, you’ll just have to wait until we get there.

Lisa has always been shy, and didn’t want to press the issue and just decided to sit next to her friend Megan and pee when they got there.

Unknown to Lisa, one of the reasons the producers choose her for the show, was not just because of her gorgeous looks, but because during her audition she admitted that she suffers from an overactive bladder, and they planned to exploit her embarrassment for some grade A television.

Megan : you’re awfully quiet Lisa, nervous for the group date.

Lisa : oh sorry, I’m actually feeling pretty confident…. To tell the truth I just kind of need to pee.

Lisa then crossed her long leg over the other tight and shuffled her tight little butt in her seat and gave a cute little giggle.

Amber overheard the two girls talking and turned to look at them

Amber : Just so you know, I heard Andy likes girls with a bladder of steel

Lisa : No one was talking to you Amber

Amber : lighten up, I was just kidding around, you are soo sensitive sometimes

Lisa just did her best to ignore her, placed her hands in her lap and started bobbing her leg up and down… hoping they get there soon.

Lisa beamed when she saw Andy waiting for the girls at the entrance of the state fair. She jumped up from her seat, and immediately remembered her bladder when she did. It was at the point where it was hard for her not to constantly fidget and wiggle around. Amber ran up to Andy first and gave him a hug and kiss on the cheek. Lisa noticed Andy rested his hand on the top of Amber’s butt when they hugged and she instantly got jealous. She’ll get to that point with him though, she just needs more time.

Before they started filming the group date Lisa whispered to the producer Erin’s ear

Lisa: Hey I could reaaaally use a bathroom before we get started.

Crossing one leg in front of the other as she said it.

Erin wanted to try to exploit the situation as much as possible

Erin : We actually want to start filming before the sun starts to set, that way we can show it was a full day spent here, don’t worry though, we’ll make sure you can use the restroom soon.

Lisa tucked her hair behind her ear

Lisa : umm, yeah, that’s fine I guess as long as it’s soon.

Lisa then ran up to join the rest of the group, making sure to make short quick strides when she did as her bladder started weighing heavy… it was getting harder for her to conceal just how bad she needed to pee.

Andy ; So as you all know, I was a baseball player in high school, so I need a girl who can keep up with me athletically, so I wanted to test all of your skills at the bottle toss game.

Amber : I may not be all that sporty, but if you could give me a few pointers that would be great

Megan went up to him in her short denim skirt and black tank top, making sure to press her firm body against Andy’s whenever she had the chance.

Andy : Yeah, so stand with your feet this far apart, and bring your elbow back like this, alright, now let it fly.

Amber threw a lopsided weak ball that missed all the bottles.

Lisa rolled her eyes at the ridiculous display, but Andy was clearly into this fake chick, and knew she started to play catch up. She sauntered over to him, game him a flirty smile, and without realizing it tightly crossed her legs, trying to keep the growing pressure in her bladder at bay.

Andy : Yeah, first of all uncross your legs

Lisa was a little embarrassed, now realizing that she had to do a better job of not doing a childish potty dance in front of Andy and the cameras

Lisa : of yeah, obviously… haha, so how should I stand.

Andy : Well spread your feet a little

And as Lisa spread her legs she had to active squeeze her bladder, and wiggle her butt back and forth a little, making sure she didn’t end up leaking in her tight jeans on national television.

Andy : okay and bring your arm back, perfect… let it fly.

Lisa threw a perfect strike, knocking all 10 bottles to the floor.

Lisa : I played softball in high school

Andy : yeah, that was awesome… you clearly didn’t need my help haa

Lisa : yeah, but I don’t mind cozzying up…. Do you want my giant teddy bear haha

Andy : haha no, you earned it, that’s alllll yours.

Lisa : such a gentleman

Just as she was starting to vibe with Andy Megan comes up to the two of them

Amber : hey sorry, can I still a little time with Andy… I was wondering if you wanted to go grab a drink

Andy : yeah, absolutely… Lisa I’ll come find you later

Lisa : yeah of, course, we’ll have time to catch up

She said it cheerfully, but on the inside was pissed that was all the time she had with him, and that Amber got the first break-off session.

Lisa thought was a great time to finally run to the bathroom though, and walked up to the producer Erin again

Lisa : hey I reeeeeallly, could use that bathroom break now

She said with a forced smile

Erin : yeah, just one more second, we have to get this one group shot first then one of the assistants will escort you.

Lisa started dancing in place again, snapping her fingers and started marching in place.

Megan : ummm, doing okay there Lis?

Lisa blushed and whispered to Megan

Lisa : oh sorry, I actually REALLY need to use a bathroom

Megan laughed out loud and tucked her red hair behind her ear

Megan : yeah, I didn’t want to say anything, but you were definitely looking a little squirmy

Lisa : oh god, do you think it was obvious that I need to go

Megan : I wouldn’t worry about it… but maybe stop dancing in place?

Lisa just realized that she was wiggling her tight little butt back and forth the entire time, and did her best to stand stay.

Erin : hey Lisa, you can go to the bathroom now if you need to.

Lisa breathed a sigh of relief and almost spring to catch up with the assistant escorting her to the bathroom. When she did, she felt the smallest half-second spurt escape her, and her face instantly dropped and she changed her gait to small quick steps.

Okay, this is not good she thought to herself, I need to get there ASAP

The assistant, a chubby man in his mid-30’s led her to the public bathroom, which had a line wrapped around the corner.

Lisa : umm, I hate to ask this, but I don’t want to hold production up, is there anyway you could ask to get me to the front of the line or something

Assistant : sorry, that’s not really my call, just meet us back where we were when we were done.

Lisa had no choice but to take her place in the back of the line. At least she was now out of sight from the cameras and Andy, so she was free to bury hands in her crotch as she waited… there was the public around her sure… but at this point she just didn’t care. She forgot she was still wearing a mic… and Little did she know, there was a camera secretly filming her standing in line.

Erin turned the assistant : this is going to be great, we’ll definitely use this bathroom thing as a sub-plot for the episode, let’s make sure she doesn’t get to go for a while still.

10 minutes go by, and Lisa is REALLY starting to feel it now, her bladder is constantly weighing on her, one knee is raised and her leg is tightly wrapped around the other one. Thankfully she didn’t leak any more but it was starting to become a legitimate concern.

The crew continued to film Lisa, and just as she is at the front of the line Erin walks up to her.

Erin : hey, sorry to do this, but you’re going to be next up for some alone time with Andy, and we don’t want to fall behind schedule so we need you right now

Lisa : ummm… can it wait just a minute… I really need to go, like it’s an emergency, she said with a fake chuckle

Erin pretended not to realize how bad the situation was and put her hand on Lisa back to lead her away

Erin : sorry, but we’ve been a little behind schedule all day, we promise you’ll get a break soon, but we need to get this filmed right now, or you would miss out on your time with Andy, we wouldn’t want that right.

Lisa just gave a fake smile and tried to compose herself, and make the most of her time with Andy.

Andy : there you are! So I had an idea, how are you with heights? Because I managed to get the ferris wheel to ourselves, maybe we could take in a view of the night.

Just then, Lisa felt a small spurt of pee escape her and her brown eyes went wide and she froze in place.

Andy : I’m sorry, are you noy okay with heights?

Lisa : oh no, what.. sorry no I’m a big girl and don’t scare away easy, what do you have in mind?

Andy put his hand on the small of her back and they walk off together. Lisa was scared to look, but did a quick glance down at her crotch… all dry… but she really needs to get to a bathroom soon.

Andy : Ladies first….

Andy made a gesture for her to climb into the ferris wheel

Lisa took a deep breath in… knowing that even climbing the small step up to the carriage would be a strain on her bladder…. But thankfully she was able to shuffle in, sit down, and cross her legs at tight as humanly possible. But she had to focus on her relationship right now if she wanted to make it further on this show… and tried her best to push her bladder out of her mind.

Lisa : It’s a beautiful night tonight

Andy : not as beautiful as you

Lisa decided to taunt him playfully

Lisa : oh wow… I think I’m starting to see why you’re single… cheesy lines like that

Andy : Haha, I guess you’re right… but I promise I get better the better you get to know me

Lisa shifted over in her seat closer to Andy, with her legs still firmly crossed and rested her head on his shoulder

Lisa : I think you’re doing alright for yourself already

Andy then noticed Lisa was shifting back and forth in her seat and tapping her foot violently

Andy : I know I joked before, but are you okay with heights… because I don’t want to make you uncomfortable

Lisa : Oh no… really I’m fine… I think I’m just nervous

Andy : well… what can we do about that

Andy then moved his to her knee, feeling the fabric of her skin tight light blue jeans as he moved it up her thigh

Lisa : well, I know one thing that always helps settle me nerves

Lisa then leaned in close and softly kissed Andy on the lips… completely forgetting about her aching bladder for a moment. As Andy kissed her passionately, he moved his hand towards her toned, round ass and gently squeezed it. Just then, Lisa felt a spurt of warmth spread out of her and travel down her thighs and towards her butt. She shot up in her seat like a rocket and instantly broke off the kiss.

Andy : Oh, I’m sorry… I didn’t know… I thought you wanted me to

Lisa : no, no, no…. it’s not that….

She sheepishly looked down… and to her horror, saw a small stain the size of orange on the crotch of her jeans.

Andy put his hand on her knee

Andy : What is it… is there something I did wrong?

Lisa flung both her hands to her crotch, desperately trying to cover the stain

Lisa : no, I just suddenly got a bad cramp… I’ll be okay…

Andy : Oh… okay, let’s get you down then checked out to make sure everything is okay

Lisa : yeah…. Umm that’s probably for the best.

Andy shouted down to the operator to get down, and Lisa sat there silently, hands buried in her crotch, hanging on for dear life that the situation won’t get worse. She thought to herself that the stain is small, if she can hold the rest in, maybe no one will ever notice.

Andy : hey, get out first, I’m right behind you

Lisa took In a deep breath, put both hands on the seat and got up as slow as possible. When she walked past Andy he snuck a peak at her firm butt… and let out and audible “woah”

Lisa’s hands shot down to her butt…. And she bit her lip and closed her eyes when she felt a huge wet stain covering her ass.

She walked out past the operator of the ferris wheel… still thinking she can play it off as she sat in something… he’d buy that right?

Operator : is everything okay you guys

Andy : yeah, she’s just not feeling well.

Lisa made a bee line for the bathroom…. Holding the side of her butt with each hand, and taking quick paces as to not leak anymore…. A few step in though she stopped in her tracks…. As she felt a stream of warm pee cascade down her legs.

Andy : hey…. What’ wrong are you….. oh

Andy looked down and was speechless as he watched the beautiful brunette completely wet her jeans. Lisa could do nothing but stand there in shock… hands still on her thighs as the pee made a massive stain down the front of both of her thighs past her knees. Her butt was drenched, with pee streaming all the way up to the top of her butt, down to the cuff of her jeans. Tears staring to form in her eyes as she was rendered speechless.

Erin : oh my god…. Did she seriously just piss her pants… this is going to make phenomenol television.

Lisa just now realizing where she was…. Standing in the middle of a crowded fair with people watching her, the cameras were rolling as the pee stain obvious on her jeans…. And then the other girls saw it. She heard Amber star cackling loudly…

Amber : I’m sorry…. Looks like someone had a little accident.

Andy : don’t…. it’s okay, these things happen… it’s not a big deal.

Lisa couldn’t take it anymore, she started crying and stormed towards the exit… not wanting to talk to anyone else.

Erin : Hey Andy, we’re going to need to get your confessional on what just happened… while it’s still fresh

Andy : yeah, I mean she had an accident (trying to suppress a chuckle) I mean, when you gotta go, you gotta go.

Erin : what does that do to your attraction to Lisa

Andy : I mean, I just feel bad for her… the girl just pissed her pants… it’s definitely a little gross… but she’s still a beautiful girl, I mean if it’s a one time thing I guess I would be pretty shallow to say that’s a deal breaker.

Lisa couldn’t stand to talk to anymore producers… any more contestants, Andy, she just wanted to go home. One of the crew members of the show laid down some papers in her car and drove her back to the bachelor mansion, where she hoped to put this whole disaster date behind her.

