Pee Beach Splash (Senran Kagura)

Author: Captain L

*000*2019-01-28 01:35

The sounds emanating from the sole bathroom of this wing of the shinobi manor were extremely unpleasant, the four girls waiting outside it could attest to. These four, plus the fifth suffering the toilet emergency, were a team of freelance renegade shinobi called the Crimson Squad, on a special kind of job. The rainbow bridge that had pulled them to this island dropped them into a world unlike anything they had seen before, a world of water parks, water slides, bleacher stands, pirate ships, bright summer colors, a world called Peach Beach Splash, or PBS. The Crimson Squad, and three other ninja schools, were going to be competing in a water gun tournament to soak the other contestants to win a grand prize of any wish granted. It was pedestrian, it was gimmicky, it was perverted, but it was a fun change of pace from the normal bloody shinobi work, and thus, the tournament began.

The Crimson Squad had other reasons to be hyped for competing, however. There was a certain freedom to being freelance, but calls were slow. The members had taken to working part-time jobs just to have money for food (that wasn't their own grown bean sprouts), even with expenses low from living in a cave. With the PBS tournament being livestreamed on NewTube, the premiere video sharing site for shinobi, it was a perfect opportunity to showcase their skills to a large audience and get their names out there to earn some jobs.

There was just one obstacle in the path of that goal, unfortunately, and that's how they weren't popular on the internet. Very few views on the uploads of their preliminary matches, and the comments were either poorly-constructed single sentences without any value, or timestamps to the numerous instances of swimsuits getting blown off by high-pressure water, much to the chagrin of the subjects. The high-paying job offers for the Crimson Squad had yet to pour in.

Desperate to make the most of their time in the spotlight, the Crimson Squad had hatched plans to showcase their talents. First came the leader, Homura, with her impersonation comedy routine, to which they could practically hear the crickets chirping in the ensuing silence. Next was Yomi, demonstrating her bottomless stomach by eating a large amount of unflavored shaved ice, made from the abundant pool water. Pool water contaminated with chlorine. That was the reason Yomi was currently stuck on the toilet, ejecting her stomach contents from one end or the other, leaving her comrades watching the bathroom door, worried for their friend's health.

The four looked between each other uncomfortably for a solid minute, before Haruka bit the bullet and stepped forward, knocking on the door. "Yomi? Are you going to be alright in there?"

"I-I'll be fine, Haruka," Yomi panted from inside. "This was all my fault, for overestimating my stomach."

"No, this was my fault," Homura chastised. "This was all because I was too focused on getting us views instead of stopping you from doing something dangerous! I suck as a leader sometimes!"

"D-don't worry aboHNG!" Everyone outside the bathroom covered their noses for the smell that could follow an exertion like that. "You're only doing what's necessary, for the good of all of us. Don't let my failure slow you down! Go on without me!"

Mirai rubbed tears out of her eyes with her inner elbow, sniffling away tears. "We'll avenge you, Yomi! We'll never forget you!"

"She's not dead, Mirai," Hikage sighed.

"Yeah, but she's probably wishing she was right about now." Haruka rubbed her own stomach in sympathy. "I think we're going to need to start planning how we're gonna win the next round without her."

As if on cue, the loudspeakers installed in the manor screeched to life, and out came the crackling voice of P-1 Grand Prix host, Mr. K. "Attention, Crimson Squad members! The next round of the tournament will be starting soon! Get those pretty little butts out here, and get to squirting!" He neglected to turn off the microphone, allowing all within earshot of the speakers to hear him get punched, likely by cohost Miss R.

The four standing shinobi looked between each other uncomfortably. Unless Yomi recovered in the span of the next three seconds, their next match would be five versus four, to their disadvantage. It wasn't worth holding out hope for that miracle, leaving Homura to rally the troops. "Alright everyone, we're all going to need to give 120% out there to make up for Yomi's absence, so let's show our next opponents what the Crimson Squad can do!"

"Yeah!" Homura led her team out the exit to the manor, out towards the water park that would serve as their battleground.

However, once everyone was in the rhythm of marching out, Homura slowed down, let everyone pass her, and turned to look back. "You just had to take up the bathroom now, Yomi..." Homura pressed her thighs together and rubbed them gingerly. Staying properly hydrated (with bottled water, not pool water) and watching water shooting all over the place turned out to be an unfortunate combination, as both meant the shinobi needed to pee. And, without rummaging through the wings of the manor reserved for the other schools, her only toilet was taken.

Homura shook her head and slapped herself on the cheek. "Yomi is in there, suffering. She deserves the toilet a lot more than you do right now. You can handle just one fight with a full bladder." Motivating as her words might be, she still groaned at the thought of the struggle that was soon to follow. There may have been many inconveniences to living in the cave the Crimson Squad called their hideout, where indoor plumbing was little more than a pipe dream, but at least there wasn't a one person limit to pissing in the bushes outside.

"Homura. Get moving." Lost in thought, Homura didn't notice that Hikage was also hanging behind, "calling" for her, making her look like an idiot. A crimson blush spreading across her cheeks, Homura picked up the pace and ran to rejoin her team. It was just one fight she had to survive, watching water shoot in concentrated streams in all directions. Why wouldn't she be able to do that?

###

"Why call us in if they're going to keep us waiting," Mirai complained, sharing everyone's sentiments. They had been standing around Splash Stadium, what would be their arena, with nothing to do for close to ten minutes now, just watch the flowing water, something Homura really didn't want to do. She was so confident so little time ago, and yet, her bladder's pain had surged forward rapidly. Every single water spout was a grim reminder of what she herself needed to do, and would do if she let her bladder run unchecked.

Subtly, Homura pushed her legs closed, hoping it would be enough to stave off the desire to make her swimsuit wet far earlier than everyone else. Doubt began to seep into her mind, if she was already resorting to some form of physical impediment to keep her urine in check, how long could she realistically last in a firefight, where she'd be expected to run, jump, and dash like a proper, full-fledged shinobi ready for a job? Suffice to say, her odds were not looking pleasant.

Like a child in school, Homura was ready to put her hand up and ask to be excused to use the restroom. The only thing that stopped her was the long-awaited approach of their opponents, climbing the stairs, entering view, a big moment when the Crimson Squad had yet to be enlightened as to who their next opponents would be. Tensions were high and breaths were bated as eyes locked, and who else would it be, but the elite students of Hanzō Academy: Katsuragi, Ikaruga, Yagyū, Hibari, and their leader, Asuka.

As soon as their gazes met, Homura's hesitation dissipated. Asuka was Homura's fierce rival, whenever and wherever the two met, swords were sure to clash. Or water guns, in this specific case. The mere thought of another confrontation between the two fated shinobi fired Homura up like a raging inferno, and all she could think of was the incoming battle. Her bladder couldn't even compare. A grin quickly spread across her face, her teeth flashed, and her head cocked. "So early? It's a damn shame that we aren't facing each other in the finals, I wanted our last victory to be against you! Nothing would be sweeter than earning our 100-year supply of meat by besting you!"

Asuka soon responded in kind, with the same cocky expression. "You think you'll be the ones to win here today? You're discounting us pretty fast!"

"Oh, I don't think we'll win, I know we'll win," Homura boasted, slinging her water rocket launcher over her shoulder. Despite the setting, one where both were in nothing more than bikinis, their spirits ran as high as they would any other encounter.

Eager to milk that enthusiasm for the viewers, Mr. K gripped his microphone and held it up to his mouth, adding an anime pose for flair. "Don't trade words, contestants, trade water! Get to your starting points on the opposite sides of the arena, the match will begin in five minutes!"

Asuka waved a two-finger salute as her school turned and walked away to their half. Now, without a spark to fan her flames, Homura quickly reverted back to concern. She could trust that Asuka would not go easy on her, that their duel would be fierce. With that in mind, could she possibly manage the conflict without...the inevitable? Being frank, it wasn't looking good, but not quite impossible. If she could just...

"Hey, Earth to Homura!" Haruka placed a hand on Homura's shoulder, who was distracted and not expecting the contact, to the shame of her ninja training. Homura jumped at the touch with a cute yelp and, known only to her, a small leak in her swimsuit. Cue a second yelp, causing Haruka to pull her hand off, like she touched a hot flame. "Yikes! Sorry for that."

"N-no, it's nothing. I'm coming!" Running as quickly as she could safely manage, the Crimson Squad's leader rejoined her comrades, but behind her determined facade was deep concern. Even as she was surrounded by her closest friends, Homura's fear reached new heights. Why did she need to wait this long to use the bathroom? She could have gone before Yomi's stomach turned on her, but no, she could handle it a little longer.

As the quintet took their positions at their starting circle, Homura tried to think about her situation in a different light, if only for her own sanity's sake. PBS may have been a degrading show for the perverted cameras, and filled with suggestive flowing water, the far more pressing matter, but its matches were short, a few minutes at most. It certainly didn't sound like long, how could she possibly not be able to handle that? It was easy! A child could do that!

"Alright girls, weapons at the ready," Mr. K announced over the arena loudspeakers, warping his voice so much that each enunciation was almost lost completely. Still, it wasn't their first time around this rodeo, so they didn't need the explanation. The girls readied their weapons, often with spinning or other extra flair, glamour that Homura could not afford to distract herself with. Still, she began with a series of small jumps and delicate footwork, not as a potty dance, but as a means to ready herself for the quick movement that would soon follow.

"3, 2, 1, Splash!" A horn blared, and that was all the signal needed for the battle to begin. Ten girls, two teams, charged towards one another, activating the water boosters around their waists to increase speed and rocket into the air, eager to get this fight started. Or rather, in Homura's case at least, eager to get this fight over with.

"Just a few minutes longer," Homura assured herself under her breath, gently placing her left hand over her crotch for support, simultaneously giving her right arm some exercise with holding a heavy rocket launcher all on its own. "Just need to last a few minutes, and then I can find another bathroom or something..."

###

Homura's hope was not an unfounded one, based on empirical evidence, but that didn't mean the belief was guaranteed to play out as it had in her head. She could have said that both the Crimson Squad and Hanzō Academy were tenacious, but she hadn't quite put the dots together, that putting two hard-headed teams would result in a longer-than-usual skirmish. Ten minutes had elapsed since the battle had begun, and while there had certainly been encounters and thorough soakings in that time, everyone was still fully dressed and in the game. Homura had yet to fall as well, and was knelt down behind a stage's metal bar foundation in the far corner of the stadium for cover.

Being the type of fighter who liked to get down and dirty into the action, Homura had already dealt with her fair share of showers, including a very dangerous shot to the back from Ikaruga's sniper rifle that very nearly undid the tying knot of her bikini top. However, the water covering her skin, streaking through her hair, and seeping into her swimsuit was not the water she was worried about. It was all the water currently sloshing around inside her, crashing into each wall of her bladder with every jolt and jump. The mere fact that her muscles were still holding strong was a miracle, but there was such a mass of urine always applying pressure, that her luck couldn't last forever.

While there was always the chance that the Crimson Squad could band together in one strong push to defeat Hanzō, Homura was done gambling on the future of her pants and her dignity. The only surefire way to not have an accident was to pee before one could sneak up on her, and do it right where she was. But that was just as dangerous, perhaps even more so, due to the large amount of eyes present to witness such an act.

If it were one of her Crimson Squad, it would hardly matter. The five were practically family, one that relieved themselves in the woods. They weren't so impolite to intrude or stare in a time of bodily need, but sometimes they all needed to go. They'd seen each other pee plenty of times, so if she was caught by one of them now, it'd take some explaining, but not super embarrassing.

Now, if it were one of the girls from Hanzō, that would be a lot worse. Not only could they easily take the opportunity to eliminate her with her pants down, but the idea that Homura just couldn't wait any longer, that she needed to relieve herself instead of participating in the latest battle between good and evil shinobi, and that her opponents would know all about it if they just stumbled into the right place, something like that was just deplorable.

And Asuka. Oh, Asuka was a whole other level of horrifying. Every previous concern was still present in the scenario where Asuka is the one who catches her peeing, but it being Asuka made it ten times worse. Asuka was not just the leader of Hanzō's shinobi, she was Homura's eternal rival. The two were destined to duel for the fate of the world, and even before that day arrived, they took the crossing of their blades very seriously. For Asuka to discover that her rival was, in truth, incapable of even containing her bladder on the battlefield, how could she possibly retain any dignity after that? Asuka would be robbed of a rival to hone her skills against, and Homura would need to live with the fact that someone she called a friend would lose all respect for her, all because she had to pee really bad.

All that was without considering the cameras, to boot. She did her business without considering the positions of the many cameras, every NewTube viewer would get quite the personal show.

Debating what the least inappropriate course of action could be, Homura didn't even notice the growing sound of stamping feet until it got really close, jumping over her in a slender silhouette, casting a shadow large enough to envelop her. Hastily, Homura held her rocket launcher at the ready, finger twitching on the trigger, though it was going to be a close-range shot, where she would be at a significant disadvantage.

Exiting from directly beneath the shining sun and landing in the sand before her, becoming a human rather than a mere shape, Homura quickly discovered that she had no reason to be scared. Turned out the intruder was her teammate, Mirai, hopping away with the momentum of the landing. Her swimsuit was pretty wet too, so Homura could only surmise that Mirai had just had a bad encounter and was escaping to recuperate. "Hey Mirai, good to have someone to watch my back," she welcomed, jumping to her feet.

Without having looked back yet, Mirai jumped in shock with a little squeal, pivoting with her spray gun drawn. Thankfully, her ninja training gave her the fast reaction time to not blindly fire at her leader. "Oh, it's just you, Homura!"

"Do you know where Hikage and Haruka ended up by now?"

"N-no, I haven't seen them..."

"Shit..." Homura began rapidly tapping her foot in the shallow water, kicking up a splash with each thrust. "We really need to win soon."

"Yeah, we do." Mirai kept her feet firmly in place, but started twisting her hips and wiggling her butt.

"Or else I could..."

"I really might..."

Despite the different paths the two were taking, they verbalized the same thought in unison. "I think I'm going to have an accident really soon!"

Neither one was expecting the other to relate to their struggle. A stunned silence followed as the two stared at each other, eyes wide with shrunken pupils. Slowly, they began making their desperation more and more obvious, moving a hand over their crotches, moving their legs closer together, shifting their weight around, bouncing, everything needed to ensure they let anyone watching now they needed to pee, all without breaking eye contact.

Homura was the first to regain some composure, shaking her head to break out of the funk and reverting back to her neutral position, against her body's wishes. "So, what was your plan? Do you think you can wait until the match is over?"

"N-no, I don't think I can! I...I'm going to wet myself!" Unlike her senior, Mirai went all-in on her potty dance, using her free hand to grab herself tight, shivering and stepping with enough force to splash Homura's ankles. "I was at least hoping I could do it privately over here..."

"Well, privacy is practically a fool's errand at this point, with those damn cameras everywhere."

"I...I forgot about the cameras! Oh man, no matter where I go, everyone's gonna be able to see! Ugh, I just want to curl up and die right now..."

It was hard for Homura to argue with that sentiment, considering she was feeling pretty dour about her chances as well. It just wasn't like her to give up all hope. "There can't possibly be a camera pointed everywhere in the arena..." It was a nice thing to believe, but the problem was, she didn't have an answer. With the emphasis on broadcasting the lewd action to the shinobi of the world, there had to be a camera ready to catch anything that might happen, including a quick toilet break.

Still, Homura believed it couldn't be impossible, she just needed to think and scan. Slowly and carefully, practically meditating in order to tune out the sounds of shooting water all around her. She saw the thin pillars holding up flags, high platforms with inflatable fruits and sea creatures hanging below, water, the stages held up by beams, bridges connecting them, water, a cage surrounding the field like walls, multi-colored bleachers on the dry half of the stadium, water, water, so much freaking water! Why did she have to see so much water?!

Something large fell into the water. "Eep!" That very well could have been Homura's reaction, but in actuality, Mirai was the one who yelped, and Homura had to see. And immediately wished she hadn't. It was a little difficult to see with both Mirai's hands covering her crotch, having dropped her spray gun, but her white one-piece swimsuit did hiding her shame no favors. One didn't need shinobi-trained eyes to clearly notice the yellow splotch around that private area. "Homura, I just l-leaked!"

Homura could relate. Just the visual confirmation that Mirai was at the end of her rope shortened Homura's time considerably. As soon as she registered Mirai's spurt, a surge of warmth all her own spread across her swimsuit, hidden much better by her black bikini, though still just as dire a harbinger. Instinctually, she dropped her weapon and shot both hands between her legs, fingers tensing over her privates as her palm sealed her peehole shut. "Shit, we gotta figure something out fast!"

"I know, but where?! There's nowhere to pee!"

There was no time to really scrutinize every possibility, to hunt for the cameras and calculate their fields of vision, not even to search her memory for what laid on the dry half of the arena. There was only one thing on Homura's mind now, and that was what was in her field of vision at this exact moment. There was a raised platform directly to their side, the gaps between the supporting pipes small enough that no one was expected to traverse beneath, with the platform blocking view from anywhere above, and the corner of the field meaning there was almost guaranteed to be no camera to witness. The platform was raised high enough that any person on ground level would absolutely have the capacity to see, but that was only if they came down and looked this way. It had to be easier to explain girl to girl, at least. "Mirai, through the bars! No one will see us under there!"

Mirai did not need to be told twice. While not very limber at the moment, every muscle tensed, she still lifted a leg high into the air to clear the beam and slide her upper body through. Homura could swear she saw a golden squirt shoot out when Mirai's legs were wide apart, and she didn't blame her one bit. With a little struggle, Mirai was on the other side, still shaking and holding. Needing to bend down further thanks to extra height, Homura slipped a foot through the fence, ready to join her comrade in sweet, succulent relief.

"Um, Homura? I need someone to stand guard for me, blast anyone who gets close enough to see."

"W-wait...Mirai, I really need to pee too, you know!"

"You can hold it just a little longer! I'm only gonna take a minute, I promise!"

"A minute's sounding a bit long right now! Seriously, if anyone finds us, it's just gonna be Haruka, or Hikage, or Asuka, or someone else from Hanzō!"

"And I don't want any of them to see me lose it out here in the open!"

"I think it's a little less embarrassing than me having a full accident!"

"I won't take long, just wait and hoAHHH!" Having an intelligent idea what made Mirai yelp, Homura couldn't find the strength to look down to see for herself. She didn't need to, her ears picked up the slack, picking up the piercing sound of splashing water down at their feet. After the first few seconds, Homura could no longer, in good faith, claim that all of it was coming from Mirai. And Mirai recognized just what this meant for her, and more importantly, how precious few seconds her bladder could hold out.

The choice was obvious. Already under her shelter, Mirai's knees gave out as she fell into the water, feet beneath her butt and legs splayed apart in front of her, shuddering as the cold liquid made contact with her privates. At least it didn't stay cold for long, she felt the sensitive area grow quite warm very quickly with the growing yellow cloud permeating from her genitals in a spreading fog. Soon, the dirty fluid began washing up against the edge of her thighs, pushing down her legs past her knees as it grew beyond her control, harder and faster.

Not that Mirai was in a place to be disgusted with her bodily fluids enveloping her lower half. On the contrary, Mirai was in heaven. Words would have a difficult time fully capturing the pain and suffering she had gone through for over an hour now, doubled by the knowledge that Yomi had been the sole person keeping her from a toilet, and likewise, words would also fall short in illustrating how blissful it felt to just pee after so much torture. True, it wasn't in a toilet, or even a bush she had grown so accustomed to, but it was peeing into a large body of water, so basically a toilet. Nothing was going to stop Mirai's blank ecstasy now, mouth hanging open with drool dripping out as she fell into a haze.

Homura, meanwhile...wasn't quite feeling so chipper, to put it mildly. While Mirai's underwater pee was silent, at least, and Homura was facing away, it did nothing to assuage the elder shinobi's burning need, not with her imagination running in full gear. She knew that Mirai was relieving herself, she knew how that must have felt after holding for so long, and she knew how much she would love to join in on that pleasure. Pressing her thighs together as tightly as she possibly could, she dropped her rocket launcher, almost dropping it on her foot, and pressed her hands into her crotch with all the force she could muster, begging that it would be enough of a wall to last one more minute.

She received feedback on her stance almost immediately, when her swimsuit bottoms suddenly grew a bit hot. "Ah!" Warm fluid snaked down her thighs, all the way down to her ankles in the water, even encroaching on her butt a little, right at the bottom. "Eep!" She gripped even harder, putting herself through incredible pain with so much force on her most sensitive parts, all in the hopes that she could manage, and not pee herself at the finish line. "Mirai, you about finished back there?!"

Mirai really was not in any sort of rush, perfectly content to just enjoy the euphoria for as long as it lasted, until she was yelled at. The tension was even enough to slow her tinkle, though nothing could possibly stop it at this state. "S-sorry, Homura! I'll hurry, promise!"

"You better!"

Panicking and sweating, Mirai rushed herself the only way she knew how: tensing her pelvic muscles to force the rest of her bladder's contents in one powerful gush, a personal waterfall. The gold cloud diffused and expanded at a much more rapid pace, encompassing her entire bottom half in an uneven, murky circle. Peeing this way was hardly comfortable, it was actually a little painful, but still nothing compared to holding it in. She could outlast it, for Homura's sake.

Whether Homura could outlast the tsunami currently wreaking havoc in her bladder, crashing down in a last-ditch effort to void itself, was another matter entirely. The spurts jetting out were picking up in frequency, she was peeing over half the time she was waiting, it was almost a full accident, only held back by the limited quantity exiting each time. Every second or two, she'd feel another surge of warmth on her palms, running down her legs, and hear it splishing in the water below. There was a growing portion of her mind reasoning that it wouldn't be that bad if she wet herself.

Finally, all at once, Mirai's river ran dry. "Hah...hah...ahhhhh..." She had exerted herself very hard over the last hour, from holding it, to fighting while holding it, to pushing everything out all at once, it was hard to catch her breath now. Her legs felt like jelly, she couldn't even stand up under her own power at the moment. Instead, she dunked her hands in the water and swirled it around, dissolving the yellow cloud and erasing the evidence of her misdeed.

It didn't take long for Mirai to regain her strength and stand back up, but it might as well have been an eternity in Homura's mind. Mirai slowly crawled out from the cage, taking special care not to bump her head on the bars. In contrast, as soon as one of Mirai's feet splashed on the water outside the hiding place, Homura's eyes shot open and she darted under the shelter like a rabid animal. Mirai could swear she saw a golden squirt shoot out when Homura's legs were wide apart, and she didn't blame her one bit.

Homura had no concept of modesty now. As she hid from prying camera lenses, only because this spot had been her goal and she had forgotten what was so vital about hiding, she quickly dropped into a squat hovering an inch above the water, and finally got to do what her bladder had been pleading for as long as she cared to remember at this stage: just piss. While the spurts spouting out up until now had been far from little piddles, now that she could let loose, the magnitude was jacked up ridiculously high. She now had a wide spray of urine rushing from her privates like a tidal wave, joining their liquid brethren below with the crash of rapids running into the rocks of the river, drowning out the sounds of battle, seeming so far away.

Homura did not have the tact to keep as quiet about her relief as Mirai had, maybe because she didn't have anyone to torture by listening to her business, or maybe because she was just a naturally louder girl. "Ohh...OOOOOOOOHHHHHHHHHHH!" Her head tilted upwards and she shouted her delight to the world.

"Homura, quiet down," Mirai warned. "I don't want to get spotted here!"

The Crimson Squad leader couldn't bring herself to care about the possibility of being caught anymore. "Mmmmmph..." The capacity for speech had long since left her, it was all she could do to stay aware of her surroundings' existence, period. She couldn't bother with the cacophony she was raising, or the roar of splashing urine, or how much of the water beneath her butt was rapidly turning gold. No, everything fell second to the pure, unfettered heaven of releasing a bladder past its bursting point.

However, even if she wasn't going to take the initiative on hurrying her body along, she was inadvertently lucky with its duration: thanks to her power pee, the volume shooting out drained her to zero in less than a minute. "Ah...hahah..." Suddenly, Mirai panting after she finished nature's call made perfect sense, with Homura short of breath in much the same way. Really, the only difference between the two was that Homura managed to stay on her feet without collapsing, allowing her to crouch further down and dunk her privates in the water to rinse her bikini out. "Phew, that's a hell of a lot better," she sighed, standing back up and leaving the traces of her relief behind to be eliminated by time.

Once she stepped back out from under the platform, Mirai felt it appropriate to strike up conversation. "Wow, you weren't kidding about being at your limit. I think that's the worst I've ever heard you pee."

"Yeah, I could say the same to you. I mean, I didn't hear yours, but I imagine it was just as bad."

"Mhm, it was. Hey, can I admit something?"

"Sure, what is it?"

"When we couldn't get into the bathroom back in the manor? I really considered running to the hot spring outside and peeing in that."

"Wow, wish I thought of that. I would have done it, not gonna lie."

The two of them nodded in silence, without anything else to add, until Mirai looked down into the water, where their weapons lay abandoned. "We should probably get back to the fight."

"Yeah, if Haruka and Hikage didn't win without us." Bending down to retrieve her rocket launcher, Homura readied it in battle position, Mirai following suit with her spray gun. "They better not have stolen Asuka's defeat from me!" Without having much of a clue what awaited them in the arena they had ignored for so long, the Crimson Girls leapt back into the fray, ready to get soaking wet on their own terms.

###

It was a hard-fought battle, but even with a member disadvantage, the Crimson Squad had emerged triumphant over Hanzō Academy, laying drenched and disgraced while the evil shinobi stood proud and victorious, though doused in their own right.

Homura faced her teammates with a wide smile on their face. "Excellent work, girls! You were superb out there! If that kind of performance doesn't get us the NewTube views and the jobs, I don't know what would!"

"It's a shame that Yomi had to miss it," Mirai added, dejected.

"I'm just glad that it's over," Hikage declared, her natural blank cadence shining forth. "I've needed to piss this whole match." Without moving an inch, she pulled the crotch of her bikini aside and let a respectable stream of urine flow forth, splattering against the stage floor mere inches from her bare feet. She didn't look relieved, but the quantity didn't lie: she had to go.

While anyone witnessing this would be stunned by Hikage's total lack of subtlety or decency, Homura and Mirai took it especially hard. They had tormented themselves to excruciating levels, all in the name of not making a spectacle of their private needs, and here Hikage was, baring her girlhood for the world to see without a care. The two looked at each other, and while they didn't say anything, their expressions conveyed the same thought running through both their minds: maybe a lack of emotions had its benefits.

Haruka couldn't take her eyes off the show either, with an observation that only further sent Homura and Mirai spiraling into deep depression. "Well, that's going to get us a lot of views, for sure."

