Joyce Byers and the Ultimate Crisis
	(AI Generated Stranger Things Fanfiction)
Author: Cinomo

*000*2024-11-15 16:55

(So, a bit background info about me, the main reason I opened this account was to share omorashi fanfics about characters that I loved, I did a couple and I personally think that those were terrible, so I decied the use the new, ChatGPT to write me a omorashi fanfic about the one and only, Joyce Byers from Stranger Things, I would also like to point out that, this is a test. I didn't even edit the story, so its fresh out, untouched, lets see if AI can write good omo storys)

Joyce Byers and the Ultimate Crisis (AI Generated Stranger Things Fanfiction)

It was one of those rare, peaceful days in Hawkins, Indiana. The kids were at school, and Joyce Byers was finally getting some time to herself. After months of dealing with the chaos of the Upside Down, creepy government agents, and the constant strain of trying to protect her family, she had decided to spend the afternoon doing something normal. She was in the living room, sorting through a box of old family photos, a cup of coffee by her side, when the unthinkable happened.

She felt it.

That small, unassuming pressure in her bladder. Joyce barely noticed it at first—she was focused on the pictures, flipping through memories of a time when things were… simpler. But as she sat there, leaning over the box, she felt it again. A sharp, insistent nudge. You need to pee, Joyce.

At first, Joyce tried to ignore it. After all, she’d had worse. She’d faced down the horrors of the Upside Down, battled interdimensional creatures, and outwitted shady government agents. A little bathroom emergency couldn’t possibly throw her off track. Right?

But the pressure kept building.

She shifted in her seat, feeling that familiar urgency rising within her. No, she thought, I can handle this. It’s fine. She even tried to push the thought out of her mind, focusing on the picture of Will’s first birthday, trying to get lost in the nostalgic memories of a simpler time.

But the pressure was growing. Faster now.

She glanced toward the hallway, where the bathroom was—just down the hall and to the left. I can make it, she told herself. She stood up, determined to power through. But the moment her feet hit the floor, her body betrayed her.

She paused for a split second, feeling a sudden, uncontrollable rush. Her bladder was no longer just politely asking for attention—it was demanding immediate relief.

“Oh, no,” Joyce muttered, her hand instinctively pressing to her abdomen, her face flushing with embarrassment.

She turned toward the hallway, and her legs began to move faster, but it was too late. The pressure was too much. The second her foot hit the first step, she felt it. A warm, unmistakable sensation. The kind you know exactly what it is, even before you can acknowledge it.

Joyce’s heart sank.

She froze on the spot, eyes wide with disbelief. Her body betrayed her in the worst possible way. No, no, no!

The floodgates opened, and in an instant, her carefully built composure shattered. Joyce Byers—the woman who’d fought to save her family from monsters, both real and supernatural—was standing in her own living room, peeing her pants.

The warmth spread, seeping through her jeans, and she felt utterly powerless, mortified in a way she hadn’t felt in years. As if in slow motion, she looked down at the growing wet spot on her pants, which was now spreading like an uncontrollable stain.

“Oh my god,” Joyce whispered, horrified. She felt like she could disappear into the floor.

Just then, she heard the sound of the front door opening.

“Mom?” Will’s voice called out from the entryway. He must’ve gotten home early.

Joyce’s eyes widened in panic. There was no way she could let him see her like this—not like this. She darted for the hallway, moving with all the grace of a toddler who had just learned to walk, trying to get out of sight before Will entered the living room. But as she took a step forward, her foot slipped on the tile, and she nearly fell flat on her face.

Her hands shot out to steady herself, and she took another shaky step toward the bathroom. But she knew it was too late to do anything to stop the mess.

“Mom?” Will called again, a little closer now. “Are you—oh…”

And that was when he saw her. Standing in the hallway, trying to walk with a combination of awkward steps and an embarrassed smile, her pants still wet and her face bright red.

Will stood frozen in place, his mouth slightly agape as he processed the sight.

Joyce gave him a sheepish look, her eyes wide with embarrassment. “Will, honey… I—”

Will blinked. “Mom, are you… are you okay?”

She forced a laugh, though it sounded more like a nervous chuckle. “Yeah, yeah… I’m fine. It’s just…” She looked down at her pants again, the soggy fabric making her cheeks burn hotter than ever. “Sometimes… being a mom is more than just fighting monsters and protecting you guys.” She paused, trying to collect herself. “Sometimes, it’s… this.”

Will, to his credit, didn’t laugh. He just gave her a small, concerned smile. “Well, I mean, at least you didn’t… you know… get eaten by a demogorgon.”

Joyce blinked, then snorted. It was ridiculous, but it was enough to break the tension. For a second, they both just stood there, trying not to laugh at the absurdity of it all.

“You’re right,” Joyce finally said, wiping her hands on her thighs, “could’ve been worse.” She took a deep breath, then gave Will a playful shove. “Go on, get cleaned up. I’m going to figure out how to clean myself up first.”

Will turned to head upstairs but paused, looking back over his shoulder with a grin. “You know, mom, it’s okay. Everyone has accidents sometimes.” He gave her a wink. “I won’t tell anyone.”

“Good,” Joyce muttered, chuckling to herself. “Because if you do, I’ll make you clean up the mess next time.”

With a soft laugh, Will disappeared upstairs, and Joyce leaned against the wall for a moment, still trying to come to terms with the fact that, for once, she wasn’t the one saving the day.

She’d fought monsters. She’d faced down secret government labs. She’d even kept her family together through the hardest of times. But today? Today, she had been bested by a bathroom emergency.

In the end, Joyce just shook her head and sighed. It was embarrassing. But it was also just life.

And life, as strange and unpredictable as it was in Hawkins, sometimes had a funny way of keeping you humble.

