The Last Year Before They Grew Up - Page 3

Author: Caraxes

*050*2023-08-09 16:29

As promised, please see below.

Character Guide:

54 Sherbrooke Residents:

Sarah Dalton: This wasian brunette has been going to the gym a lot and therefore has developed a nice butt and a toned body. However, she is not as attractive as much of the group causing her to be insecure. She drunkenly peed herself on Labour Day after getting rejected by her crush Jackson, who she is still pursuing despite him consistently rejecting her. Jackson finally confessed feelings at his Christmas party as Sarah shit herself in front of him. Unfortunately, Jackson would still lead her on with confusing behaviour, leading to Sarah getting wine drunk on Valentine’s. Carrie walked in on her masturbating and the two hooked up after Sarah peed herself in surprise.

Veronica (Ronnie): Sarah's best friend and former first year roommate towers over the group at 5 ft 11. The statuesque blonde is generally considered the hottest of the group, with the curves of a model. She is in her 4th year of the business program, majoring in Accounting, and she is currently romantically interested in Ben. As of yet, she has never had an accident. She recently challenged Maddy to a holding contest that she won, although she had to resort to peeing in a drain on the floor.

Jules Shahir: With her Armenian and French Ancestry, Jules has been blessed with extremely unique good looks. At 5 ft 6, with a caramel skin tone and brown hair and a smattering of freckles alongside her green eyes, Jules is extremely pretty. A marketing major, she befriended Sarah and Ronnie in first year but generally her shyness keeps her from branching out. She is Victoria’s upper year mentor and she peed herself in her overalls in the woods during Frosh week. After her mentee Victoria got publicly humiliated, Jules took revenge and in doing so made herself extremely popular. After starting to date Victoria’s brother David Richardson, David’s ex Maddy fed her a diuretic which led to her peeing her pants at a business event in front of hundreds of people.

Carmen Lopez: This self-absorbed hispanic competitive dancer is considered the second most attractive girl in the group. With black hair, a well-endowed chest and an opulent style to compliment her curves, she is highly sought after. She shit herself after anal gone wrong at a house party, but was helped by Ronnie. She cares a lot about her social status and generally dislikes everyone, except Maddy, Laura (her first year roommate) and now Ronnie. Carmen also peed herself on acid in NYC.

Laura: A key striker for the University soccer team, this brunette Chem major tends to dress rather plainly and does not emphasize her looks. She is closest with Erika, her best friend and former lab partner. Carmen was her first year roommate and brought her out of her shell. Maddy made her pee her pants at a party when they were handcuffed together. She later shit herself during a soccer final before scoring the winning penalty.

Erika O’Sullivan: This shy freckled ginger is closest with Laura, her best friend and former lab partner in the Chem program. She owns a Green Volkswagen Beetle, which she uses to go see her family. She is a mostly closeted lesbian and recently made a rejected move on Carrie. She peed herself at the Halloween Dance dressed as a Washing Machine. Later in the year, she peed herself at a fundraiser out of shyness. She is working to become more assertive and confident.

Other Important Fourth Years:

Carrie Campagna: This petite Italian brunette has been friends with Ronnie since high school. When Sarah had an accident on Labour Day, she drunkenly kissed Carrie. Carrie has been in denial of those feelings. She then peed herself at a music festival in front of Sarah and Ronnie. After drunkenly peeing herself at her sister’s house on NYE, she confessed feelings to Sarah. On Valentine's Day, she became desperate to shit and walked in on Sarah masturbating. After shitting herself, she finally hooked up with Sarah although things have been awkward ever since.

Maddy Dillinger: This curly haired brunette 4th year business student works as a TA for several first year courses. She is the ex-girlfriend of Victoria’s older brother, David, and on the same dance team as Carmen. She cruelly caused Victoria to have an accident during a business case and Laura to pee herself when they were handcuffed together at a party. On Halloween, she hooked up with Sarah’s crush Jackson. In the Spring, after discovering Jules was dating David, she gave the girl a diuretic and made her pee herself publicly. This led to Ronnie challenging her to a holding contest. Maddy lost, peeing herself in front of many and finally being humbled for once.

First Years:

Victoria Richardson: Victoria was the most popular girl in her high school and it caused her to act vapid and shallow. In her first year of the business program, she has been assigned Jules as her mentor. During frosh week, she shit herself in the woods. Then during a business case, her friends and Maddy made her pee herself and posted it online. This crushed her confidence and caused her boyfriend to dump her. She is starting to realize she needs to surround herself with better people. Her confidence is improving due to Jules taking revenge on her behalf and humbling her bullies. She peed herself tobogganing with Sarah’s sister April but she took it well and found herself becoming friends with the rebellious girl.

Hannah: This brunette is a manipulative leech, who uses her friends to climb the social ladder and cares about nothing other than sex and partying. She betrayed her friendship with Victoria by posting her pee accident online. She lost her popularity due to Jules’ revenge.

Bella: This chronic blonde follower has never had an original thought and just does what her popular friends tell her. She betrayed her friendship with Victoria by posting her pee accident online.She lost her popularity due to Jules’ revenge.

April Dalton: Sarah’s kid sister attends Port Henry College. She is struggling in school due to her crazy partying and she is bisexual. She has a crush on Hazel, who she peed in a vase in front of at a christmas party. She also peed herself tobogganing with Victoria, solidifying their friendships.

Hazel Gallaway: Jackson’s blonde lesbian sister.

The Boys:

Jackson Gallaway: Jackson is the popular and attractive crush of Sarah, with blonde curls and warm blue eyes. He is into Ronnie and recently made out with Maddy. Nevertheless, he hangs out with Sarah constantly and tends to lead her on. Recently though, he finally confessed feelings to Sarah although he continues to lead her on.

Ben: This nerdy black fellow with glasses has been Ronnie’s friend since first year and they are both in denial about their feelings for one another.

David Richardson: Victoria’s older brother and Maddy’s ex boyfriend. Currently dating Jules.

*054*2023-08-10 01:26

This chapter contains NO messing.

Chapter 17: Spring Break - Part 3: Heatstroke

The tile was so cool.

Sarah let her cheek lay against it, drinking in the numbing sensation. She still didn’t want to open her eyes and come back to reality. Her skin was burning hot and she was overheating from every part of her body. She remembered stumbling into the room, peeling off her bikini top, kicking them into the corner and collapsing onto the bathroom floor with her head pounding.

The truth was simple. Sarah had gotten way too drunk on a few too many mimosas at the swim up bar. It had started off fine enough, when she and Carmen had split off from the group as they went swimming. Sarah had never been one for deep water and it was the perfect opportunity to get drunk.

Carmen was a heavy drinker and soon Sarah had found herself quite inebriated, peeing in the pool. This was her first sign that things had gone too far, since she hadn’t even noticed the stream start until Carmen commented on the warmth of the water around them. Instead of heeding this warning to slow her alcohol intake, Sarah had proceeded to drink two more mimosas before stumbling back to the room she was sharing with Ronnie.

Now, as she woke on the tile, Sarah realized that she had fucked up.

“Sarah?”

Ronnie’s voice was calling her from the bedroom and Sarah realized she must have just gotten back from scuba diving.

“I’m here!” Sarah tried to call back to her best friend, but all that came out was a muffled yelp. The wasian brunette did her best to pull herself up onto her elbows but her head was swimming and her limbs felt like they were made of lead.

Ronnie must have heard the muffled yelp, as a moment later she appeared in the doorway of the bathroom in her turquoise bikini. The tall blonde bombshell took one look at her friend sprawled on the floor and leapt into action.

“Oh my god, are you okay?” she asked, concern audible in her voice. “Did you forget to drink water?”

Water! Fuck, Sarah realized in horror that she’d been in the sun all afternoon and hadn’t had any water to drink. The alcohol would have dehydrated her and…

“Oh god girly, you look like you have heatstroke!” Ronnie exclaimed, placing her hand against Sarah’s forehead and feeling the heat radiate off of her.

“Nooo,” Sarah groaned, “I’m so stupid!”

She tried to prop herself up on her elbow but it was futile and she slid animatedly back onto the tile. Ronnie quickly jumped to her aid, bending over and grabbing her by the crooks of her arms and lifting her into a sitting position. Sarah immediately lolled to the right, lacking the energy to sit up straight.

“Did you and Carmen get plastered in the sun all afternoon without any water or sunscreen?” Ronnie asked, concern in her voice.

Sarah nodded awkwardly, and Ronnie heaved an exaggerated huff. “You guys need to take better care of yourselves.”

The blonde stood up and began running cold water from the tap. Reaching into the cupboard under the sink, she fished out a facecloth and wet it. She placed it gingerly on Sarah’s forehead and the brunette sighed at the sensation of the cool water touching her skin.

“I’m so drunk and so fucking boiling,” Sarah whined, trying to lie back into the cool tile. Ronnie grabbed her shoulders and kept her sitting up. The tap was still running and Ronnie grabbed a glass off of the counter next to it and filled it with water.

“You need to hydrate,” Ronnie said, squatting down and pressing the water to her best friend’s lips. Sarah struggled to gulp down the liquid and water splashed off the sides of her mouth and dribbled down her chin.

“Too much,” she spat through a mouthful of water, spewing droplets in all directions. She recoiled her head and refused to drink anymore, but Ronnie’s motherly mode has been activated.

“Nope, you’re drinking more!” the blonde exclaimed, bringing the glass back in and forcing her friend to swallow several more large gulps until the glass was empty. Immediately she began refilling the glass from the tap as Sarah protested.

“Ronnieeee I can’t drink this much!”

“Sarah Dalton, you’re drinking more water this instant or you’re going to be sick. Trust me, you’ll thank me later,” the tall girl insisted as she brought the glass back in to her friend’s lips. Sarah was forced to down even more water, spluttering and cursing as she did so.

When Sarah was done her second glass, Ronnie stood up and made for the door. “I’m going to run to the nurse by the lobby to see if I can get you any meds. Stay put, I’ll be back in five.”

“Where would I go? I can hardly move,” Sarah grimaced sarcastically through her pain.

This elicited a chuckle from Ronnie before she crossed the threshold exiting the bathroom and vanished from sight. Several seconds later, Sarah heard the click of their room door closing indicating she was alone again.

It was at this moment that Sarah realized in surprise that she really had to pee. All of the alcohol must have gone straight to her bladder and the additional glasses of water meant that she was hit by a sudden urge begging for release.

Topless and sprawled two inches from the toilet, Sarah knew that climbing up onto it on her own was nigh impossible. She’d simply have to wait for Ronnie to return to help her relieve her abrupt need. The cool tile looked so inviting but she forced herself to stay sitting up. She knew it was necessary to remain upright so that she didn’t pass out.

As she sat on the bathroom floor, the alcohol and water went to work on Sarah’s bladder. Her kidneys were working overtime to process all of the fluid and her head was pounding from the heatstroke and alcohol. The combination of being ill and drunk was intolerable and Sarah wanted nothing more than for the feeling to pass, but she knew she’d brought it upon herself in her hubris.

Sarah was aware that she currently had no sense of time, but as the seconds ticked into minutes she felt as though Ronnie had been gone for hours. Her need to pee was growing and she wished she was capable of hoisting herself up onto the porcelain throne. I this state, she doubted she could even get her bikini bottoms off, let alone stand.

The brunette lay on her side and wiggled her legs in an attempt to get herself nearer to the toilet but the sudden motion only sent a jolt deep into her bladder. Without warning, it spasmed and Sarah could only watch in horror as her white bikini bottoms were saturated with a small patch of pee the size of a quarter. The leak hadn’t been foreshadowed, it snuck up on her unannounced and she gasped in surprise.

Sarah started to panic. She had no energy and her bladder was starting to throb for release. In a regular situation, her desperation wouldn’t be dire enough to prevent her from holding it for much longer but her sick body could not hope to handle this new strain.

Carefully, Sarah groped the front of her bikini bottoms in an attempt to regain some semblance of control. The white fabric was damp to the touch and Sarah could smell the acrid smell of pee wafting from her nether regions. Her chest was heaving as her heart pounded, and her body felt like shit. The cold air of the bathroom juxtaposed with the head being emitted from Sarah’s nearly nude body and she sneezed suddenly, her bladder spawning again.

Sarah felt the warm pee hit her fingertips as it surged through the bikini before sliding down onto the tile. She cut off the flow again, panting from the effort and remained sprawled on the floor by the toilet. She knew she had to find a way to stand quickly or she’d pee herself completely.

The Wasian girl rolled onto her stomach, her bare nipples hardening as they touched the cool tile. She attempted to do a push up but her arms simply trembled and she failed to raise herself even an inch. The exertion caused her head to spin and she felt a bout of nausea sneaking up on her. She knew there was no hope in making it up onto the toilet on her home.

Suddenly, Sarah heard the click of the hotel room door and she breathed a sigh of relief. Footsteps reverberated on the hardwood floors and finally long legs appeared in the doorway of the bathroom. Ronnie had returned just in the nick of time!

“Ronnie,” Sarah groaned. “I need to pee so badly. Please lift me onto the toilet.”

Ronnie took one look at Sarah sprawled on the floor with her hand in her crotch and leapt into action. The blonde rushed across the bathroom and lifted the brunette by the armpits yet again. Sarah’s hand was pulled away from her crotch as she was dragged upright and in that moment she leaked again, spraying pee through the white fabric hugging her crotch.

“Oh Sarah, you’re a mess today,” Ronnie sighed, watching the urine trickle down her best friend’s leg. Huffing and puffing, she managed to get Sarah’s bum onto the closed toilet lid before releasing her armpits. Sarah sagged against the tank and nearly toppled off the toilet, but managed to stay seated.

“Please get my bottoms off,” Sarah begged softly. “I’m peeing myself.”

Ronnie moved to yank down the bikini bottoms but it was too late. Seated on the lid of the toilet, Sarah began to pee in earnest. Rivulets expanded outward on the white lid and pooled between her thighs, flowing forwards towards the front of the toilet. Her white bikini bottoms were soaked through in an instant, growing a dark grey, and a loud hiss emanated through the bathroom.

“Oh wow, you’re totally flooding your shorts,” Ronnie remarked, a smiling slipping across her face by accident. Sarah was truly an amusing sight.

As Ronnie thought that, Sarah toppled sideways off the toilet, limbs splaying out around her. She hit the tile with a soft grown, pee still leaking between her legs into a series of small puddles forming on the floor.

Finally, after a few more seconds of release, Sarah’s stream tapered off. She was laying on the ground in a heap next to the toilet panting from the exertion. Ronnie strode to the sink and began refilling the glass she had given to Sarah before.

“What are you doing?” Sarah asked, puzzled.

“The water is clearly going through your system. We need you to keep hydrating,” Ronnie replied, bringing the glass down to Sarah’s level on the floor. She produced a container of Advil from her pocket and took off the cap. “I need you to take one of these. I got them from the nurse.”

Sarah groaned again. “Thanks for looking after me Ronnie. I know it’s not how you want to be spending your vacation.”

“Don’t worry, I’ll always look out for my best friend,” Ronnie said with a smile. “Besides, would it really be Spring Break if no one got incredibly fucked up?”

The tall blonde bent down and grabbed the waistband of Sarah’s bikini bottoms, easing them down her legs and revealing her waxed privates to the air. “C’mon, let’s get you cleaned up!”

$

*056*2023-08-10 21:32

No messing in this chapter.

Chapter 17: Spring Break - Part 4: Spilling Secrets

“I don’t believe you at all,” Beth was saying and Erika couldn’t help but giggle at her new friend’s disbelief.

As the sun dipped below the horizon casting orange and pink rays across the surface of the ocean, the girls lounged in their reclining chairs with beverages in their hands. From their vantage point at their table by the elevated pool, the girls could make out many people down frolicking in the waves on the beach below them. Erika knew her friends Ronnie, Jules and Carmen were likely with them having their evening swim. The pool was an infinity pool, pouring off into the abyss and raised at least 30 feet above the beach. Erika was blown away by the beautiful view and the landscape around her.

She and Laura had met Beth at one of the swim up bars on the second day and had hit it off. Beth was from the Bible Belt and was much more of a country girl than anyone they knew. She was a tall brunette, nearly rivalling Ronnie in height, and her willowy features made her seem almost ethereal. Her cheekbones constantly reminded Erika of an elf from The Lord of the Rings, while her vocabulary reminded her of Little House on the Prairie. Exclamations like “golly gee” or “holy moly” were extremely common place coming out of this girl’s mouth.

“You may not believe us, but it’s the truth,” Carrie replied laughing. The petite brunette was sitting sideways in her chair, sipping a red cocktail with an orange bobbing inside it. “We’ve all peed ourselves this year! Every single one of us on this trip!”

“Except Ronnie!” Sarah piped up from across the table. The wasian girl was still in pink her bikini from an earlier swim and Erika kept spotting Carrie sneaking glances at her cleavage.

“True, but Ronnie is a different kind of specimen,” Erika giggled. “She’s got a bladder of steel.”

Beth shook her head in disbelief. “Balderdash! I haven’t peed myself since I was wee, there ain’t no way that y’all have all done it THIS YEAR!”

“I don’t know what to tell you girly,” Carrie sighed, “It’s embarrassing but it’s the truth!”

“So that’s why we started the Piddle Pants Club,” Erika explained. “It both holds us accountable and bonds us in our embarrassment. Honestly I think it has brought everyone way closer.”

Erika’s own bladder was currently quite full herself. She hadn’t gone since before dinner over two hours ago and a dull urge was emanating from her bladder. Now as she, Carrie, Beth and Sarah sat at a table by the pool knocking back cocktails she was sure that her urge was only going to grow.

“This sounds like a load of horse manure. Were you guys drunk?” Beth queried, a bemused smile plastered on her face.

“Sometimes,” Sarah admitted. “Other times… well c’mon girly, surely you’ve held it too long at some point?”

“Yeah, but I always make it,” Beth replied defensively.

“Well, sometimes we didn’t,” Erika stated simply, giggling as she did so. “Someday you’ll wait a tiny smidge longer than you actually can and you’ll see what we mean.”

“Hogswash! That’ll never happen to me!” Beth exclaimed, shaking her head confidently.

Sarah and Carrie simply smiled at Beth with a look of disbelief and Erika found herself bursting into another fit of giggles. She and her friends knew better than most that an accident could sneak up on you when you least expected it, even if you were long past an era where such a thing was commonplace.

Sarah grinned at the willowy brunette and asked the question that Erika had been wondering as well. “What’s the closest you’ve ever come to peeing yourself then girly?”

Beth seemed taken aback but the sudden personal question and she flushed red in her surprise. “Um… I don’t know.”

“C’mon,” Sarah pressed, “You’ve definitely had at least one incident.”

“Well…”Beth admitted sheepishly. “There was one really close call on my way to church camp two summers ago when I was 19.”

“Well don’t leave us in suspense,” Carrie encouraged, taking another swig from her cocktail glass.

Erika copied her friend, savouring the cold strawberry flavour and she felt her belly slosh as the liquid poured down her throat. She really needed to consider taking a bathroom break soon as all the alcohol was going straight to her bladder. She fidgeted in her chair slightly and resolved not to go until Beth’s story was over.

“Okay so I was freshly nineteen and I was off to be a councillor at the camp I went to for my whole childhood. It’s called Camp St Thomas and it’s near the state line, so about a three hour drive from my house,” Beth began. “So anyways, I was really excited to see all my friends again since we were all working together at our favourite place in the world. My dad got a flat on the way to the bus stop and we had to change the tired. Thankfully he has a jack in the back of his pickup at all times, but it meant that we arrived to the bud late and covered in grease. It wasn’t cute at all.”

“Oof girllll, you can change a tire?” Carrie asked, reaching across the table to give the brunette a high five. “Slay!”

“Thanks,” Beth replied shyly. “My dad taught me. It’s kinda necessary to know when you live on a farm.”

“I can imagine,” Sarah agreed. “Have you ever changed a tractor tire?”

“Of course,” Beth replied quickly, sending Erika into another fit of giggles. She was in such a giggly mood for some strange reason, and her bladder pulsed in protest.

“That’s sick,” Sarah said. “I’ve got more follow up questions but they can wait. Continue with your story!”

Beth flushed red and steeled herself before continuing. “So we get to the bus late and I’ve already kinda gotta pee. It was at a solid fidget level where you can’t quite stand still and I would have gone if I had bathroom access. Instead, I spent 30 minutes fidgeting around and counting up my campers. Finally we board the bus and that’s when I realize I’m really in trouble.”

Pausing for air, Beth took a sip of her cocktail and looked back at her new friends. “You guys have to promise not to judge.”

“We won’t, trust us,” Erika promised. “We’ll literally tell you one of our stories each afterward if you’d like.”

Carrie and Sarah nodded in agreement and Beth looked relieved to find out she wouldn’t be the only one getting embarrassed.

“I was really in trouble because our camp councillor uniform was a dark green shirt and a pair of beige shorts. I knew that if I peed at all, EVERYONE would know,” Beth explained. “I curled up in my seat next to my friend and began kneading my crotch with both hands but an hour in I knew I wasn’t going to make it.”

“Fuck, what’d you do?” Carrie asked, a look of concern and sympathy on her face.

“I got my friend to ask the bus driver to stop but we were in traffic so he said no. My situation was dire and I was bouncing uncontrollably and like… lowkey groping myself. I was massaging my nether regions because they were THROBBING,” Beth admitted, blushing bright red. Erika realized that the willowy brunette never would have been this descriptive if she wasn’t already tipsy. This was probably the biggest overshare of her life.

“So what’d you do?” Sarah asked, literally on the edge of her seat.

Beth pushed her hair behind her hair and stared intently at her cocktail as she worked up the courage to finish the story.

“I did the only thing I could in that situation,” the willowy brunette stated, pausing for dramatic effect. “I held it!”

“You held it for two more hours when you were about to piss yourself?” Erika asked, surprised. Both Sarah and Carrie nodded along with her question, clearly confused as well.

“Not quite,” Beth admitted. “I made it about five minutes before I had to hobble to the front of the bus and beg the driver to pull over. He refused repeatedly until I started to cry and wriggle in front of all my friends and all the kids we were supposed to be looking after. Finally, he pulled the bus to the side and I rushed out.”

“Were there bushes around?” Sarah asked.

“No! I yanked down my shorts and revealed my lady parts to everyone on the bus and everyone stuck in traffic around us! It was incredibly indecent,” Beth confessed, her cheeks and ears still as red as the sunset the girls were observing.

Erica couldn’t help but giggle at the image of Beth’s hairy muff in full view as she frantically squatted. The image was quite amusing to her.

Beth rolled her eyes at the giggles and ploughed on. “Anyways, I dropped into a squat and released an absolute geyser of pee into the dirt, spraying all over my ankles and bare thighs. I peed for like five minutes straight with my eyes closed.”

Erika giggled some more at the image of prim and proper Beth emptying her bladder in a ditch and Sarah and Carrie started to laugh as well.

“Guys, it’s not funny! I was mortified at having to do something so embarrassing,” Beth confessed sheepishly. “I even lost my balance trying to stand up and fell bum first into my puddle.”

This set Erika off for real. A belly shaking guffaw shot out of her mouth before she could stop herself. She wasn’t sure why but for some reason the image was hilarious. She laughed harder as tears welled in her eyes and was relieved to see that her friends were laughing as well. Even Beth seemed to have found the humour in the story and she’d begun to chuckle good naturedly.

Erika couldn’t stop laughing, rolling back and forth in her chair at the thought of Beth doing something so out of character. Her cheeks hurt, her eyes were damp and her stomach ached from the display of mirth but she was too lost in the humour of it all.

Suddenly, Erika felt her bladder relax. There was a sudden loosening of her muscles down below, no warning signals, and then the floodgates opened. She’d known she’d had to pee but she didn’t realize quite how full she was. Now as she laughed heartily, there was nothing she could do to prevent a typhoon.

Warm pee poured out of her, saturating her pink floral panties and turning them a richer shade. She looked down helplessly, past her heaving chest and rising and falling bosom, as a trickle of yellow liquid appeared from under the hem of her white dress.

The seat of her dress, that she was sitting on, became soaked as well as she failed to stop the flow. She was still laughing, now overcome by the humour of her own situation and she sat there in defeat as her pee saturated the fabric of the reclining chair beneath her.

“Are you peeing?” Sarah asked, noticing the soft pitter patter as Erika’s urine hit the warm stone of the pool deck.

Nodding through her laughter, Erika could only watch as Beth’s face became increasingly shocked.

Sarah and Carrie were giggling heartily at their ginger friend’s mishap but Beth simply stared in disbelief at the rapidly darkening pavement.

“Oh my god, you guys weren’t joking,” the willowy girl stammered in awe. “The Piddle Pants Club is real.”

Erika nodded as she tried to take deep breaths and get her laughter back under control. Finally between gasps for air, she managed to spit out, “I promise I didn’t do that to prove a point. We really do piss ourselves by accident.”

“This is the craziest trip I’ve ever been on,” Beth replied, shaking her head. “Spring Break has so many surprises.”

*057*2023-08-11 23:27

No messing in this one.

Chapter 17: Spring Break - Part 5: The Outside Perspective

Beth couldn’t get Erika’s accident or her new friends’ assertions from the night before out of her head. She had never heard of girls their age peeing themselves, let alone witnessed it first hand. Aside of her one close call a few years ago, Beth had barely even been desperate since before her teenage years. The tall willowy brunette prided herself on her ladylike behaviour and bladder control was a key part of that.

Back at home in Arkansas on her family farm, Beth’s parents had always expected her to be prim and proper. She never cussed, never showed too much skin and never disobeyed her parents. All that had changed when she had moved away to Florida for college. Thrust into the world of party culture and school spirit, she had been intrigued to try a bit of everything she’d been missing out on for the start of her life. Yes, she’d gone a bit overboard in her first year and had attended every party she could, but now she had mellowed out and returned to being a mostly responsible version of herself.

As she tossed and turned in her hotel bed on the morning of her fifth day of the trip, Beth found her mind wandering back to Erika’s red face the night before. She pictured the rivulets of pee spilling from under the ginger’s dress onto the pool deck. She had been mesmerized in the moment, disbelieving what she was seeing. Now, she couldn’t help but wonder if her body would even allow her to do that as she lay beneath her sheets.

Beth’s bladder was quite full in preparation for her morning pee. She had a ritual for peeing at exactly 7:00am each day as her mother had encouraged her and her sister to do as kids. Living on a corn farm, this time often moved up in the summer to accommodate an earlier rise. Nevertheless, Beth always peed in the morning like clockwork.

For some reason, on this morning in the Dominican Republic, Beth felt the rhythmic urge from her bladder and decided to forgo her bathroom trip. Her curiosity had been piqued just enough to consider dilly dallying with her bathroom needs. A resort was the perfect contained environment to see if her body could get in as dire a situation as her new friends described.

Making up her mind, Beth resolved to wait until the last possible moment before relieving herself that morning. She just had to time it right and she’d be fine. Tossing of her sheets, Beth rose from her bed and made her way to her suitcase to get ready for the day. Her friend Audrey was sound asleep in the bed beside her and Beth didn’t want to wait for her in order to get breakfast. She decided to dress and make her way immediately to the dining hall for some eggs. Her bladder pulsed in protest of her avoidance of her usual scheduled release but she ignored it.

———

Beth made her way to breakfast in her cute outfit for the day. She had on a light green bikini, her brown flip flops and a white slip to cover her up. Her brown hair was tied up in a bun for the time being and she’d put on a minimal amount of makeup.

Looking down at her belly, Beth could see that she was slightly bloated. A night’s worth of pee sloshed around in her bladder and she could feel her body asking her to find a toilet.

Beth ignored these signals and made her way to the buffet, making sure to take a large glass of orange juice with her eggs and sausage. After downing that, much to her bladder’s chagrin, Beth found herself filling up a mug of coffee. She was going to test her limits as much as possible and so increasing her fluid limits seemed to be a good solution.

At that moment, Jules and Erika spotted Beth across the dining hall and waved. Beth waved back and the two girls approached her excitedly.

“We just finished up breakfast with the gang, we’re going to go play some volleyball at one of the courts on the beach. Do you want to join?” Erika asked. The ginger was wearing a white romper covered in a duck pattern and a large straw sun hat. Jules was applying sunscreen to her arms in a blue bikini and white wrap.

“I’d love to join once I’m done my coffee,” Beth agreed. “Audrey still isn’t up. She got way too drunk last night so I’ve got some time to fill before we go scuba diving.”

“Perfect,” Jules exclaimed, still rubbing in sunscreen. “Meet us down by the pool shaped like a kidney?”

Beth agreed and bid farewell to the girls for the time being. Retaking her spot alone at her table, she practically inhaled her coffee. Much to her bladder’s chagrin, the brunette opted to grab another one just to make things interesting. She didn’t wait to see how the first coffee would effect her bladder but she wasn’t worried. She only had a small urge at the moment and she didn’t think it would grow too quickly.

———-

“Mine!” Ronnie called, diving for a ball that had sailed over the net to the back corner of the court.

Beth did her best to react quickly and get ready for the set, but as she lunged into position her bladder screamed. She managed to knock the ball up into the air for Sarah to smash down for a point, but the damage was done.

Beth fell to her knees and jammed a hand into her crotch, hoping her new friends didn’t see. For the last hour, she’d been fighting off a growing urge to pee but this was the first time she’d had to act on it. Until this moment, Beth had been stepping around a bit desperately on the beach in an attempt to quell the urge through a marching motion. This only gave off the illusion of fidgety excitement to others, but crotch grabbing was going to be much harder to hide.

“Great set!” Sarah called, coming to Beth’s aid and offering her a hand up as Erika, Jules and Carmen chased after the ball that had just eluded them all.

“Thanks,” Beth said, smiling. She willed away her urge and took Sarah’s hand, rising back to her feet. There was sand all over her legs and she did her best to brush it all off as she retook her spot for the next serve.

Beth had been surprised by how quickly her need to urinate had developed. She knew she should have expected it with the two coffees and the glass of orange juice that she had consumed at breakfast but she felt a bit disappointed in her body nonetheless.

“Match point,” Ronnie announced as she geared up to serve the ball. Beth admired the look of pure determination on her friend’s face and felt a built guilty that she wasn’t as invested herself. She had been distracted the entire game and had not been playing to her full abilities.

Ronnie lobbed the ball in the air before smashing it over the net. Her serve had a good arc and Erika had a hard time bumping it up to Carmen. Carmen set it for Jules but Jules’ spike hit the top of the net and spun away into the sand.

Ronnie and Sarah whooped, high fiving, while Jules cursed her own error. Beth smiled and moved to fist bump her teammates, relieved that the game was over and she had an excuse to stop jostling her bladder around. Beth made her way over to the beach chairs next to the beach volleyball court where Laura and Carrie were lounging.

Laura looked up from her book and smiled at Beth. “Did you guys win?”

“We had Ronnie on our team, what do you think?” she joked.

Laura grinned. “Not only is she gorgeous, she’s also a phenom at most things. It’s really unfair.”

At that moment, Erika approached the two girls, her ginger hair billowing in the wind. “I think I’m going to go grab a drink now that it’s after 11am. Do you guys want to come?”

“I’m good,” Laura replied. “I’m really comfy. Can you grab me a mojito?”

“Of course,” Erika replied, then looked to Beth.

“I’ll come,” Beth agreed.

The two girls made their way up the path towards the bar. Erika began chatting about the resort gossip and the fact that Laura had a crush on some guy named Andrew, but Beth could barely focus. Her need has grown to the point where she had gotten sometimes on mornings where she forgot to pee before bed and her bladder felt like a water balloon in her abdomen.

Her walk was becoming a cross between a waddle and a shuffle and she hated that it was probably becoming noticeable. Her fears were confirmed when Erika asked, “Are you good? You look like you’re busting for a pee.”

“I am,” Beth confessed. “But I’ll go after this drink. I’m not going to pee myself.”

Erika raised an eyebrow and smirked. “Still trying to prove us wrong?”

“I’m not going to giggle my way into an accident like someone I know,” Beth teased, referencing the events of the night before.

“Oh shush, I waited too long much like you are now. Just don’t fuck up like I did.”

It didn’t take long for the bartender to get them three mojitos and Beth made sure she tipped well. It was important to maintain a good relationship with the staff when you drank as much as everyone did on Spring Break. The resort was overrun with college kids that disrespected the staff and Beth wanted to make sure she wasn’t lumped in with them. She never wanted watered down drinks.

“Geez, these drinks are strong,” Erika remarked as she took her first sip.

“Thank god,” Beth giggled. “I want to get a bit tipsy.”

The two girls finished their drinks pretty quickly and Erika decided to grab another before heading back with Laura’s. Beth decided to pass as the new liquid in her bladder was sending shivers down her spine.

“Are you okay?” Erika asked, noticing Beth grappling with the new urge.

“I think I’m fine,” Beth said. Waves of sudden desperation were hitting her bladder and she crossed her legs.

Erika looked her up and down. “Just go to the bathroom Beth, you’ve got nothing to prove.”

“I’m fine,” Beth said, even as she realized she was not. Her bladder contracted aggressively and she froze as a dribble of pee escaped her defences. Laura glanced down and was horrified to see a tiny spot of liquid on her pale green bottoms.

Erika followed her gaze and raised an eyebrow when she realized what was happening. “Go piss girl!”

Beth realized that Erika was right. She needed to get back to her room very soon or she wasn’t going to have the option to pee anywhere other than in her swimsuit.

—————

Beth sprinted down the cobblestone path, knowing this was going to be a close call. She had managed to push herself to her limits and her bladder was spasming involuntarily. She had gotten as close to an accident as she could without physically having one. She had doubted that it was even possible for her to get this close to an accident but here she was, spurting uncontrollably into the gusset of her green bikini. Her flip flops were reverberating on the stones with a nearly comical slapping sound but she charged one, full pelt.

She rounded a corner and nearly bent double from the urge to urinate right there, but she forced herself to sprint the last hundred steps to her room. Fumbling for her key card in the pocket of her slip, she crossed her legs and danced on the spot. She was very relieved when she finally heard the beep of the door unlocking as she tapped her card and the whirring of the mechanism releasing.

Beth threw open the door to her room and found herself face to face with her roommate Audrey.

Audrey was standing there in her jean shorts and a red bikini top clearly about to leave and she nearly jumped when the door swung open. Beth did a double take. Audrey was her best friend from college and they had decided to go on the Spring Break trip together. Beth had always looked up to Audrey and she definitely didn’t want her to see her this desperate.

“Hey Beth,” Audrey said with a surprised tone. “In a rush? I was just gonna head down to the dining hall. My hangover is finally…”

Then Audrey noticed the pee dance. Beth was wriggling on the spot like a contortionist. The lanky brunette’s long limbs were entangled with each other in a frantic attempt to contain her fluids.

“Oh shit, do you have to pee?” Audrey asked, surprised to see her usually reserved friend be so animated.

The question made Beth burst into tears. She had brought this entirely upon herself out of a bizarre curiosity to prove that her new friends were weird, and now she was going to pee herself in front of her best friend.

“Don’t cry,” Audrey reassured her. “The bathroom is right there, you’re fine!”

But Beth wasn’t fine. She stood there still as a statue as tears streamed down her face and started to pee. Clear urine ran down her bare legs, soaking into her flip flops and spilling over her toes. She stumbled, bracing herself against the wall for support as her light green bikini bottoms darkened.

Audrey was standing there mouth agape, unsure of what to say or do as her best friend soaked herself. Beth let out a gasp and then futilely shoved her hand into her crotch in an attempt to stop the flow. Pee sprayed between her fingers and she glanced down to see that she was making a puddle on the floor.

Audrey yanked her feet back to avoid the rapidly forming puddle and Beth choked back a sob as her stream tapered off. The pee stopped spraying out of her bikini and instead only ran slowly down her legs.

“How… what happened?” Audrey asked, still reeling in shock. “Are you okay?”

Beth cursed herself for trying this experiment. She could never admit the truth to Audrey. “I got a bit drunk this morning and really had to pee. When I got surprised just now it just all came out.”

“Oh… that fucking sucks, I’m sorry girly,” Audrey said, pulling Beth into a hug and stepping slightly in the puddle.

“I feel like such a child,” Beth cried, hugging her friend tightly.”

“Oh please, accidents happen to everyone,” Audrey said comfortingly.

Beth smiled this statement. Erika had been right the night before. Accidents COULD happen to anyone and the Piddle Pants Club wasn’t as crazy as she had initially believed.

*059*2023-11-03 14:51

Chapter 17: Spring Break - Part 6: Wet Lady Parts

Carrie did her best to lie perfectly still under the covers of her bed as she slipped her hand under the waistband of her pink shorts pyjama bottoms and squeezed her bare pussy. She had awoken to a throbbing need to pee from all the alcohol she had consumed the night before and realized that she had forgotten to go before bed. The digital clock on the hotel nightstand read 3:04 in large glowing red numbers. Carrie wanted nothing more than to leap out of bed and scurry to the bathroom ten feet away, but there was one reason why she couldn’t do that.

From the bed next to hers, Jules’ shallow breathing was emanating in short ragged bursts. Carrie lay perfectly still so that Jules wouldn’t notice she was awake. She didn’t want to embarrass her by moving when the blonde was clearly masturbating. Carrie didn’t blame her. It was their sixth night of vacation and that many days without some kind of pleasure was enough to have her on edge too. She had been looking at Sarah hungrily for days now and was praying that Sarah was thinking the same.

Jules must have waited until she thought Carrie was asleep to begin touching herself and it would be mortifying for her to discover that her roommate was now awake and listening to her intimate moment. The blonde moaned softly in the dark and Carrie did her best to block it out. She touched her own crotch firmly but for a very different reason than Jules. She just needed to wait until her friend finished and then she could get up to go.

Carrie was starting to feel a warm dampness around her crotch. The clammy feeling surprised her and she prayed that it was just sweat but she wasn’t sure. Her fingers rested against her labia and her palm could feel the razor bumps from her recent shave as she squeezed tightly to hold back the flood. It had been almost two whole months since her last bathroom mishap on Valentine’s and she didn’t want to break the streak now.

Jules moaned again from the bed beside her and Carrie was grossed out that she could hear the squelch of her fingers in her juices. The noise was barely distinguishable but in the perfectly quiet room she could make it out. Jules’ breathing was getting faster and Carrie prayed that this meant that an orgasm was approaching. Her own breathing accelerated whenever she was close to climaxing so she figured that Jules must be the same.

The petite brunette was doing her best not to wriggle in desperation. She was nearly shaking from the pressure but she did her best to fight down the urge and regain control over her lower muscles. Laying still was the hardest part.Every instinct in her body told her to dash for the bathroom, but she was determined not to make a sound or move, hoping to save Jules from any embarrassment.

Jules' moans grew louder and more frequent. To distract herself, Carrie tried to think of the most unappealing things she could. Slimy fish, mud puddles, the one time she accidentally bit into a spoiled peach. Anything to take her mind off the growing pressure in her bladder.

Under the cocoon of her sheets, Carrie's body became a battleground of sensations. Every ounce of her concentration was fixated on the pressing weight in her bladder. Each moan from Jules sent a reminder of her predicament, sharpening her awareness of her own body's desperate pleas.

The slight coolness of the room contrasted against the growing warmth emanating from her lower body. Her fingers, slipping under her waistband yet again, found her skin hot and clammy from the strain. The sensation was undeniable — a slight dampness was already there, evidence of her body's rebellion against her will. She was losing the battle and the slow trickle of urine was commencing.

Every muscle in her lower abdomen seemed to be screaming, demanding release. The strain was palpable; she could feel the pulsing need with every heartbeat. And yet, she tried to be stoic. As her desperation grew, a slight tremor took over her hands, the sensation of wetness growing with every passing second.

Carrie bit her lip, stifling the almost instinctual gasp that threatened to escape her lips. The very act of holding back a noise made her more aware of the slow loss of control. The warmth between her fingers expanded, a damning testament of her body's surrender to the urgency. Every small leak felt magnified under her touch, the gentle spread of wetness chilling against her warm skin.

Her breaths became shallow, uneven. She wanted to cry out, to express the agony of the situation, but she had to be silent. Every inch of her body was focused on staying still, staying quiet, and enduring. The knowledge that she couldn't control it, coupled with the desperate desire to remain unnoticed, heightened her senses to every detail of the situation.

But it was no use. Carrie could feel the warm trickle escaping her and she squeezed her eyes shut in mortification. She did her best to minimize the damage, pressing her thighs together and using her hand to press against her damp pussy, hoping against hope that she could stop the flow.

From her peripheral vision, even in the dimness of the room, Carrie could see Jules' silhouette against the faint light filtering through the drapes. The rhythmic motion of the sheets provided a visual companion to the moans she had been hearing.

Jules' body seemed to dance under her sheets, writhing in rhythm with her own inner crescendo. There were moments when her entire body would tense, only to release and then tense again, her motions dictated by the waves of passion building inside her. As Jules reached the pinnacle of her ecstasy, her spine arched, lifting her torso from the mattress. It was an involuntary motion, a physical testament to the intensity of her sensations.

The little shakes, barely perceptible but unmistakable, painted a vivid picture of the depth of Jules' passion. Each tremor that coursed through her was like a silent exclamation, a physical manifestation of the emotional and sensory overload. The tension and release, the ebb and flow, were all there in those movements.

For Carrie, witnessing this raw, unguarded moment was both intimate and awkward. She felt a strange mixture of intrusiveness and camaraderie, knowing she was privy to such a personal experience. The visual play of Jules' pleasure, coupled with the sounds of her ecstasy, painted a vivid, emotional tableau in the hushed room.

Just as Carrie thought she would burst, a loud cry from Jules filled the room. A large sigh of relief escaped her lips as the blonde girl’s body shook and then silence fell over the room. Carrie felt like crying. She knew she should've gotten up earlier, but pride and consideration for her friend had held her in place. And now, the aftermath was a damp, warm mess in her pyjamas.

Even with the clear signal that Jules had reached her climax, a paralyzing fear gripped Carrie. The urgency and weight pressing against her bladder had reached a critical point. In her mind's eye, she could already envision the scene: standing up would act as the final trigger, and the dam she had been desperately trying to hold would crumble.

Every fiber of her being seemed to hum with the strain of the effort she had put in, and she could sense the impending release. With a resigned sigh, Carrie decided to yield to the inevitable. The first trickles felt like a gentle release — a warm stream that was both betraying her and giving her relief. It flowed past her fingers, which were still pressed against her crotch, and the sensation was one of both warmth and wetness.

The liquid quickly saturated her pajama shorts, causing them to cling to her skin. She could feel the growing wet patch around her rear, a contrasting coolness to the initial warmth. It was as if the moisture was creating a halo of its own around her, seeping steadily into the mattress beneath.

The sensation of release, contrary to the circumstances, was oddly pleasurable. After the heightened tension and the physical and emotional strain she had been through, the act of letting go was cathartic. It was akin to the sensation one feels after holding one's breath for too long and then finally taking in a lungful of air — relief and a strange, giddy sort of freedom.

The mattress beneath her absorbed the wetness, creating a damp cradle that conformed to her shape. A mixture of emotions flooded her: embarrassment, relief, and an odd sense of contentment. The room was silent except for the two of them, and the quietude seemed to echo her own internal surrender to the moment.

As the initial embarrassment subsided, Carrie carefully rose from the bed, ensuring she didn't make any noise. She tiptoed to the bathroom, cleaned up, and changed into a fresh pair of pajamas from her suitcase. She did her best to clean the sheets, thankful for the dark room that kept Jules none the wiser.

With a new determination, Carrie carefully and gently slipped out from beneath the soaked sheets, trying to minimize any rustling that might rouse Jules. The cool air of the room immediately greeted her damp skin, accentuating the wetness of her pajamas as she tiptoed towards the bathroom.

Inside, the well-lit space contrasted sharply with the dimness of the bedroom. She quickly began the process of washing her pajamas, allowing the water to run clear as she scrubbed the fabric with hotel soap. The soft hum of the faucet muffled her actions, creating a serene background noise.

As she worked, Carrie couldn't help but glance up at the large bathroom mirror. Her reflection stared back: tousled hair that had once been neatly styled was now disheveled from restless movement beneath the sheets; a face flushed with the redness of embarrassment and exertion; eyes wide and a little shell-shocked from the evening's unexpected turn of events. She glanced down at her firm, perky breasts, which seemed even more pronounced due to her posture and cringed at how exposed she felt. Tonight hadn’t gone as planned at all.

Turning on the shower, Carrie used the handheld showerhead to clean her legs, allowing the warm water to cascade down her thighs and calves, washing away the remnants of her accident. The sensation was refreshing, the warmth and pressure of the water providing a temporary reprieve from her tumultuous emotions.

Once done, she reached for one of the plush hotel towels, patting herself dry. Her reflection now displayed a more rejuvenated version of herself, despite the chaotic evening. With a newfound determination, she ventured back into the bedroom, her nude form illuminated by the soft glow from the streetlights filtering through the window. Each step she took made her bum slightly bounce, the natural motion adding a touch of whimsy to the situation.

Approaching her bed, she decided the best course of action would be to strip her own sheets, ensuring any evidence of her mishap would be neatly bundled away. The act was smooth and methodical, a practical solution to a situation she hadn’t anticipated.

Taking a moment to consider her options, and perhaps driven by a need for comfort and closeness, Carrie decided to slip into bed alongside Jules. The sheets felt cool against her bare skin as she carefully slid beside her friend.

Jules, perhaps sensing her presence or roused by the slight shift in the bed's weight, turned toward Carrie. Without a word, she sleepily draped an arm around her, pulling her close.

The warmth of their bodies mingled, and any lingering tension or embarrassment Carrie felt seemed to melt away in that simple gesture of human connection. The two women lay intertwined, finding solace in each other’s presence, a testament to the bond they shared.

The next morning, Carrie woke up early. She hastily hid her sheets in the closet for the cleaning lady to find, trying to cover any evidence of the previous night's mishap. By the time Jules stirred, the room smelled of the hotel's floral air freshener, and fresh coffee from the machine on the table.

"Good morning," Jules said with a sheepish smile.

Carrie grinned back. "Morning. Coffee?"

Jules nodded and they continued their vacation, with both of them having their own little secrets from that night, neither ever speaking of it.

*060*2023-11-09 02:49

Chapter 17: Spring Break - Part 7: Skinny Dipping in the Dark

Laura shimmied her jean shorts down her legs, highly cognizant of Andrew’s eyes on her back. She tried to make it sexy, doing her best to slow it down and make it suggestive, but her inebriation and shyness were hindering the effect. She could feel her cheeks flushing and she prayed that Andrew couldn’t see them in the soft moonlight.

Slightly off in the distance, she could hear her friends giggling and splashing around in the ocean. It had been Sarah’s idea to skinny dip and everyone had been quick to follow suit. Already, most of them were out of their clothes and in the water. Thirty feet away she could make out Carrie unclasping her bra, her boobs tumbling out and her nipples hardening in the chilly breeze. In between herself and Carrie, Laura could see their trip friend Josh struggling to get his leg out of his tan pants. Everyone was so confident, so free, and Laura couldn’t understand why she was having so much trouble emulating them.

The truth was that Andrew made her nervous. She knew it was just a Spring Break fling, that they would likely never speak again after they left the Caribbean, but she couldn’t help caring about what he thought. Andrew had been flirting with her all trip and they’d made out a few times, but he still had yet to see her naked. Laura had avoided sleeping with him most nights due to the group’s generally heavy intoxication; it had been the perfect excuse to slip away.

The truth was that she really did want him. She wanted him to fuck her in every way possible, she wanted to rake her nails along his back and she wanted him to shudder as he came inside of her. Her lust had been all consuming but it was outweighed by her fear of seeming inexperienced and naive. She had never had a boyfriend before, or even really dated a guy in her entire time in university, and she felt like she was behind her peers.

“Come on, let’s catch up to the guys,” Andrew said, watching his friends splash each other in the surf. Erika and Sarah were in their midst, shielding their breasts and giggling.

Laura took a deep breath before slipping off her bra. The black lace fell away and her average sized breasts tumbled onto display for everyone to see. She instinctively covered them up by placing a hand across her chest.

Using her free hand, the brunette began sliding her panties down to her knees, revealing her shaved slit. She shivered as the cool sea breeze kissed her genitals and she glanced over at Andrew to make sure he wasn’t staring.

The muscular guy was mid way through easing down his boxers and Laura blushed as she accidentally glanced straight at his slightly shielded dick. He peeked up at her from under his messy brown girls and smiled, noticing she was looking at him. His abs had the perfect amount of definition that Laura liked. They weren’t too aggressive but they were also still noticeable in the darkness of the beach.

“Do you like what you see?” he asked cheekily, gesturing to his nude body.

Laura smiled flirtatiously back and giggled. “You’re not so bad on the eyes, I guess.”

He stepped closer, cupping her lower back and pulling her in for a soft kiss and admiring her lithe body. Her heart fluttered at the gesture and she felt her nerves spiking, her bladder sending pangs to her brain as her stomach did a somersault.

She had needed to pee before they left the hotel room, but the thought had completely slipped her mind with the events that followed. And now, surrounded by friends and a guy she was deeply attracted to, Laura felt her bladder tighten. The salty ocean water lapping at her feet didn’t help.

“Should we join the others?” she whispered into Andrew’s ear, wanting to both distract him and hoping the water would provide some relief.

Andrew chuckled softly. “In a moment. I've waited all trip to have you alone like this,” he murmured, before leaning down to kiss her.

With every brush of his lips and gentle press of his body, Laura found her focus drifting further away from their romantic moment. With each bump and touch, she felt the pressure in her bladder intensify, her desperation becoming almost unbearable.

“Andrew…” she murmured, attempting to shift her position slightly as he accidentally pressed his thigh against her lower abdomen.

He pulled back slightly, confused. “What’s wrong?”

Laura hesitated, biting her lip. “Nothing. I just really need to pee.”

Andrew laughed softly, his cheeks reddening a little. “Why didn’t you go before?”

She sighed. “I forgot. And now with the water and...” her voice trailed off, realizing she didn’t want to ruin the moment.

Andrew's brow furrowed as he saw Laura's sudden change in demeanor. The playful, flirty look in her eyes had shifted to one of slight panic and discomfort. "Laura?" he asked, his voice filled with concern. "Are you okay?"

Laura looked into his deep-set eyes, noting the genuine worry. She put on her best reassuring smile, her voice slightly shaky, "Yeah, I'm fine. Just eager to get into the water."

But internally, Laura was wrestling with her body. She told herself she only had to hold it a bit longer. Just until she could wow Andrew with her confidence and maybe share a few intimate moments in the water.

She chanced a look down at her freshly shaved crotch, the soft moonlight illuminating her bare skin. 'Please,' she silently begged, 'just hold on a little longer.' The thought of an accident in such an intimate and vulnerable state was mortifying. All she wanted was to make it to deeper waters where she could discreetly relieve herself without drawing attention. But the journey from here to there felt as vast and challenging as crossing a desert with a bursting bladder. She took a deep breath and focused on her goal: impress Andrew, then relief.

They both started wading deeper into the water, Laura hoping that she could discreetly relieve herself without anyone noticing. But the laughter, splashes, and close proximity of their friends made her too self-conscious to let go.

The last thing she wanted was for someone to notice a warm current or for Andrew to realize what she was doing while they were kissing.

The waves were gentle around them, the cool water enveloping Laura's body and offering temporary relief to her pressing urge. The moonlight cast a soft glow on the water, and the distant chatter of their friends was drowned out by the immediate intimacy of their moment.

Andrew pulled Laura close, his lips meeting hers in a passionate embrace. His hands roamed her back, tracing lines down her spine and coming around to cup her breasts, his fingers playfully teasing her nipples, causing them to harden instantly.

Laura gasped softly into the kiss, her mind momentarily drifting from her bladder's protests. Andrew's strong hand slid lower, teasing her belly button before descending even further to her crotch. Laura's heart raced even faster, her body reacting to his touch, a mix of pleasure and panic.

As his fingers started to move rhythmically, exploring and teasing, Laura felt a wave of sensations wash over her. The combination of his touch, the cool water, and the pressing urgency made it one of the most intense and confusing experiences she'd ever had.

Trying to focus on anything else but her bladder, Laura got lost in Andrew's kisses and the feel of the waves around them. However, every accidental nudge against her bladder was becoming excruciating.

With every skilled movement of Andrew's fingers, Laura felt herself sinking deeper into a sea of pleasure. Each touch sent tingles throughout her body, causing her toes to curl and her breath to hitch. The waves echoed the rhythm of her heart, each crash against the shore mimicking her own escalating desires.

Yet, entwined with the pleasure was an ever-growing sense of dread. The pressure in her bladder, already insistent, now felt nearly unbearable. Every stroke of Andrew's fingers threatened to push her over the edge, not just in terms of pleasure, but in her ability to hold back her bladder's desperate plea for release.

Laura's mind raced. 'What if I can't hold it? What if he notices?' She tried to shift subtly, attempting to alleviate some of the pressure without pulling away from his touch. Her moans of pleasure were interspersed with quiet gasps of panic. She was so scared of peeing all over his hand as her bladder throbbed.

The thought of accidentally letting go in such a vulnerable and intimate moment was horrifying. She wrestled with the dueling sensations, desperately wanting to let herself go in one sense while holding back in another.

She finally decided to excuse herself, needing to get back to the hotel room as soon as possible before she exploded. She pulled away, pushing off of his wet chest and letting his fingers fall out of her.

“I’ll be right back,” she mumbled, turning and heading towards the shore.

“Wait, Laura!” Andrew called, but she was already on her way.

As Laura emerged from the water, her desperation intensified tenfold. With every step, the weight of her full bladder bore down on her, making her movements quick and unsteady.

As she started to jog through the soft sand, her urgency grew. She crossed the beach, making her way to the dimly lit pathway that led to the hotel. Her mind raced with thoughts of reaching her room, her desperation mounting with each step.

The soft sound of splashing from the nearby pool only heightened her urgency, a cruel reminder of the relief she so desperately sought.

The bright lights of the hotel lobby seemed stark compared to the dimly lit beach, causing her to squint momentarily. She rushed in, not caring that she was nude and leaving wet footprints on the polished marble floor. The lobby, usually a place of relaxation and chatter, now felt like a maze of obstacles as she darted past the reception desk, her only goal the sanctuary of her hotel room.

She barely noticed the surprised looks from the few guests in the lobby as they ogled her bouncing boobs as she rushed past, too consumed by her need. A large decorative plant stood in her path, and she hurtled around it, nearly tripping in her haste. With one hand, she clutched at her bare pussy, praying she could hold back the torrent threatening to escape. Every second felt like an eternity as she willed herself not to lose control before reaching the safety of her room.

Just as she was about to enter her hallway of the hotel, she felt a warm trickle down her leg. Panic flooded her as she realized she couldn’t hold it any longer.

As Laura raced through the hotel hallway, every jolt and step increased the pressure against her throbbing bladder. Then she felt it—a hot, forceful jet of pee that burst forth, hitting the palm of her hand that she had pressed desperately against her crotch. Her eyes widened in shock.

Despite her efforts to contain it, another spurt escaped, spraying onto the plush hallway carpet, leaving a dark trail as she continued to dash towards her room. Her breathing became erratic, each exhalation a mix of panic and disbelief.

With her room just within sight, her body betrayed her fully. Her bladder released in earnest, and Laura, defeated, sank to her knees, the carpet beneath her quickly becoming saturated. The warm liquid pooled around her, seeping into the fibers and leaving a spreading wet mark.

In the middle of the corridor, away from the protective darkness of the beach, Laura felt her bladder release completely, pee streaming down her legs and pooling at her feet.

The weight of the situation finally crashed down on Laura. Naked, exposed, and kneeling in her own puddle, she felt an overwhelming mix of embarrassment and despair. She let out a gut-wrenching sob, the sound echoing in the empty corridor. The moment of elation and intimacy she had experienced in the ocean now seemed a world away, replaced by this crushing moment of vulnerability.

Frozen in mortification, she looked up to find Andrew, who had followed her out of concern, staring at her in shock. Their eyes met, and she felt a hot wave of embarrassment wash over her.

“I… I’m so sorry…” she whispered, her voice breaking.

Andrew hesitated for a moment, taking in the situation. Then, with surprising gentleness, he stepped closer, offering her his shirt to wrap around herself.

“It’s okay,” he said softly. “Let’s get you cleaned up.”

Laura, still kneeling in the aftermath, felt a mixture of emotions. The raw vulnerability of the situation, combined with the lingering sensations from their intimate moments in the ocean, created an unexpected urge within her. As she glanced up, her eyes met Andrew's, who had followed her with a mix of concern and confusion.

"I don't want to get cleaned up," she stated, her voice trembling but determined, the remnants of her accident dripping down her thighs. "I want you, Andrew. I want you to take me, right here, right now."

His eyes widened in surprise, taking a moment to process her words. Then, a hint of a smile played on his lips, and an undeniable excitement sparkled in his eyes. He closed the distance between them, and in one swift move, picked her up in his strong arms. Her wet skin pressed against his, their breaths mingling as he carried her quickly to her hotel room door.

As the door shut behind them, the world outside faded, leaving only the two of them and the palpable tension of the night's events.

Though the night didn’t unfold as Laura had hoped, the romance Andrew showed her in bed would be something she'd never forget.

*061*2023-12-19 00:32

Chapter 18: The Dance Competition

Carmen was unbelievably stressed. The normally confident Hispanic girl was pacing back and forth backstage at her end of year dance performance. Months ago, this course had seemed like the perfect elective. Carmen had taken ballet lessons throughout her entire childhood and had excelled at the art form. Now, in her final year of university, she was looking to complete her degree with the most ease possible. By taking something she was good at, she figured she could spend her last semester partying and living it up before it was time to join the real world.

Unfortunately, this plan had blown up dramatically in her face. The professor, Doctor Shesterkin, was a hard ass who cared about attendance, form and commitment to her lessons. Carmen’s slacking at the start of the semester had rubbed the former ballerina the wrong way and she had taken a dislike to the Hispanic girl’s frequent absences and constant sass. As a result, every class Professor Shesterkin took the opportunity to single Carmen out for her misbehaving tendencies. Carmen had taken to defying the woman intentionally, frustrated with her targeted dislike. This provocation only caused her grade in the course to plummet until she was barely passing the course.

Unfortunately, Carmen’s final semester of university wasn’t treating her well in any regard. She was failing two of her courses and was struggling in the rest. At this rate, she desperately needed to pass her dance course to graduate on time. Even a B would be enough to salvage this semester and make it through. Unfortunately, her consistent antagonism of her professor meant that this was going to be harder to achieve than initially hoped. She needed to score above a B+ to get a B in the course and to salvage her year on this random day in the middle of March.

As she paced back and forth, the brunette hugged her slim body tightly in her pink leotard. She had spent the last week rehearsing constantly, seeking help from her housemates and friends. They had all assured her that her performance was going to be stellar; it was well choreographed and well learned. Unfortunately, Carmen was still terrified of failure. She couldn’t face her parents if she failed and had to return for one more semester. She simply HAD to succeed.

“Are you alright?” asked Lola, the kind black haired girl who had become Carmen’s closest friend in the course.

“I’m fine!” Carmen snapped back, before cringing at her own abrasive response. She didn’t mean to be cruel in response to her friend’s kindness, but the nerves were getting the better of her.

Lola stepped back meekly, her forehead wrinkled with concern. Her intense brown eyes studied Carmen, trying in vain to discern what was wrong. Carmen stood stoically on pointe, practicing her steps in her pink leotard. She refused to give off any sense of nerves to the suspicious girl.

In truth, Carmen’s adrenaline was pumping through her body incessantly. A knot of terror was balled up in the pit of her stomach and her body was overwhelmed by the fear of embarrassing herself on stage. As a result, her kidneys were going into overdrive, pumping urine into her bladder.

Two minutes before she was going to take the stage for the most important dance of her life, Carmen was overwhelmed by an oppressive urge to pee.

———

“Fuck,” Carmen swore to herself as she crossed her legs tightly from another urge to urinate, as her nervous bladder begged for relief. Scissoring back and forth in her tight outfit, Carmen was glad no one could see her. She already hated the way the leotard hugged her body, emphasizing every curve. From her voluptuous ass to her shapely tits, very little was left to the imagination and Carmen felt very exposed. She even hated the way that people could slightly make out her nipples through the thin fabric. The Hispanic girl felt very exposed.

Minutes before, Lola had walked her up the steps to her spot behind the curtain. Wishing her luck, the raven haired girl had exited and Carmen had been left alone with her thoughts. Now, as her mind raced over the worst possibilities of what could happen, she could hear her prof queuing her song of choice on the loudspeakers.

Slowly, the curtains began to slide open, revealing Carmen to her classmates. The auditorium was dark and she could barely make out their faces but she still felt her stomach do a somersault from the stage fright.

Get yourself together Carmen, she thought, steeling herself. Taking a deep breath, she stepped confidently into the centre of the stage. As the music swelled around her, Carmen stepped forth into the middle of the stage with as much confidence as she could muster. The opening beats of a Spanish flamenco played loudly, filling the room with its passionate rhythm. Carmen began to dance, her body moving in time with the music. Each step, each twirl, was executed perfectly. She was lost in the rhythm, and for a moment, everything seemed to be going smoothly.

However, the pressure in her bladder became a constant distraction. Every jump, every twirl, seemed to exacerbate the urgency of her situation. She could feel the moisture building, threatening to betray her. With each step, the sensation became more and more unbearable.

As Carmen transitioned into the next part of her dance, a particularly challenging set of pirouettes, her concentration began to waver. Each spin seemed to amplify the pressure. She tried to distract herself, to focus on the music and the steps, but her body's desperate plea for relief was overwhelming.

As Carmen danced, every leap, twirl, and pose became not just an expression of art but a battle of control. The pressure in her bladder was unbearable, and she began using her dance levels — changing from high leaps to low bends — to momentarily alleviate the discomfort. Each grand jeté was accompanied by a clench of her pelvic muscles, and each plié was a temporary reprieve, allowing her to ground herself and momentarily push back against the building urge.

Memories from a ballet class years ago flashed in her mind. She'd felt a similar desperation then. After a long rehearsal, Carmen had rushed to the restroom, fumbling frantically with her leotard. She remembered the near-panic as she tried to peel off the tight fabric in time, barely making it as she'd felt the first droplets escape. The feeling of relief then had been immense, but the memory now only intensified her current desperation.

The increasing urgency made her movements more frantic. As she executed a series of arabesques, small spurts began to escape, causing her to cringe. Carmen could feel the dampness against her skin, and the thought of her underwear discoloring from the moisture filled her with dread. She attempted to use this thought as motivation, pushing her to dance more fiercely, hoping to distract herself from the impending disaster.

Each movement became a double-edged sword. While her leaps and turns were momentarily liberating, the landing often forced small releases, dampening her panties further. She tried to incorporate more ground moves, hoping to use the pressure against the floor as a means to suppress her bladder's demands.

But as the dance went on and the strain increased, Carmen's thoughts became more scattered. All she could think of was the mounting pressure, the dampness of her underwear, and the sheer embarrassment of what might happen next. The dance floor became both her stage and her battlefield.

Doctor Shesterkin was an imposing figure, known for her high standards and no-nonsense approach to teaching. Her piercing blue eyes seemed to take in everything, missing no detail. Today, those eyes were fixed on Carmen with a steely, unwavering intensity.

As Carmen danced, she could feel the weight of Shesterkin's gaze. It felt as if those eyes were scrutinizing her every move, studying her form, assessing her performance. But as Carmen's desperation increased and her concentration wavered, she caught the professor's eyes briefly drifting downwards, towards her crotch.

A jolt of panic ran through Carmen. Could Doctor Shesterkin see? Had she noticed the damp patches on her leotard, or worse, the slight discoloration of her underwear beneath? The thought filled Carmen with a mix of dread and embarrassment. She tried to push the thoughts away, focusing on her dance, but the fear lingered. Every move, every leap, was now not only a battle against her bladder but also against the paralyzing fear of being caught out.

Carmen's heart raced as she executed her moves, acutely aware of the professor's observing eyes. She tried to adjust her positions, hoping to obscure any noticeable wetness, but she couldn't shake off the paranoia that Doctor Shesterkin was aware of her predicament.

The combination of the physical desperation and the mental strain of being under such intense scrutiny was overwhelming. Carmen felt trapped, caught in a spotlight of judgment, and every tiny leak felt like a massive betrayal. All she could hope for was to finish the performance with some semblance of dignity intact.

Carmen, usually the epitome of grace, was visibly frazzled. Her dark hair, which had started the performance neatly pulled back into a bun, had stray wisps now clinging to her forehead and neck due to the sweat and intensity. Her skin, usually a radiant olive tone, was now flushed with patches of red from the combination of exertion and embarrassment.

She wore a delicate pink leotard which contrasted starkly against her skin. Its form-fitting design showcased her athletic, dancer’s physique. The leotard was constructed from a blend of soft fabrics that shimmered under the stage lights, and its high cut on the hips accentuated the length of her legs. The thin fabric clung to her body, emphasizing her toned abdominal muscles and the graceful curve of her spine.

As she danced, the leotard was unfortunately becoming the canvas for her discomfort. A darkened spot had started forming at her crotch, initially faint but growing more pronounced as the performance continued. The moisture spread slowly, with every desperate movement marking its progression.

Her well-defined glutes moved rhythmically to the music. The leotard, being snug, left little to the imagination, tracing the contours of her butt with each twirl and leap. As for her chest, the leotard's fabric stretched taut across her breasts, moving up and down subtly in sync with her breath and the choreography's demands. The shape and motion were an inadvertent testament to the intensity and passion she put into her dance, even in her distressed state.

As the intensity of the music and her desperation increased in tandem, Carmen's mind couldn't help but flash back to that harrowing day in her teens. She vividly remembered the frantic race to the restroom, the clumsy and rushed fumbling with the tight fabric of her leotard. The memory was clear: her fingers, slick with sweat, had struggled to grip the material, making each second feel like an eternity. It had been a close call then, the sensation of near release juxtaposed with the sweet relief of finally making it just in time.

But now, here on this stage, the stakes were much higher. The realization began to dawn on Carmen that the situation might not end as favorably as it had all those years ago. Every movement, every extension and spin, exacerbated the oppressive feeling of fullness.

With the intensity of the dance and the unforgiving nature of the leotard’s design, she knew removing it in a hurry would be even more challenging.

Her confidence, once her shield against adversity, began to wane. Carmen felt a sinking sensation, not just in her heart but in her very core. The pressure in her bladder felt like a heavy weight, relentless and demanding. The feeling in her nethers was one of impending doom, a dam about to break.

The sharp contrast between her professional training and her current vulnerability was jarring. Carmen had been trained to exude grace under pressure, but this was a different kind of pressure, one she was unprepared for.

The rising panic, combined with the relentless urge, made her steps falter, and her usually poised demeanor began to crack. Carmen's world narrowed down to the desperate need for relief and the terrifying reality that she might not find it in time.

Carmen now seemed like a mere shadow of her usual self. Gone was the self-assured grin that often graced her lips, replaced by a look of sheer desperation. The cocky swagger, which was a hallmark of Carmen’s approach both on and off the dance floor, had been replaced by cautious, measured steps. Her eyes, typically bright with mischief and challenge, now darted around anxiously, searching for a way out of her predicament.

The audience, unaware of her internal struggle, could still sense a change. Carmen's movements lacked their usual flair and spontaneity. There was a hesitance, a restraint that was not characteristic of her performances.

As Carmen tried her best to maintain composure, her body began to betray her further. What started as occasional, almost imperceptible spurts became more frequent, each one longer than the last. The dam was showing cracks, and the spurts began to merge into a slow, uncontrollable trickle. This continuous leakage was a cruel reminder of her waning control. The wet spot on her leotard darkened and expanded with each passing second, making it even harder for her to focus on her dance.

Her once defiant attitude was crumbling, replaced by an all-consuming need to maintain her dignity in front of an audience and, most importantly, her stern professor. The Carmen everyone knew seemed to be fading, leaving behind a vulnerable young woman in the throes of an unexpected crisis.

Midway through a series of fouetté turns, Carmen felt a warmth spreading. The leotard darkened visibly around her thighs and crotch area. As the dance continued, the damp patch grew, soaking through the fabric and trailing down her legs. The audience watched in shocked silence. Carmen's face turned a deep shade of red, her eyes filling with tears.

The relentless pressure in Carmen's bladder reached had a climax that even her strongest determination couldn't fend off any longer. The mounting urgency caused her pelvic muscles, which she had been clenching with all her might, to suddenly and unexpectedly give way.

A sharp gasp escaped Carmen's lips as she felt the initial rush. Pee began forcefully spraying through the fabric of her leotard, transforming the once delicate material into a drenched canvas. The fine fabric was no match for the torrential outpouring, allowing streams of urine to shoot through, misting and splattering across the stage.

The wetness quickly spread, seeping down her legs and pooling around her feet. The stage's reflective surface only amplified the situation, with puddles forming rapidly and reflecting the harsh overhead lights. Each move she made caused splashes and ripples, leaving wet trails as undeniable evidence of her loss of control.

The shock on Carmen's face was palpable. She had always prided herself on her control — control over her body, her emotions, and her performances. But in this singular, horrifying moment, her body had utterly failed her. The disbelief was evident in her widened eyes and open mouth, as she tried to process the reality of what was happening.

Time seemed to slow for Carmen. Each second felt drawn out as she was hyper-aware of every drop, every splash, and every ripple. The sensation of the warm wetness against her skin and the weight of her now-soaked leotard were inescapable reminders of her vulnerability and the failure of the muscles she had so diligently trained.

Stopping abruptly, Carmen stood still, the spotlight harshly illuminating her soiled leotard. The room was so quiet you could hear a pin drop. Carmen's eyes darted around the room, desperately searching for a familiar face or a way out. Her gaze landed on Professor Shesterkin, whose face was a mix of shock and pity.

The very concept of losing control in public was alien to Carmen. Her pride, her reputation, her self-image – all revolved around her being in command, of her emotions, her body, and her surroundings. To have this happen, on stage no less, was something she had never even allowed herself to entertain as a remote possibility.

University life had its challenges and unexpected incidents, but they had always occurred in the safety of her private space. She remembered, with a twinge of discomfort, the unfortunate house party when, after a particularly large amount of drinks, anal sex and ignoring the growing pressure in her bowels, she had found herself racing to the bathroom. Just inches from the toilet, her body had betrayed her, and she'd pooped herself. The embarrassment had been acute, even if only some of her housemates had been there to witness it. The secrecy of the moment and the solitude of her own space had offered her some consolation.

Another memory emerged, a night after indulging in some recreational drugs at a party. Her sense of time had been distorted, and she hadn't realized how pressing her need to pee had become until it was too late. Lost in the haze of the substance and the craziness of New York City, she'd ended up wetting herself. Though it was a personal low, it had still been a relatively private one. She had been able to retreat to her hotel room, change, and deal with the incident on her own terms.

But this – this public display of vulnerability – was on an entirely different level. Carmen felt exposed in a way she had never experienced before. The very public nature of this accident, paired with memories of past, private failures, intensified her feelings of disbelief and mortification.

The audience's initial reaction was one of stunned silence. Their collective gaze was fixated on Carmen, as the reality of what was unfolding slowly sank in.

Whispers began to fill the auditorium. Some audience members exchanged wide-eyed, disbelieving glances with their neighbors, while others lowered their heads, trying to mask their discomfort or second-hand embarrassment. The room was thick with a mix of shock, sympathy, and awkwardness.

A few spectators, particularly those familiar with the pressures of live performances, wore expressions of deep empathy. They understood that the human body could be unpredictable and, even under the best circumstances, things could go awry.

On the other hand, there were some who couldn't suppress their gasps or muffled giggles. For them, the spectacle was unexpected, and they responded with the typical human mix of discomfort and curiosity.

Some students, especially those who knew Carmen personally, were visibly concerned. Their faces mirrored the distress they felt for their friend and fellow performer, knowing the weight of the embarrassment she must have been feeling.

A few parents, attending in support of their children, exchanged concerned glances, while others tried to divert the attention of their younger companions, shielding them from the scene.

Throughout it all, there was an undeniable air of discomfort. Regardless of their individual reactions, everyone in the room was acutely aware that they had just witnessed a deeply personal and vulnerable moment.

With a choked sob, Carmen fled the stage, leaving behind a stunned audience. As the curtain hastily closed, whispers filled the room.

Lola, along with a few other classmates, rushed backstage to comfort their distraught friend. "It's okay," Lola whispered, holding Carmen close as she cried. "It happens to the best of us."

But Carmen could only think of her ruined chances at a passing grade, the embarrassing memory forever etched in her mind.

———

In the dim backstage bathroom, the reality of what had just occurred began to set in for Carmen. The dampness of her leotard against her skin was a cold, cruel reminder of her ordeal. As she frantically wiped her legs with rough toilet paper, the gravity of the situation weighed heavily on her heart.

The recital wasn't just a performance; it was her ticket out of university. A failing grade here could very well mean an extra semester or even a year, an outcome she hadn't even considered as a possible reality before today. The mental image of having to face her peers, professors, and even worse, her parents, with the news was gut-wrenching.

The flood of emotions was nearly too much to handle: shame, frustration, regret, and a profound sense of loss. She had worked so hard, had overcome so many challenges to get to this point, and now, in one unfortunate moment, it seemed as though her dreams had been washed away.

Tears formed in her eyes, causing her mascara to streak down her cheeks, leaving dark, jagged lines. The mirror reflected a broken, vulnerable version of Carmen, a stark contrast to the confident dancer that had taken the stage earlier.

With trembling hands, she began to peel off her sodden leotard. The cool air of the bathroom made her shiver as she pulled the wet fabric away from her body. As the leotard slid down, her breasts were briefly freed, bouncing slightly before she hastily covered herself, feeling more exposed than ever.

Carmen paused for a moment, examining her nude, dampened lower body in the mirror. The sight was another sharp reminder of her loss of control.

A mix of anger and despair coursed through her. How had it come to this? In her most crucial moment, her body had betrayed her, and now she was left to pick up the pieces of her shattered confidence and hopes for the future.

*063*2024-01-04 14:21

{{On 12/25/2023 at 1:09 PM, asdiddd said:

Will Ronnie have a poop accident？

}}

Ronnie still hasn’t had an accident of any kind… Is that something you’d be interested in seeing?

*067*2024-01-05 14:39

{{23 hours ago, JayJLor said:

Yes

}}

{{1 hour ago, Shaggydog said:

Very much so, yes

}}

Please feel free to drop suggestions for anything else you would like to see happen in the story. I have another 5 or so chapters planned, so let me know if you have any preferences.

*069*2024-01-10 15:23

{{On 1/8/2024 at 9:28 AM, Cojiro said:

I don’t think Jules has pooped yet either? I’d love to see her going in some way (accident or otherwise). I’d love to have Victoria back as well.

}}

Jules pooping herself is certainly in the cards, although she won’t have a focus in the next couple of stories.

Victoria will likely be seen again in some capacity, but not likely as a huge focal point. I do have a spin-off thought up in my head centered on her and April. Let me know if that’s something any of you would be interested in.

*072*2024-01-13 01:30

{{1 hour ago, JayJLor said:

Will Laura piss and poop herself again?

}}

Yes, stay tuned for the chapter after the next...

*073*2024-01-30 17:10

Chapter 19: Good Vibrations

On a perfect spring day, the sun bathed Greatwestern University's Main Street in a warm, golden glow. Sarah, a slim wasian girl with a contagious smile, strolled alongside her tall, blonde, and statuesque best friend, Ronnie. As they meandered down the bustling street, laughter danced in the air, echoing the carefree spirit of the season.

Ronnie, with a mischievous glint in her blue eyes, couldn't resist teasing Sarah about her secret relationship with Carrie, their petite Italian friend. "So, Sarah, any secret rendezvous with Carrie lately?" she quipped, nudging her friend playfully.

Sarah, blushing but not missing a beat, retorted, "Oh, please! You and your wild imagination, Ronnie. Carrie and I are just close friends." Her response was accompanied by an eye roll, a trademark move when she found herself caught in the teasing crossfire.

As they passed trendy boutiques and charming cafes, the girls couldn't help but window-shop. Sarah rocked a floral sundress that mirrored the blossoms in full bloom, while Ronnie sported a chic ensemble of high-waisted jeans and a vintage band tee. Their styles, though distinct, complemented each other effortlessly.

Ronnie, a relentless instigator, continued her banter. "Come on, Sarah, you can't fool me. I've seen the way you two exchange glances in class. It's practically a rom-com waiting to happen, especially after that incident back on Valentine’s Day.”

Sarah chuckled, choosing to play along. "Well, if it's a rom-com, you're definitely the quirky best friend character who's always meddling in others' love lives."

Their banter carried them past an eclectic array of shops, from quaint bookstores to vibrant art galleries. The aroma of freshly brewed coffee wafted from a corner cafe, enticing them to stop for a quick caffeine fix.

As they sipped their drinks, Ronnie couldn't resist pushing the teasing further. "Imagine the headline: 'Greatwestern Love Triangle Revealed! Sarah, Carrie, and the Blonde Mischief-Maker.'"

Sarah, rolling her eyes again, laughed, "You watch too many movies, Ronnie. Our lives are not some screenplay." Yet, the playful glint in her eyes betrayed a hint of amusement at the absurd scenario her friend painted.

The sun continued its path across the sky, casting long shadows on the cobblestone street. As the day unfolded, the inseparable duo strolled through the heart of their university town, enjoying the warmth of the sun, the lively banter, and the promise of more perfect days ahead.

Sarah suddenly noticed they had reached a stretch of town that she’d always been curious about, that definitely catered to the university student themselves. They passed the vape shop, where Sarah knew her housemate Carmen loved to visit and buy the latest flavours. Tucked in next to it was a tattoo parlour that was open late every night, and on its right was a sex shop.

Sarah had never been in the sex shop but her curiosity had always wondered what the interior looked like. The neon sign beckoned in a provocative glow, casting an alluring ambiance on the otherwise unassuming street. Each letter shimmered in a seductive shade of ruby red, outlined with a pulsating, subtle pink hue that hinted at mystery. The bold script, curvaceous and playful, seemed to tease passersby with the promise of exploration and excitement.

The word "Passion" arched above the entrance, its letters adorned with a sparkling effect, as if dusted with a subtle layer of stardust. The glittering sign, strategically placed in the storefront's window, created a dazzling spectacle that both intrigued and captivated those who dared to glance its way.

Beneath the luminous script, a series of discreet symbols and silhouettes hinted at the range of offerings within. Delicate outlines of feathers, handcuffs, and other suggestive shapes contributed to the subtle yet unmistakable allure of the establishment. The overall effect was one of tasteful sensuality, designed to pique curiosity without crossing into vulgarity.

The ambiance created by the glittering sign suggested a realm of desire and intimacy waiting to be explored, discreetly tucked away in the heart of the city's allure.

“Want to go in?” Ronnie asked, smirking at her brunette friend as if she’d read her mind. “You seem to be intrigued”

Sarah flushed as red as a tomato before nodding that she did. She and Ronnie had been friends long enough that there was no judgment between them. Back in first year, when they had shared a room in dorms, Sarah had accidentally found Ronnie’s big purple vibrator that she had nicknamed Mr Moans. Although initially embarrassed, Ronnie had quickly opened up about her sex life and the two had maintained a healthy low boundary friendship ever since.

Ronnie and Sarah, fueled by a mix of curiosity and playful daring, stepped through the discreet entrance of the sex shop, the chime of a delicate bell signaling their arrival. The interior greeted them with a subtle blend of dim lighting and a hint of incense, creating an atmosphere that was both sensual and inviting.

The walls, adorned with deep burgundy velvet drapes, created an intimate cocoon around the space. Soft, ambient lighting emanated from strategically placed lamps, casting a warm glow over the myriad shelves and displays. The air carried a subtle scent of vanilla, adding a touch of sweetness to the otherwise sultry ambiance.

As Ronnie and Sarah ventured further, they discovered an array of discreetly arranged sections. Velvet-lined displays showcased an assortment of lingerie in various hues, from daring reds to elegant blacks. Delicate lace and silk garments beckoned from their perches, inviting exploration with a promise of allure.

The shop's shelves held an eclectic collection of adult toys, each displayed with meticulous attention to detail. Vibrant colors and sleek designs created an atmosphere of modern sensuality. The background music, a sultry melody that played at a volume just loud enough for intimacy, added to the overall experience.

In a corner, a tasteful selection of sensual literature nestled on a vintage bookshelf, offering a literary escape for those seeking to explore desire through prose. The ambiance, though bold in theme, maintained an air of sophistication, steering clear of any overtly explicit displays.

As Ronnie and Sarah moved through the aisles, they exchanged amused glances, the novelty of their surroundings adding an element of excitement to their adventure. The sex shop, far from being a seedy stereotype, unfolded as a space that celebrated intimacy with class and a touch of playfulness, leaving the two friends both intrigued and entertained.

“So you and Jackson are really done?” Ronnie asked as she flipped through an explicit magazine, ogling the various codpieces.

Sarah heaved a sigh of frustratio as she opened up to Ronnie about why her relationship with Jackson had fizzled out. "You know, Ronnie, it's like he never really made an effort. At first, he was so into spending time with me, but after his trip down south, everything changed."

Her eyes reflected a mix of disappointment and realization. "Before, he used to text me every day, sharing his thoughts and asking about mine. But gradually, those messages became dry, lacking the warmth and enthusiasm they once had. It was as if he lost interest."

Leaning in, Sarah continued, "I tried talking to him about it, expressing how I missed the connection we used to have. Yet, it felt like my words fell on deaf ears. He was always busy, always had an excuse. It became evident that he wasn't willing to invest time or effort into our relationship anymore."

A sense of sadness lingered in her voice as she admitted, "I've been holding onto this for so long, Ronnie, hoping things would improve. But I can't keep investing in someone who doesn't reciprocate. It's tough because I genuinely cared for him, but it feels like I'm the only one trying to keep our connection alive."

Ronnie, offering a sympathetic nod, listened as Sarah contemplated the difficult decision. "I think it might be time to end it, as much as it hurts. I deserve someone who values our connection, who's willing to put in the effort and time. It's just hard to let go of something you once thought would last."

Ronnie, ever perceptive, leaned in and asked gently, "Sarah, I can't help but notice that your change of heart coincides with Carrie's feelings for you becoming more obvious. Is there a connection there?"

Sarah, caught off guard, felt her cheeks flush with a mix of surprise and embarrassment. "I, uh... I mean, Ronnie, it's not about Carrie. Our friendship is different, you know that. It's just that with Jackson, things weren't working out, and I can't help but wonder if there's something more meaningful out there."

Ronnie, with a playful twinkle in her eye, teased, "Come on, Sarah, spill the tea. Carrie's not exactly subtle about her feelings, and I've seen the way you two interact."

Flustered, Sarah stammered, "Ronnie, seriously, it's not like that. Carrie and I are just really close friends. This is about me realizing what I want in a relationship, and unfortunately, Jackson wasn't meeting those needs."

Ronnie, ever the supportive friend, softened her tone. "Hey, I just want you to be happy. If it's not with Jackson and it's not with Carrie, then it's someone else who appreciates the amazing person you are."

As they continued their conversation, Sarah couldn't shake the feeling that perhaps Ronnie's teasing had struck a nerve, leaving her to ponder the complexities of her emotions and the shifting dynamics around her.

As Sarah browsed the enticing shelves of the sex shop, her eyes were drawn to a discreetly displayed pair of vibrating panties. Delicate lace adorned the edges, and a discreet remote promised a thrilling secret. Intrigued, Sarah couldn't help but imagine the playful possibilities.

"Ronnie, look at these!" she exclaimed, holding up the enticing lingerie. "I've heard about these vibrating panties – imagine the fun we could have with these!"

Ronnie, her eyes widening with a mischievous glint, took a moment to process Sarah's find. "Oh, wow, those are... bold. Are you sure about this, Sarah?"

With a playful grin, Sarah replied, "Why not? It could add a little excitement, don't you think? Imagine the surprise factor." She couldn't help but laugh at the potential for adventurous moments.

After a moment's consideration, Ronnie chuckled, "Alright, let's do it. Spice things up a bit. It's not every day you get to buy vibrating panties with your best friend."

The duo shared a laugh as they approached the counter to make their purchase. The cashier, with a knowing smile, discreetly rang up the item, placing it in a sleek bag.

As they exited the sex shop, Sarah and Ronnie couldn't contain their laughter and excitement. The vibrating panties nestled in the bag held the promise of a new level of playfulness in their friendship, adding a touch of daring fun to their lives.

——-

Sarah and Ronnie, their laughter echoing from the sex shop escapade, arrived at The Turtle's Tower, a cozy coffee shop with a distinctive turtle-themed decor. The aroma of freshly brewed coffee wafted through the air, inviting patrons to linger in the warm, welcoming ambiance.

As they entered, the gentle chime of a small brass bell announced their arrival. The walls were adorned with whimsical turtle paintings, and the comfortable mismatched furniture created an atmosphere that was both eclectic and charming. Soft jazz music played in the background, adding to the laid-back vibe of the place.

Their friends from class, Deirdre and Nadine, were already seated at a corner table, engrossed in lively conversation. Deirdre, a petite ginger with an infectious smile, waved enthusiastically when she spotted Sarah and Ronnie. Nadine, a brown girl with sleek black hair, looked up from her notebook, offering a warm greeting.

"Hey, you two! Finally made it," Deirdre exclaimed, pulling out a chair for Sarah. "We've been diving into the mysteries of our last assignment. Nadine here has cracked the code, I swear!"

Nadine chuckled, her eyes gleaming with a mix of pride and amusement. "Just a little detective work. You know me."

The group settled in, the aroma of freshly brewed coffee mingling with their laughter and animated conversation. The Turtle's Tower, with its cozy ambiance and quirky turtle-themed decor, provided the perfect backdrop for their gathering—a place where friendship and caffeine could flourish in harmony.

Sarah excused herself from the lively coffee shop chatter, making her way toward the restroom with a subtle grin on her face. Once inside the private sanctuary, she couldn't help but appreciate the clean and modern design of the space. The gentle hum of ambient music provided a discreet backdrop to her brief escape.

As she relieved herself in the pristine toilet, her thoughts briefly shifted to the purchase from the sex shop. The naughty part of her brain whispered enticing possibilities. With an impish smile, she reasoned, "Why not now? It's a private moment, and I could use a little excitement."

Her curiosity getting the better of her, Sarah retrieved the discreetly packaged vibrating panties from her bag. With a mixture of thrill and amusement, she slipped them on, marveling at the lace against her skin. The remote, small and inconspicuous, found its place in her pocket.

As she returned to the coffee shop table, a newfound sense of mischief danced in her eyes. Sarah rejoined her friends, keeping the delightful secret to herself, ready to add a playful spark to the remainder of their coffee shop rendezvous.

The group delved back into their studying, scattered textbooks and notebooks adorning the table like a haphazard library. As Sarah joined the academic fervor, she discreetly adjusted the settings on her vibrating panties, savoring the hidden thrill that surged through her.

With each subtle increase, a suppressed gasp threatened to escape, and she found it increasingly challenging to concentrate on the textbooks before her. The coffee shop's ambient noise became a merciful cover for the subtle hum emanating from her secret purchase.

Despite her best efforts to remain composed, a mischievous twinkle in her eye betrayed the growing pleasure she was experiencing. Ronnie, Deirdre, and Nadine, engrossed in their studies, remained oblivious to Sarah's covert escapade.

As the vibrations escalated, Sarah's attempts to focus on her notes became a delicate balancing act. She masked any visible reactions with practiced ease, concealing the building intensity of the sensations she was experiencing.

The Turtle's Tower, once a backdrop for academic endeavors, now harbored a clandestine undercurrent of playful mischief. Sarah, caught between the realms of academia and exhilaration, persevered with her studies, determined to maintain the charade for the sake of her friends' concentration.

Amidst the focused atmosphere of studying, Deirdre, with a mischievous glint in her eye, posed a challenging question to Sarah. "Hey, Sarah, mind tackling this one? It's a bit tricky."

As Sarah listened to the complex query, waves of pleasure from the vibrating panties intensified, making it increasingly difficult to concentrate. Determined not to let on, she replied, "Oh, that one? It's... um, not as complicated as it seems. Let me break it down for you."

As they engaged in academic banter, Sarah discreetly reached into her bag, desperately searching for the remote. Her fingers fumbled among notebooks and pens, struggling to find the elusive device that controlled the increasingly insistent vibrations.

Deirdre, sensing Sarah's distraction, raised an eyebrow. "You okay there, Sarah? You seem a bit off."

With a forced smile, Sarah chuckled, "Yeah, just lost in thought. Now, back to the question..."

The vibrations, however, showed no mercy, rendering Sarah's attempt to concentrate futile. Panic set in as she realized the remote remained elusive in the depths of her bag. Each attempt to find it only seemed to intensify the sensations.

As Deirdre pressed for an answer, Sarah's composure wavered. Her attempts at banter turned into a delicate dance of suppressing pleasure, the academic challenge now competing with the covert sensations that threatened to unravel her carefully maintained facade.

Despite Sarah's valiant effort to maintain composure, the escalating sensations pushed her to the brink. Gasps and subtle moans involuntarily escaped her lips as she navigated her way through Deirdre's question, the struggle evident in her flushed face.

Ronnie, attuned to Sarah's predicament, caught on to the situation. Recognizing the need for discretion, she subtly leaned in and whispered, "You okay there, Sarah? Need a hand with that question?"

With a grateful nod, Sarah continued to answer Deirdre's question, Ronnie skillfully covering for her friend's unusual vocal cues by contributing to the academic banter. Their unspoken understanding transformed the situation into a clandestine operation, maintaining the illusion of a spirited intellectual discussion.

As Deirdre and Nadine remained engrossed in the academic dialogue, Ronnie exchanged a knowing look with Sarah, silently acknowledging their collaborative effort to keep the secret under wraps. The coffee shop, now a backdrop for covert camaraderie, echoed with shared laughter and the shared delight of friendship, adding an unexpected twist to their academic escapade.

In a hushed whisper, Ronnie leaned in, her eyes betraying both curiosity and concern. "Okay, spill. Why did you turn on the panties? What's happening?"

Sarah, her face flushed with a mix of embarrassment and arousal, stammered in a hushed tone, "I-I didn't mean to! It's just... I can't find the remote, and the settings keep increasing. It's getting intense, Ronnie!"

Understanding the urgency in Sarah's voice, Ronnie's eyes widened. "Oh, wow. Okay, we need to find that remote, like, now. Where is it in your bag?"

With a mixture of desperation and bashfulness, Sarah replied, "I don't know! It's somewhere in there. If we don't find it soon, I'm... I'm going to climax, and that would be beyond awkward in a coffee shop!"

The urgency of the situation propelled Ronnie into action. Both friends, now covertly rummaging through Sarah's bag, engaged in a discreet yet frantic search for the elusive remote. The coffee shop, oblivious to the clandestine mission unfolding at the corner table, continued its tranquil facade as the two friends navigated the unexpected twist in their day.

As the unexpected situation unfolded, Sarah couldn't help but feel the increasing urgency to use the restroom. Breaking the seal when she put on the vibrating panties turned out to be an unintentional oversight, and now the constant pulsing only exacerbated the sensation.

Engaged in conversation with Deirdre and Nadine while Ronnie continued her desperate search, Sarah felt the dual challenge of suppressing both the growing urge to pee and the escalating pleasure. With each passing moment, the need to find relief intensified, creating a discreet yet pressing predicament.

Attempting to maintain normalcy, Sarah contributed to the conversation with strained composure. However, the relentless pulses made it increasingly difficult to focus on anything else. The coffee shop's cozy ambiance and ambient chatter offered a thin veil, behind which Sarah grappled with her heightened need for a restroom break.

As the search for the elusive remote continued, Sarah's growing urge to pee added an additional layer of complexity to their covert operation. The Turtle's Tower, once a refuge for studying and camaraderie, now harbored a secret struggle, where the line between pleasure and discomfort blurred in unexpected ways.

Deirdre flipped through her textbook, her brow furrowed in concentration. "Okay, so if we analyze this theory from a socio-cultural perspective, what do you think, Sarah?"

Sarah, attempting to maintain focus while fighting off both the urge to pee and the imminent climax, replied, "Um, yeah, I agree. The socio-cultural aspect is crucial here. It's just that..."

Nadine, engrossed in her notes, chimed in, "Exactly! The socio-cultural lens sheds light on the nuances we might overlook."

Sarah, her voice a bit strained, continued, "Right, nuances. It's just... uh, the nuances of this theory are intricate, and we need to delve deeper into..."

Deirdre, engrossed in the academic discussion, pressed on, "And if we consider the historical context, it adds another layer of complexity. Don't you think, Sarah?"

Sarah, beads of sweat forming on her forehead as the vibrations persisted, managed a nod. "Absolutely, historical context is crucial. It's just that sometimes, you know, the layers can be overwhelming, and we might need to take a closer look at..."

Nadine, flipping through her notebook, added, "Maybe examining case studies could help us unpack these layers more effectively."

Sarah, a bit flustered now, replied, "Yeah, case studies, definitely. It's just that sometimes... um, we might need a break to, you know, digest all this information and..."

Deirdre, with a determined glint, suggested, "Maybe we could grab another round of coffee. That usually helps us recharge and refocus."

Sarah, torn between the growing urgency to pee and the secret intensity building within her, managed a strained smile. "Sure, coffee sounds great. Let's take a break, recharge, and tackle this socio-cultural puzzle together."

Deirdre, determined to keep the academic momentum going, confidently approached the counter to place the order for all four of them. "I'll have an Americano for me, a cappuccino for Nadine, a latte for Ronnie, and an extra-large coffee for Sarah. We need the caffeine boost for this brainstorming session!"

As Deirdre relayed the order, Sarah cringed internally at the thought of an extra-large coffee. The urgency to pee intensified, and she subtly shifted in her chair, attempting to find relief from the dual challenge of her near-climax and the growing pressure in her bladder.

With the vibrations persisting, Sarah couldn't help but shiver, the conflicting sensations adding an unpredictable layer to her discomfort. The coffee shop, seemingly oblivious to the covert struggle at their corner table, continued its rhythmic cadence of steaming espresso machines and hushed conversations.

Meanwhile, Ronnie, now nearly at the bottom of Sarah's bag, continued her determined search for the elusive remote. Papers, pens, and miscellaneous items were scattered on the table, but the sought-after device remained elusive. Ronnie's focused effort reflected the shared determination to resolve the unexpected twists of their coffee shop rendezvous.

After a thorough search through the depths of Sarah's bag, Ronnie's determined fingers finally closed around the elusive remote. With a triumphant grin, she pulled it out, the key to ending Sarah's escalating predicament.

As Ronnie deftly navigated the remote's controls, Sarah's relief was palpable. The vibrations that had pushed her to the brink began to subside, allowing her to avoid the impending climax. Simultaneously, the urgent need to pee gradually eased, granting her a moment of respite.

With the vibrations now set to a low, more manageable intensity, Sarah couldn't help but feel a dull, lingering pleasure against her nethers. The once overwhelming sensations transformed into a subtle undercurrent, a secret shared only between her and Ronnie in the midst of the coffee shop's oblivious ambiance.

Ronnie, catching Sarah's eye, offered a playful wink, silently conveying that she had successfully navigated the unexpected twists of their day. The Turtle's Tower, still wrapped in the comforting scent of coffee and the gentle hum of conversation, carried the echoes of their shared adventure, now veiled in secrecy and amusement.

———

An hour later, the lingering effects of the extra-large cup of coffee manifested in Sarah, who found herself desperately in need of a visit to the restroom. The once productive study session had morphed into a test of endurance as Sarah fidgeted in her seat, subtly shifting her weight to alleviate the pressure building within.

Despite the earlier mishaps and covert struggles, the four girls had managed to redirect their focus to the academic task at hand. Productive discussions and shared insights filled the air, the coffee shop once again a haven for scholarly endeavors.

However, as the effects of the caffeine took their toll on Sarah's bladder, the urgency to find relief became increasingly evident. Her attempts to concentrate on the academic discourse were punctuated by the occasional squirm and involuntary glances toward the restroom.

Deirdre, noticing Sarah's discomfort, suggested a break. "How about we take a quick pause and reconvene after a restroom break? I could use a breather too."

Relieved at the prospect, Sarah seized the opportunity to excuse herself, her urgency now undeniable. The Turtle's Tower, witness to the highs and lows of their day, stood resilient as Sarah hastened toward the restroom, finally able to address the pressing matter that had lingered since the ill-fated extra-large coffee.

As Sarah hurried toward the restroom, she was met with a disheartening discovery – a sign declaring the bathroom out of order. A wave of frustration washed over her, the urgency to relieve herself now compounded by the uncooperative facilities.

Discreetly signaling her friends about the bathroom situation, Sarah reluctantly joined the decision to call it a day. The four girls gathered their belongings, said their goodbyes, and packed up, the coffee shop becoming a backdrop for farewells and lingering laughter.

Once outside, Ronnie and Sarah embarked on their walk home. Ronnie, mischief in her eyes, couldn't resist fiddling with the remote again. As they strolled down the familiar streets, the vibrations resumed, albeit at a more subtle setting.

With each step, Sarah found herself caught in a pee dance, the urgency to find a restroom now even more pressing. She shot Ronnie a pleading look, silently begging her to cease the playful antics. The walk home, a blend of laughter and desperation, unfolded with the promise of relief waiting at the end of the journey.

"Sar, you can't be serious about this!" Ronnie teased, a mischievous glint in her eyes as she subtly increased the remote's setting.

"Ronnie, please, not now!" Sarah pleaded, her urgency apparent as she squirmed, trying to maintain composure.

"Oh, come on, live a little! It's just a bit of fun," Ronnie grinned, turning the settings up another notch.

"Ronnie, I swear, if you don't stop, I'll—"

"You'll what? Pee your sundress?" Ronnie interjected, a teasing smirk playing on her lips.

Sarah, now on the brink of desperation, retorted, "Exactly! I'm not joking. I can't believe you're pushing this. I'm going to burst!"

Ronnie, enjoying the banter, continued to playfully toy with the remote. "Come on, it's all in good fun. Just a little experiment."

"Experiment? Ronnie, this is a disaster waiting to happen!" Sarah, now in full-on pee dance mode, couldn't conceal the strain in her voice.

The back-and-forth banter continued as Sarah's urgency heightened, the playful teasing escalating along with the vibrations. The walk home, initially filled with laughter, now carried the undertones of a comedic struggle between Sarah's desperation and Ronnie's mischievous insistence.

As Ronnie continued her playful antics with the remote, Sarah's desperation escalated to panic. The sensations against her crotch, once a source of amusement, now became an overwhelming force. Pleasure and urgency collided, and Sarah's mind grew fuzzy from the intensity of conflicting sensations.

The fullness in her bladder reached a point of no return, each step causing a sloshing sensation that intensified the urgency. Sarah, now in the throes of desperation, found herself involuntarily scissoring her legs, attempting to suppress the impending release.

As they turned onto a quiet residential road, Sarah's panic reached its peak. Desperation etched across her face, she jammed a hand against her underwear, attempting to apply pressure and stave off the inevitable. The once-playful banter had transformed into a race against time, with Sarah desperately navigating the fine line between pleasure and an imminent accident.

"Ronnie, seriously, please, turn it down! I can't hold it much longer," Sarah pleaded, her voice strained with desperation as she pressed a hand against her underwear.

"Oh, come on, it's just a bit of harmless fun," Ronnie insisted, a mischievous glint in her eyes as she continued to toy with the remote.

"Ronnie, I'm on the verge here! This is not fun anymore. I'm begging you, stop!" Sarah's urgency reached a breaking point, her control hanging by a thread.

Ronnie, finally realizing the gravity of the situation, relented. "Fine, fine. Let's not turn this into a disaster. I'll dial it back."

As Ronnie adjusted the remote, Sarah felt a wave of relief wash over her. The intensity of the sensations subsided, and she regained control over her quivering thighs. The residential road, witness to the comedic struggle between pleasure and desperation, became a silent backdrop to their shared adventure.

With a grateful sigh, Sarah continued their walk home, her focus shifting from the brink of disaster to the reassuring sense of control. The banter between friends, once a playful escapade, had found its balance, leaving them to navigate the remaining journey with shared laughter and a newfound understanding of the limits of their mischievous camaraderie.

As Sarah and Ronnie continued their walk, they unexpectedly bumped into Carrie, the petite Italian girl barely over four feet tall. Carrie, dressed in vibrant athletic wear, seemed on her way to the gym. Her energy radiated despite her small stature, a testament to her vibrant personality.

Carrie's outfit showcased a mix of bold colors, from a turquoise tank top that complemented her olive skin to sleek black leggings that accentuated her petite frame. A pair of neon running shoes completed the ensemble, ready for an energetic workout.

"Hey, lovelies!" Carrie greeted them with a wide smile, her enthusiasm contagious.

"Carrie! Fancy meeting you here. Gym time?" Ronnie inquired, her eyes scanning Carrie's vibrant attire.

"Yeah, gotta stay active, you know? What about you two?" Carrie replied, her eyes twinkling with curiosity.

Ronnie, ever the quick wit, responded, "Oh, just a leisurely stroll. We're enjoying the fresh air and... other perks of the day."

Sarah, trying to hide her urgency to pee, added with a forced casualness, "Yeah, just taking it easy. Enjoy your workout, Carrie."

Carrie, noticing the small remote in Ronnie's hand, couldn't help but inquire, "Hey, what's that remote for? Are you controlling something cool?"

With a sly smile, Ronnie replied, "Oh, this? It's just for my new headphones. You know, trying out some fancy tech features."

Intrigued, Carrie's eyes lit up. "Really? That sounds awesome! Can I see how it works?"

Ronnie, quick on her feet, nodded enthusiastically. "Of course! Check it out." She gestured as if adjusting settings on her non-existent headphones, the remote in hand serving as a prop.

Carrie observed with interest, nodding appreciatively. "Wow, that's pretty high-tech. Where did you get those headphones?"

Ronnie, maintaining the charade, continued with a casual tone. "Oh, you know, just picked them up recently. Wanted to try something new."

With a mischievous glint in her eye, Carrie couldn't resist the allure of the mysterious remote. Snatching it from Ronnie's hands, she exclaimed, "Let me try this fancy headphone thing! What's the harm?"

Before Ronnie could object, Carrie deftly toggled the button, turning up the intensity. Sarah, who had just managed to regain composure from the previous ordeal, suddenly felt the vibrations intensify once again. Her legs quivered beneath her sundress, a renewed sense of urgency threatening to break through.

Determined not to let on, Sarah mustered every ounce of willpower to conceal the escalating sensations. Carrie, unaware of the true nature of the remote, playfully experimented with the settings, a mischievous grin spreading across her face.

As the vibrations reached a new peak, Sarah fought to maintain her composure. The thin veil of secrecy threatened to unravel, and she discreetly adjusted her posture, trying to hide the undeniable effects beneath her sundress. The residential road became a silent witness to the clandestine struggle between pleasure and the need for concealment, leaving the trio to navigate the unexpected twists of their walk home.

As Carrie continued toggling the remote, the sensations mounted for Sarah. Despite her initial attempts to conceal the effects, the intensifying vibrations pushed her to the brink. Carrie, oblivious to the true nature of the remote, was gleefully explaining how cool it was.

"Guys, this is amazing! Where did you get these headphones? The vibrations are so...," Carrie began, her excitement evident.

Unable to endure the escalating sensations any longer, Sarah gave up the charade. "Carrie, please! It's not headphones; it's... it's something else. Please, turn it down. I can't take it!"

Carrie, now thoroughly confused, paused and looked at Sarah with a puzzled expression. "What do you mean? This isn't for headphones? What's going on?"

Sarah, her desperation reaching a peak, could feel the dual urgency building within her. The need to pee and the imminent climax intertwined, creating an overwhelming surge of sensations that she could no longer suppress. The walk home, once a leisurely stroll, had become a chaotic symphony of mischievous camaraderie, with Sarah at the center of the unexpected storm.

Panicking at the unraveling situation, Ronnie urgently interjected, "Carrie, seriously, turn it down! It's not a headphone remote, and Sarah can't handle it."

Carrie, still baffled but compliant, started to adjust the settings. However, the damage had been done. As the vibrations decreased, Sarah's bladder, strained beyond its limit, conceded to the pressure.

In an unfortunate and unexpected culmination, the simultaneous release of pee and climax overwhelmed Sarah. A mixture of embarrassment and relief washed over her face as she soaked herself beneath her sundress. The residential road, witness to the comedic struggle, now bore witness to an unforeseen twist in the trio's adventure, leaving them to navigate the aftermath of unexpected sensations and the shared realization of the limits of their mischievous escapades.

Carrie's initial confusion gave way to a mix of surprise and concern as she witnessed the unfolding situation. Her expressive eyes widened, and the lively energy that usually surrounded her shifted into a momentary pause. As the realization dawned on her, Carrie's concern deepened, and she quickly moved from confusion to a more empathetic demeanor, ready to support her friend through the unexpected turn of events.

*076*2024-03-17 19:52

{{On 2/28/2024 at 5:39 PM, Cojiro said:

Always excited to see what happens next!

}}

I’m glad to hear it! Let me know if there’s anything you’d still like to see!

{{On 3/14/2024 at 3:52 AM, BarneyOMO said:

This series definitely needs to continue ... anymore chapters planned?

}}

Yes, I have 3 more chapters underway and then it will be time for the finale… not sure what shape that will take yet. It will either be a super chapter or several chapters like the spring break trip. Next chapter will come out this week for sure.

Also I am pondering a spin off. Is that something anyone would be interested in?

