Have men easier than women?

Author: cudi

*000*2020-08-04 09:57

Hello:)

I entered last story in 2018. Time for something new.

This story will present two perspectives of pee desperation/peeing outdoors, male and female.

Part I - Tom, pharmacy student, 18yo

- "Tom, wake up, you lazy..! You will be lat for your lecture" - a strong voice from behind the door, coupled with an increasingly insistent knocking suddenly brought him to consciousness. It was his older brother, James. They live with parents, but as they visited family for two weeks, the oldest brother kept an eye on everything. He was on charge now. Tom and James lived also with their little sister Brook, currently in high school junior class.

Thomas Still a bit confused, looked at his watch, finding there confirmation of the dark truth that was just reaching his ears.

“It's ten past seven! Wake up moron” Alarmed a voice that must have belonged to brother, already concerned about his prolonged absence downstairs.

- "Overslept! Im taking car, sorry. I m going to office on 8am, so not possible to wait for you any longer. You have bus '15' in 10minutes!"

Hurriedly, Tom reached for the clothes spread on the chair. If he wanted to make it, and he did, he couldn't even think of the morning toilet or breakfast. Actually, he had hope to pee at least, but Brooke woke up the same time and really needed to go. He decided to let her go first and only brush teeth in kitchen. The bus was leaving in five minutes! So he only grabbed his backpack and, ran out of the house.

He left home just in time to see the bus cooming around the corner. By increasing his speed, he managed to reach the stop just as the door opened. The stinging in the side seemed to have been caused by more than this short sprint. Actually, not even on the side ... He really felt, that he didn't even have time to use the bathroom this morning.

The road to Uni usually took around 50 minutes, but he was afraid it would be extremely long this time. He greeted his colleagues, however, as if nothing had happened and took his place on the seat, trying to direct his thoughts to other things.

- "Hey, man!" - Will asked him, a good friend, and now a neighbor on the right - "Do you prepared for today's test? -yes, it will be easy today."

Under other conditions, he would probably be a bit more talkative, but only this bladder did not bother him that much. He wasnt in panic. He knew that he can rely on his bladder. He lost control on his bladder last time when he was 9 and overestimated his strenghts when holding all day and going back from school. This was a little more embarassing as he lost control few steps from doorway, soaked pants and shoes much. And just then his friend from neighbourhood - Sheila - girl his age, waved him and called to play together.And he turned around when finishing his "peeing with closed zipper". She clearly noticed, because she kept quiet suddenly, stared at him, huge wet stain on pathway, his soaked pants and again on him, and after 5 seconds answered: "Oh, do you want to play hide &seek with me and..? Ooh, Ill talk to you later."

There werent never after any others, even smaller accidents, but this one gave him a lesson, not to hold pee too long and plan more well. Boys dont plan well at this age, but he was more responsible after this accident.

He reminded this episode now, in bus tho. Especially that noone knew about it and Sheila just acted like nothing happened, ran to other friends to play and behaved like real good friend.

Anyway, bus stopped at his stop and Tom went to Uni with his friends.

He had a thought to go to toilet right before, but they were just in time and he didnt want to be late on test.

During his small exam, he felt stronger and stronger urge to go, but it wasnt something much extraordinary for him. He didnt never put himself in such sitution on purpose and rather planned well (cause of experience), but he also had strong bladder and he knew that he can rely on his bladder in this struggle.

After the test, all group had laboratories, so all of it was 120minutes. After that, thay had 10minutes break. Tom ran out of class straight to toilets, to get rid of his, this time really huge,problem.

It found out that girls toilets were closed due to maintenance. Women were allowed to use men's room at the same time urinals were not allowed this time:) . Two queues have been formed. Few girls who went in a real hurry were desperate, so boys who stood on the front, put them first.Tom stood in one of them, but 10 minutes break finished quickly and he was just first to go, but he quit, because he didnt want to have absence on last lab.

This 60 minutes was extremely hard for him, he never felt this type of pressure and pain in his belly. When lab ended, all class decided to go to bar together and grab some beer.

Hovewer he just wanted to pee.Tom just said: 'I will catch you guys later' and slowly went out of class, fidgeting himself discreetly.As situation near toilets was the same, and he didnt have strength to go on 2nd floor toilets, Tom left the building in a "hurry". He wasnt able to run at this point, so he just went off building.

Thomas had luck, bus just arrived when he came. He went to bus.

First plan was to go home, but after half of distance, Tom felt something scary - warmth. "Im just sweating", he kept repeating to himself. But he wasnt. First short spurt escaped. Just few drops, one or two, but Tom freezed. "I just have to get out on next station or something bad ha... No, will be ok. Just hold it. Bus moved suburbs, next stop is near big forest, I will pee there.

Bus stopped. Tom went out. 100 meters passed.200. First trees. He wanted to unzip his trousers (as belt was undone already). He saw family with dog. "I will just turn left, it has to be more privacy somewhere!"

He turned left in a pathway. And just thought.About.Whipping.It.Out. "More trees, I will go there!"

When he just unzipped trousers, put (quickly as he could) pants below, whipped out his aching penis, very strong and full-force stream of yellow, intensive pee pushed himself through his member. He peed likea racehorse. Because of pressure, stream hit ground and leafs so hard that it sprayed on his shoes a little. But he didnt care. His priority was to empty his bladder finally. Relief was magnificent.. He didnt feel anything like this in years. Maybe never.

And then, after 20 seconds of sweet relief, maybe in a 1/4 maybe 1/3 of his piss process, he saw some girl. She was on other path, but turned right and came toward him. He quickly stopped flow in a middle, put penis in pants and zipp them immediately.

"Hello Tom, I thought you will celebrate friday with others in bar", he heard.

It was Alice, his goergous friend from high school. One year younger than him, Beautiful blonde girl with blue eyes and really beautiful slim figure. She didnt have big breasts or bottom, but was very slim and attractive. But it wasnt the best in her. She is modest and really hard working girl. Ambitious and also good heart. She learned much and every time after school she was going to dog shelter as vounteer.

Tom was happy and terrified at the same time. He still needed to go, maybe even more than previously.

- Hello Alice, I just wanted to walk a little in forest.

- Oh, I like it too! I walk with my dogs here always.

They were walking, Alice was talking about her exams, her volunteer job and books she read last time. She was really happy that she met her crush, boy she always wanted to meet better.

Tom was pale. He tried to smile, but the same time he wanted relief. This relief was just behind one of thousands trees, just a moment and he would be safe. He was shivering and had to hold his crotch. One time too much. She noticed.

- Tommy, is everything ok with you? Do you feel ok?

- Its ok. I just... I just want to go to toilet..

His face was a little red when he said it. He was shy, and now he was forced to say that he is minute fron peeing his pants to girl he really like..

- Ok. Should I..woke you home then?

Alice was so well mannered and modest (as he thought) that she didnt offer him to relieve here.

- I...have to go. Please please give me 2minutes!

- Sure, dont worry (she smirks)

Tom went to bushes just 2-3 meters from her while unbuttoning pants. When he forced zipper after few attempts, he felt spurt. A big one. BIG. This should've definitely land in toilet. Small patch was visible on his jeans.

He whipped it out and peeed. Stream was even more intensive than previously. He felt smell of pee. Does she smell it? What does she think about me? He thought about it, but relief was more important. This time not interrupted. He peed for more than 50 seconds! After big stream, he still pushed another and another. It was really much.

Last leak was weak and it landed on his shoe a little. "Dammit".

He shook it off, check the damage quickly. Pants were wet, not only on penis area but even on back a little (as he squizzed his member really hard during short conversation with his crush. Pants were good, nothing visible.

- Are You good now?asked Ali

- Yes. Sorry for this. I was.. I really needed that.

- I noticed, told Alicia with little smirk.

*002*2020-08-04 13:02

Thanks:)


