The Last Year Before They Grew Up

Author: Caraxes

*010*2022-09-22 16:19

This chapter deals slightly with the repercussions of chapter one while providing important insight into a few important characters. There is no messing.

Chapter 3: The Urban Unicorns Concert

Carrie had spent 3 hours picking out what to wear to the Urban Unicorns Concert. She had never been one to listen much to Urban Unicorns, but they were her friend Ronnie’s favourite band and Ronnie had invited a few friends to come to their concert with her. Chief amongst those friends was Sarah Dalton, Ronnie’s wasian housemate and best friend. Carrie wasn’t sure why, but she really wanted to get to know Sarah better. The last time they had hung out, the weekend before, Sarah had kissed her thinking she was her crush Jason, and then peed herself. Carrie wasn’t attracted to Sarah or anything, but she found herself wanting to get to know her really badly. She had spent the last 3 hours picking out the perfect outfit just to impress Sarah… but she totally wasn’t interested in her or anything.

Looking in the mirror, Carrie admired how well things had come together with her outfit. The petite Italian girl loved her wavy brown hair and her baby blue romper that accentuated her bright blue eyes. She was ready to dance her heart out without anyone being able to look up a skirt or shirt. It was the perfect concert outfit.

Three quick knocks reverberated on the door to her room. Carrie opened it to find Ronnie standing there in all her statuesque glory. Even though they had known each other since high school, Carrie was still blown away by her friend. The tall blonde was wearing jean shorts and a yellow t-shirt with the Urban Unicorn logo on the front. Somehow, even with minimal effort and her black eye still peeking through her concealer, Ronnie was absolutely breathtaking. Carrie felt a pang of jealousy for her friend’s ability to attract men. Ronnie explained that Cynthia, Carrie’s roommate had let her into the house and the two girls exchanged pleasantries.

“Where’s Sarah?” Carrie asked, confused.

“Oh she’s going to meet us there. She’s getting a ride with Jackson and his friends. She asked that I don’t come along,” Ronnie announced with an eye roll. “Apparently Jackson has a thing for me and not her. Stupid boy.”

Carrie was disappointed to hear that news but she tried to brush it off. Instead, she mentioned something else on her mind. “You never seem interested in any of the men that pursue you, but they all pursue you. Why is that?”

Ronnie shrugged and giggled. “I’ve never met a guy that I like that much.”

“Are you… do you ever think you might like girls?” Carrie asked shyly.

Ronnie laughed again and said “I’m definitely straight but I do think liking girls would make things easier sometimes. Why?”

“No reason,” Carrie said, flushing slightly. “I’ve just known you forever and wondered why you’ve never dated. Sorry if I crossed a line.”

Ronnie laughed and assured her all was well. The two made sure they had their tickets and then made their way to the train that would take them to the concert, outside of town in a large field area that had been set up for the annual rock music festival that the city hosted. They had stashed some liquor in their pockets, so the two friends took turns taking shots on the train and by the time they reached their station, Carrie was tipsy already. After waiting in line for an hour to get in, and continuously drinking in the line, Carrie was good and sloshed. She and Ronnie were drawing many looks due to their attractiveness and Carrie was loving every minute of it. Eventually, Sarah, Jackson and their friends Will and Teddy made it through the gates. The six of them met up and found a spot in the crowd with a good vantage point of the stage.

“Ugh, I already have to pee. Where are the porta potties?” Sarah asked Ronnie, shifting from foot to foot. Carrie felt a twinge from her own bladder, but didn’t speak up. Having always been somewhat pee shy, she didn’t want anyone to know she had to go. She always had a hard time announcing her need and hated going to the bathroom in groups, although she could tolerate it with her closest friends.

“Hold it for a bit, Sare Bear,” Ronnie said. “The concert is about to start and you don’t want to miss that. After the first set, we’ll hit up the porta potties.”

Sarah nodded in understanding and started chatting excitedly with Ronnie about their excitement for the show. Ronnie had been an Urban Unicorn fan since she was in her early teens, and now at 21 she was thrilled to finally see them in live concert. Sarah was less of a fan than Ronnie, but being her best friend meant that she knew all the band’s top songs. The group of six continued drinking as Will came back with beers for everyone. Soon Carrie found herself chatting with Will. She enjoyed the attention and his black hair and muscular physique meant he was just her type. However, she couldn’t help periodically glancing over at Jackson and Sarah, with a hint of jealousy in her mind. What was wrong with her?

Finally, after 30 minutes of waiting, the speakers next to the stage blared and the band came out. As they played through their first five songs, the group danced, immersed in the crowd. Ronnie was screaming every lyric to every song. Sarah was trying to dance as seductively as possible for Jackson, even though he kept stealing glances at Ronnie. Will was latched on to Carrie and trying to impress her with his wild dance moves, while Teddy futilely tried to get Ronnie to pay him any attention. By the fifth song, Carrie and Will were making out sloppily. By the sixth, Sarah had found herself on Jackson’s shoulders. And by the seventh, Carrie found that her dancing was turning into a pee dance as her bladder was reaching capacity, and she was thoroughly drunk. Carrie hoped to herself that Sarah would ask to go again soon, but the girl was incredibly distracted by Jackson.

Finally, the band announced a brief break.

“Let’s find those porta potties asap,” Ronnie yelled to her friends. The girls headed off, following the crowd who had all had the same idea, towards the porta potties by the woods. The boys, led by Jackson, went to go find a tree in the woods and avoid the line.

“Wow, these lines look like they’ll take 30 minutes at least. I don’t even have 10,” proclaimed Ronnie as Sarah agreed. “Let’s go copy the boys and find a bush!”

Carrie hated that idea. Even tipsy she was aware that in her romper she would have to get naked to pee, since she did not have on a bra. She didn’t want anyone to walk by and see her naked. This factor, on top of her pee shy nature, left her terrified at the thought of finding a bush. Nevertheless, she followed Ronnie and Sarah into the woods to find a spot to pee.

Quickly the girls realized that there were people everywhere. Guys we’re leaning against trees and peeing, while many groups of girls were shielding their friends as they peed next to bushes. Ronnie led the girls past these groups and down a slight hill into a more secluded area. Then, she immediately undid the belt on her jean shorts, yanked them down with her pink thong in one motion and dropped into a squat, revealing her blonde pubic hair. The sound of the torrent of pee emitted from Ronnie almost made Carrie pee herself. On her right, Sarah moaned, then she too hiked up her skirt, pulled her red panties to the side and let out a massive torrent. After 30 seconds, the girl’s streams died down, and they wiped themselves with tissues.

After waiting for them to finish, Carrie timidly asked, “Can… can you guys shield me please?”

Sarah and Veronica immediately obliged, holding hands and standing in front of Carrie. Carrie untied the drawstrings at the neck of her romper and let it fall loose, then unzipped the zipper at the back. She carefully slid it down her body to her ankles, revealing her perky tits and yellow panties to the world. The cold air made her nipples harden and she gasped as the breeze buffeted her body.

“Dang sweetie, cute panties,” said Sarah, “Where did you get them?”

Carrie blushed upon realizing that Sarah had complimented something so intimate about her and stated that she couldn’t remember. Then she asked her friends to turn around.

Dropping her panties and exposing her shaved privates to the air, Carrie lowered herself into a hover and tried to pee. She was desperate but as soon as she exposed herself and knew that her friends could hear her stream, she tensed up. Nothing was coming out. She pushed hard, still to no avail. Finally, she redressed herself and announced that she must not have needed to go. Ronnie laughed and said she must have a bladder of steel, with how much she had had to drink.

As they walked back to watch the rest of the concert, Carrie cursed herself for not going. She was going to regret this.

————-

Two hours later, the concert had finished and Carrie was regretting it. The walk to the train and parking lots had been hell as she danced around and pretended that she was super full of energy. In reality, she was striking all sorts of poses to hold back her pee. They had said goodbye to the boys who were going to go visit a few friends at a pub nearby before heading home themselves. Now, sitting on the train with the sleeping figures of Sarah and Ronnie as they made their way home, a relatively drunk Carrie knew she was not going to make it.

“Ronnie…” she whispered quietly as she nudged her sleeping friend. “Veronica, please wake up.”

Veronica, sleeping against the window after exhausting herself from dancing, stirred awake.

“What’s wrong Carrie?” she asked the petite girl as she rubbed her eyes.

“Ronnie… I’m going to pee myself. Do you have an empty water bottle I can use instead?”

Ronnie did a quick search of her bag and found an empty bottle, and unscrewed the lid. Then she gave Carrie a weird look.

“Carrie, you can’t just take your romper off on the train. You need to try and wait until we get to the station” Ronnie chastised.

“Ronnie, this is an emergency. I didn’t go in the woods because I was too shy and I’ve been dying for hours. And now I’m going to have an accident and I don’t want Sarah to see me like this!” Carrie blurted in a ramble.

Veronica looked her directly in the eye. “Do you have a crush on Sarah?” she asked.

“No! But we made out the night you got your black eye when she thought I was Jackson,” Carrie confessed.

Ronnie raised an eyebrow and smirked. “And you liked it…?”

Carrie blushed beet red and began furiously rubbing her crotch in a circular motion. Ronnie smiled and reminded her that it was okay to be bi and that she’d support her friend no matter what. Carrie protested that she was not. Rolling her eyes inwardly. Ronnie pointed at her watch and showed Carrie that the train would arrive in 10 minutes and then she could pee. “But try to make it look less like you’re masturbating,” Ronnie said with a wink, gesturing to her hand motions. Carrie turned beat red again but did not stop.

Ten minutes later, Ronnie gently shook Sarah awake and explained the desperate necessity of finding a bathroom. After the train pulled into the station, the three friends bolted off with their belongings and ran straight to the ladies room. They beat everyone dismounting in their rush there, and the three of them careened into the handicap stall.

“Help untie me!” Carrie cried, as her fingers fumbled with the laces at the neck of her romper, her legs frantically stomping up and down.

“Why did you double knot it?” Sarah asked incredulously, yanking at the strings.

“It was an accident! Like I’m about to have here if you don’t hurry. Please! Oh please undo it!”

But Ronnie and Sarah couldn’t untie the knot as Carrie danced around with her hands in her crotch.

“Cut it! Cut it!” Carrie yelled, prompting Ronnie to produce her switchblade from her bag and cut the string off.

“The zipper is jammed too!” Sarah yelled in surprise, as she yanked with all her might.

And then it was over.

Carrie started to pee and let out a small gasp. She looked down to see pee running out of her romper and down her bare legs. Tears welled in her eyes and she immediately leapt onto the toilet to finish her business through the fabric. The once baby blue crotch area was now a nice navy and the pee continued to pour out of her for nearly another minute. The relief was amazing and Carrie could not help but moan.

Ronnie and Sarah stared at her in shock.

“Everyone is going to see me like this on the walk home,” Carrie said in horror. “Everyone will know what happened.”

Her soaked romper clung to her crotch, blatantly obvious to any passersby. There was no hiding what had occurred, she would have to live with the shame.

“Welcome to the Piddle Pants Club,” Sarah said with a friendly laugh, pulling her friend in for a hug.

———-

The next morning, when Jules awoke and went down to the kitchen for breakfast. The French-Armenian girl was surprised to see Veronica, still in her pyjamas taping a list to the fridge. On the list was one simple heading: The Piddle Pants Club. Beneath it were three names: Sarah, Jules and Carrie.

“What are you doing?” Jules asked the gorgeous blonde.

“I’m making it official. This is a list to encourage us to take better care of our bladders or else face humiliation for all to see.”

“No fair Ronnie,” said Jules. “You’re just making the list because you’re not on it yet.”

“I’ll never be on it,” said Veronica with a smirk. “I’ve never peed myself.”

At that moment, Sarah, Veronica and Jules’ remaining housemates, Laura, Erika and Carmen entered the kitchen. They glanced at the board and the gorgeous Hispanic Carmen made a face.

“You guys are so immature,” she said to Jules and Ronnie. “You seriously need potty training.”

“Oh cut them some slack,” said Laura, the brunette soccer player. “Sometimes accidents happen. Besides, we can’t all be fighting before our first house-party of the fall. I vote we throw one in a couple weekends to get the year properly underway.

*011*2022-10-07 12:19

This chapter revisits the first year student Victoria and introduces some antagonists that will pop up here and there to bother the girls. There is no messing in this chapter either. Please let me know if there is anything you guys are looking to see in upcoming chapters.

Chapter 4: The First Year Business Case

Victoria was excited to be heading into her first real business case in University, as she walked across campus at 6:15am. In the two weeks since Frosh Week, she had made plenty of friends in her dorm and classes. She liked most of the courses she was taking, even Accounting, and she had even gotten together with her mentor Jules a couple times for coffee chats. Jules had helped her a lot with the adjustment to juggling her new courses, had sold her her old textbooks for a discounted price and had even invited Victoria to a party for the upcoming weekend! Victoria felt like a fool for thinking Jules was a lame mentor initially. Their bathroom incident in the woods during frosh week had helped Victoria see past that fact. Victoria still hadn’t told anyone what happened, not even her boyfriend Lucas, and she didn’t plan on it either. She was still super embarrassed and had vowed for it to never happen again.

Victoria was walking across campus with her roommate Jordan and her groupmate Bella. She was dressed in her nicest pair of black dress pants and a formal white blouse with a black blazer over top. Her blonde hair was tied back in a ponytail and she was wearing black heels that made her feel more powerful than usual. She was trying to convey a sense of professionalism going into her first business case.

Jordan, a short Asian girl dressed in overalls and a pink shirt with her black hair in a bun, said goodbye to Bella and Victoria. She was heading off to the library to study, but as a parting gift she gave Victoria the rest of her iced coffee.

“You’ll need the caffeine for your case, Vicky,” she said with a smile. “Good luck girls! Stay confident, I’m sure you’ll do well.

As the petite girl disappeared from sight, Victoria and Bella looked up at the large grey business building. The cool fall breeze buffeted them, blowing Bella’s hair asunder.

“Ugh, I can’t believe we actually have to do a 12 hour case on a Friday,” groaned Bella, pushing her bleached blonde hair out of her eyes, and adjusting her formal black skirt that had blown up her legs slightly.

“I know, but at least we get to get hammered at our dorm party tonight,” Victoria winked back.

Victoria had made friends with Bella on the first day of class. She was a follower and she worshipped the ground that Victoria walked on, as a popular and attractive first year. She and her friend Hannah had latched onto Victoria and now followed her everywhere outside of school hours, like her own mean girl posse. Victoria was happy to be fitting in and making friends, but she couldn’t help being bothered by the thought that these weren’t the kind of friends she wanted. Ever since she had met Jules, she had realized that there were people who would help you no matter what. Victoria wasn’t even sure if Bella and Hannah would help her with her homework, let alone hide the secret that she shit herself in University.

Ugh, Victoria felt lonely. Even her roommate Jordan was only nice to her because she was popular. Jordan hadn’t spent much time getting to know her and Victoria could tell the girl was intimidated by her resting bitch face and sassy remarks. She had been trying to tone them down, but sometimes she didn’t even notice she was being rude until it was too late.

She missed Lucas a lot too, but she knew he wouldn’t come to visit for another week, due to him settling in at his own school. She was excited to see him though, and to bring him to Jules’ party. Victoria was so excited to go to a real upper year party! She felt more mature than ever.

Upon entering the building and finding their classroom, Victoria and Bella took a seat near the back. As they did so, in sauntered Hannah, her brown hair a mess, her skirt askew and her blouse buttoned up wrong. She plopped herself into the chair on Victoria’s left and then leaned forward so her head was lying on the desk.

“What happened to you?” inquired Victoria.

“Oh Vicky, you’ll never believe it!” said the brunette excitedly. “I just got absolutely railed by Tommy Gordon in the bathroom! You know, his nickname is Monster Cock? Well the rumours are true!”

“Ew,” Vicky replied. “Did you have to do that before our case?”

Hannah rolled her eyes and then spread her legs slightly, allowing her friends to see her lack of underwear. She then explained that he had taken them as a trophy, prompting Bella to squeal in excitement. The two began to gossip excitedly about Tommy and how he was going to be at the party that night. Victoria, annoyed at her friends’ immaturity, began taking out her notebook. As she glanced to the front of the classroom, the 4th year TA who was facilitating the case entered.

Victoria did a double take!

The TA was Maddy Dillinger, her brother’s bitchy ex-girlfriend… and Victoria knew she still blamed her for the breakup!

————

Two hours later, as Victoria and Bella worked diligently on the case and Hannah sat there on her phone, Maddy finally noticed who Victoria was. Taken aback, the curly haired brunette leapt to her feet from her desk at the front of the classroom and marched up the aisle, to seat herself on Victoria’s desk.

“Victoria Richardson!” she exclaimed, oozing disdain. “I didn’t know you came to Greatwestern! It’s SO great to see you!”

“Wow Maddy, it’s nice to see you!” Victoria replied, in the most fake voice of excitement that she had ever uttered.

Maddy giggled loudly, her curls shaking around her head like a wreath of brown flames encircling the devil. She then rapidly began asking Victoria questions about her brother.

After answering “How is David?”, “Is he seeing anyone?” and “Does he miss me?” in the most bland and uninteresting ways ever, Victoria noticed that Maddy had begun glaring at her. Victoria cursed herself inwardly, realizing that she was only antagonizing the person who would be marking their case. She quickly changed the subject, hoping to ingratiate herself to the venomous TA.

“I’ve been really enjoying this course so far, and you seem like such a good TA! What can I do to TA like you next year?” she asked politely, in a hope to flatter.

“Wow, first you end my relationship, now you have the audacity to try to steal my job,” Maddy said in a snarky voice. “Well, little miss Prom Queen, you’re not all that like you think you are. You need to be taken down a peg.”

With a flourish, Maddy slid off the desk, spun on her heel and marched back to her desk at the front of the class.

“What’s that bitch on?” Bella asked.

Victoria shook her head in annoyance. “Who even fucking knows? She’s just mad because I told my brother she was cheating on him. She’s from my hometown and she had been dating him since high school.”

Hannah laughed and the group went back to their work. Suddenly, Victoria felt a twinge from her bladder. She needed to pee, but as she glanced up at Maddy she decided to wait before asking. She did not want more of Maddy’s annoyance focused on her. Besides, she could hold it.

—————

Victoria crossed her right leg over her left and glanced at the clock. It was 11:30, 5 hours into the case, and her group was nearly halfway done now, despite Hannah being absolutely useless. Hannah had fallen asleep an hour ago and was now snoring on her desk, her back rising and falling with her breathing. Bella had just finished up a portion of the report and had decided to pause to eat. She pulled a salad out of her backpack and began to eat it at her desk.

Victoria knew that they didn’t get a lunch break from the case and were supposed to just eat while they worked. She had personally brought a thermos of French onion soup, but this meal was incredibly unappealing to her at the moment. Her need to pee had increased significantly in the last 30 minutes and the thought of any more liquid entering her body terrified her. She had decided that she would make it to 11:30 before raising her hand to ask Maddy if she could go to the bathroom. Now it was finally time. Mustering her courage, Victoria raised her hand.

“What is it, Ms Richardson?” Maddy the TA answered in an exasperated tone.

“Um may I go to the bathroom?” Victoria asked.

Maddy heaved a big sigh and then gestured to the sleeping figure of Hannah. “Your group member is being incredibly rude to everyone here. I’m not letting any of you leave until you guys finish your assignment.”

“That’s ridiculous! There are 7 hours left! That’s way too long,” Victoria protested.

“Please, any decent group will finish in the next two hours,” Maddy said. “You’re a big girl, I’m sure you can wait.”

Victoria was not so sure. After her mishap in the woods with Jules, she had been staying incredibly careful about her bodily functions. She did not want to be humiliated again. Glancing around the room, Victoria saw the other groups were laughing to each other about Hannah’s sleeping form. Annoyed, Victoria grabbed Hannah’s arm and shook it. The messy brunette opened her eyes slightly, squinting at Victoria.

“Fuck off, bitch,” Hannah said groggily, then put her head down and went back to sleep.

Victoria was hit by another urge to pee and she grimaced. Bending over slightly, she reached into her bag, pulled out a red sweater that Lucas had given her, balled it up and put it between her legs. She then leaned forward so the balled up fabric was applying pressure directly on her pee hole. With this extra support in place, she reached down and undid her belt and dress pants. Her bladder gratefully expanded into the newfound space and the pressure was temporarily reduced. Victoria heaved a sigh of relief, took out her thermos and began sipping her soup slowly, to regain the energy needed to finish the case.

————

At 1:30pm, Victoria’s teeth felt like they were floating. She had to pee so badly that she was grinding her crotch on the red sweater between her legs as she finished up her excel spreadsheet budget on her computer. Next to her, Bella was editing a slide of their PowerPoint presentation as she kept glancing at the clock. Hannah, on the other hand, was painting her nails while playing music out of her phone, staring at Victoria as she did. The classroom was nearly empty now, as 5 groups had finished and left. There were now only 3 groups remaining in the room.

“You’re so fidgety, you look like you’re going to pee your pants soon,” Hannah announced nonchalantly, applying red nail polish to her left pinky.

“Thanks Hannah,” said Victoria, oozing sarcasm. “I hadn’t noticed.”

Bella looked over smirking and started making whooshing water noises. Victoria punched her in the arm and she broke into a high pitched giggle.

“You remind me of this one girl that sat next to me in high school French,” Bella said with a smile. “She was this exchange student from Germany and she had to pee really badly on her first day. She was dancing around and working up the courage to ask to go in the middle of a lesson and I leaned over and lied to her and said that here, unlike in Germany, you can’t ask to go during a lesson without getting the strap! It terrified her!”

Hannah started cackling with laughter and asked “What’d she do?”

“She believed me,” giggled Bella, “so she held it. Then, with five minutes left in the lesson I heard water splashing! Except it was just her peeing herself! It was so funny!”

Bella and Hannah began cackling with laughter. Victoria simply groaned, grinded herself into the sweater even harder, and kept typing. She felt badly for that German girl and also worried that her friends were not at all sympathetic to her cause. She needed to finish her part asap so she could pee, because she knew she could not wait another hour.

“My my, the little prom queen is doing a potty dance,” teased Maddy, appearing at Victoria’s elbow. The malevolent TA kept coming to gloat over Victoria’s plight every half hour and she seemed to derive great pleasure from her struggle. “Not feeling as powerful now huh? I guess this will teach you to stay out of my business.”

Victoria felt tears well up in her eyes, then, as humiliating as it was, she began to beg. “Please Maddy, I’ll do anything if you let me pee. Anything!”

Maddy shook her head and smiled. “Sorry Miss Prom Queen, but you owe me a finished case.”

Victoria started to sniffle. She was desperately trying to hold back tears. But she knew it was over. She would never be able to finish in time to run to a bathroom. Her bladder was too full, the pressure too great… She had to run now if she wanted a chance to make it. Leaping to her feet, Victoria began to hobble to the front of the classroom, her pee begging for release.

“Where do you think you’re going?!” Maddy called after her, a gleam in her brown eyes.

“Oh my GOD,” exclaimed Hannah excitedly. “She’s going to pee herself! This is so funny!”

Hannah pulled out her phone, opened the camera and began filming the situation. Bella followed her lead, the two of them giggling at the sight of their friend’s last desperate dash.

Then it started.

Victoria felt her bladder relax, and pee began gushing into her white panties, saturating them rapidly. The stream was so powerful that when she spread her legs it began shooting straight through her pants as well and puddling on the floor. It was streaking down her legs too, soaking into the black dress pants and warming her lower body. Glancing up in humiliation, Victoria met Maddy’s mirthful gaze as she watched the incident unfold. What hurt the most though was Bella and Hannah, filming the predicament. Victoria began sobbing in earnest as she dashed from the room. She ran down the hall, sure that Hannah and Bella were posting the video on social media at that very moment. Her social life was going to be over! She’d never be able to show her face again.

Victoria rushed into the bathroom, found an empty stall, ran in and locked it behind her. She sat on the toilet, peeled off her dress pants and inspected the damage. Despite the black colour, the accident was noticeable. She would never be able to make it back to the dorm without people noticing. She continued crying, completely despairing about her situation.

Suddenly her phone began to ring from her discarded pants pocket. She fished it out, flipped it over and saw the caller ID belonged to Jules. Catching her breath, she answered the phone.

“Jules, she said as calmly as possible. “Do you think you could bring me a change of clothes?”
