Training from Hell (High School DxD)

Author: Captain L

*000*2021-06-20 21:08

This is hell.

Though usually an expression of oppression and great strife, in this case, it was also a literal observation. Such was the setting for yet another Occult Research Club training camp, graciously hosted by the Gremory family. As a family of high-ranking devils, it was only natural that the vacation would be in the underworld. The dark skies illuminated the mansion in just the right way to set the mood for yet another one of President Rias's famously grueling training retreats.

This thick frightening aura continued beyond the bounds of the mansion walls, into the surrounding forest. In fact, it was even worse out here; not just because of the lack of safe rooms to retreat into should the world be too scary, but because of the added shadows, the rustling wind through the branches, and the many chirps, barks, and whines of the swarms of hellbeasts that lived in these woods. Ordinarily, this wouldn't be anywhere near enough to scare a member of the House of Gremory, who had won many a Rating Game against foes far stronger than any mindless animal.

But Gasper Vladi was not your ordinary devil.

There were several reasons to say such a thing. For one, unlike many of Rias's other Evil Pieces, Gasper began as a half-vampire before being turned into a devil, and retained many of those traits in his new life. Not to mention, the creature of the night was the owner of a Sacred Gear, Forbidden Balor View, the power to freeze time for any in sight. But perhaps most shockingly: despite appearances, Gasper was male, albeit a very small, cutesy, feminine crossdresser in the school's female uniform, skirt and all.

He was also a scaredy-cat. That's why, even though he joined this field trip and came out into the forest with a plan, he was instead currently hiding beneath a cardboard box, quivering in fear at every tiny scrape. "I can't stay here I can't stay here I can't stay here I can't stay here..." It was only his own voice that kept him even slightly composed, else he'd be screaming and fleeing far away.

And even that wouldn't be enough to stave off the paralyzing fear when someone lifted the box, exposing him to the blinding rays of daytime. Granted, Hell's sun was not very bright compared to the Earth, and Gasper wasn't even the kind of vampire negatively affected by sunlight, but it was downright brutal when compared to the blackness inside the box.

The only reason he didn't scamper was the face looking down on him in the light. "You have to get to your training eventually, Gaspy."

The voice wasn't a traditionally comforting tone, and the face accompanying it was blank and hard-to-approach, yet somehow, Gasper was calmed by the sight, just a little. After all, it wasn't a predator, but another club member: the rook, Koneko Toujou. The two were the same year, and from a physical standpoint, were both the runts of the litter. Maybe this was the reason she had gravitated so naturally towards being his friend. This was the reason the two formed a pair today and gone off to train by themselves, away from the rest. Gasper just liked to have some alone time.

Koneko, on the other hand, wanted the space to really cut loose with her training. If she couldn't push herself to her limits, how could she push them further and break her balance? And she had indeed exhibited strength beyond strength, many of the thick, ancient demon trees had their trunks cracked and felled by nothing more than her kicks. Said something about "what she'd do to Issei's stick if he kept up his shit" all the while.

And Gasper had just cowered beneath his box, the only reason he hadn't hidden his face beneath a paper bag was the confiscation of said bag by Koneko. Even taking that step, her efforts thus far had failed, and Koneko looked down on the dhampir, disappointed. The only thing he could do was explain, and he did so bashfully, looking down at the dirt he sat in as he played with his fingers. "I really wanted to, but there are lots of scary monsters out there..." Tears began welling up in the corners of his eyes.

"I won't let them get near you, Gaspy." Though lacking in any vocal tones suggesting conviction, Koneko was serious, and he knew that. And she was strong, she could take on any regular monster that would so blindly charge in.

Unless it's a dragon. If a dragon were to show up... "Waaaahhh!" Wrestling the box away from Koneko, Gasper shut himself away once more, curling into a ball and covering his ears.

He was expecting to have to fight for his box this time, but it was left alone. Koneko took a different approach. "Fine, I'll tell Issei you chickened out."

"Mmph..." He really wanted to just ignore her and stay in his safe little cube, where he could pretend all was well, but those words cut deep to his core. Issei's the only one that thinks of me like a man. I can't lose his confidence! Trembling, he lifted the box and poked his head out, very slowly and timidly. From when he started, it was over a full minute before he actually slipped out.

It was a step in the right direction, but Gasper still held his arms close to his chest and looked around frantically as he remained hunched on his knees, his survival instincts screaming to flee. But he didn't run, no matter how much he shivered and shook. "I...I can do this," he stammered, while standing his ground.

"So you're not going to run away?"

Gasper shook his head. "No, I...I don't want to have to be dependent on Issei's blood anymore. I have to become strong, so I can protect ladies, just like he said!"

Koneko nodded. "Bitchin'." Without a further word, Koneko went back to her own training, stretching to keep herself flexible and limber.

He was only training his Sacred Gear, no physical training required, but Gasper still figured maybe he should do the same. But first, he'd need to stand up, so he put his palms in the dirt and pushed. For a shut-in that had never done a single push-up, this simple act took some effort from his thin muscles.

"Eep!" And as he soon discovered, that was too much strain. All of a sudden, a sharp pain pulsed from his stomach area, causing him to freeze and squeal. Now he remembered, something he had become all-too-aware of while sensory deprived in the box. Oh, I need to go number one really badly... Sliding one knee through the dirt to press that thigh against the other, Gasper squeezed his junk to ease the discomfort inherent to holding his bladder. It didn't help too much.

Without even thinking, the vampire's gaze drifted in the direction of the Gremory mansion, even if he couldn't see the building itself from this distance. It would be a bit of a walk, but he could make his way back to the house to use a proper bathroom, it was a possibility. He considered it, until something scampered through the branches above. It was something small, likely no more dangerous than a squirrel, but with his nerves already shot, the mere thought sent shivers down his spine. Or maybe it was the severe desperation. Probably the latter, judging from the squirt of pee he accidentally let loose in his panties as he squealed in fright.

Nonononono, I can't, I can't! Something will get me! He didn't know what terrible creatures could be lurking in the darkness, waiting for poor Gasper to run off to go potty so they could eat him in peace. If he wanted to make it back to the mansion in one piece, he'd need some protection, and Koneko was right there. Um, Koneko, could you please...

Nonononono, I can't! I can't ask her to do that! It was embarrassing to say he needed help so he could tinkle, and it was really embarrassing to ask a girl for that. There was just no way he could get to the toilet he knew existed. If he wanted relief, it may require some other method. So long as I don't go too far... Ah, no way no way no way! For much the same reason, he couldn't bring himself to do his business nearby: he risked being found by either monsters, or by Koneko. Both were terrifying prospects when he really needed privacy. He probably wouldn't even be able to go with somebody close by.

Quickly, Gasper was finding himself without any escape. He couldn't leave, he couldn't pee, and he couldn't speak up about that. Oh, what do I do? I really really really don't wanna wet myself... He didn't want to admit it, but that outcome was looking likely. If he just had to hold it, he'd reach the point where he couldn't hold it, and that'd be so embarrassing that he'd rather be dead. He could imagine it now, the point where he'd finally lose his grip on his bladder, despite endless squirming and grabbing, feeling hot urine soak into his underwear, drip between his fingers, and run down his legs to seep into his stockings. This wasn't his first visit to the desperation station.

Though all those previous times had ended in dripping failure, Gasper shook his head and grit his teeth. No, I'm not gonna let that happen again! I'm gonna work up the courage to leave all by myself! And I can hold it until then! It was great that he was so committed, but when another animal soon scampered past, resulting in the vampire freezing in fright, his future wasn't looking so dry. I-I can do this...

###

Another tree was cracked by Koneko's shoe thrusting into the trunk, in a kick high enough to flip her skirt up and flash her panties. If a certain pervert pawn were here to see, she'd be pissed. Maybe she'd be mad enough to release her full power, instead of her core strengths, as she used now. Instead of depending on any sort of magic or special arts, she preferred to rely on herself, be the best she could be, in tune with her body and its abilities.

"...mngh." So in touch with her body, Koneko was already all-too-aware of a specific kind of signal broadcasting from her abdomen, now curving out ever-so-slightly from her slender stomach, no more than if she had gotten just a little carried away with her snacking. Luckily, this wasn't something as difficult to slim, and not something she needed to take responsibility for.

But that didn't mean it wasn't something troubling, at least to some degree. Gotta leak. Knowing she'd be exerting herself, Koneko had kept well-hydrated, and had yet to sweat it out. There was only one natural result to that, and now the rook was hesitant to spread her legs with another kick.

Her first response to the dilemma was a casual one. Guess I'll take a break and wander off. She was practically alone, the woods weren't an unusual place to pee, might as well just be done with it. Nodding to herself that this was acceptable, Koneko turned towards Gasper, ready to inform him that she'd be leaving for a minute or two. He doesn't need to know more than that.

She fully intended to excuse herself, but she began to have second thoughts once she saw Gasper. He was simply standing there with his arms close to his chest, looking up at the tree tops, his gaze following any small birds that flew above. Clearly, he was attempting to activate his Forbidden Balor View on something easy, yet no matter how much he visibly focused, the birds did not stop for even an instant. It was no wonder, when Gasper still freaked out and jumped with every little noise, breaking his concentration.

This continued as Koneko took one unconscious step forward, inadvertently breaking a stray stick with her shoe. Because this specific sound was so loud, so sharp, and so close, Gasper's reaction was even more extreme. "Kyah!" His heart practically leapt out of his shrieking mouth, each hair on his body standing on end as he rocketed into the air. It took until he landed to realize what he had been so frightened by. "K-Koneko, p-please don't startle me like that!"

...is he gonna be okay? She knew Gasper was the timid sort, but he seemed especially jumpy today, scared of every little thing. She began to seriously worry what he would do if left alone in this state. He might fall prey to this fear and run off, never to be found again. His fear could be founded, with some ferocious hellbeast pouncing on him from the shadows. Or his deepest fears could be realized, losing control over his Sacred Gear and causing untold destruction, as he had cried he was capable of.

But what could Koneko do about that? It wasn't like she could assuage his worries with just a couple words, he'd be a nervous wreck no matter what. But it'd be weird to take Gaspy with me. Though she pressed her legs together just so, the urge did not lessen. But then again, it wasn't like this was the worst she had ever felt. Whatever. I'll just wait ‘til we're done for the day. Finish training a little early, return to the mansion, and use the bathroom in safety. She wasn't in any rush, and went back to training. Though, as she thrust her leg up in another swift kick, another little pulse from her bladder dampened her mood a hair. This blows.

###

Aaaahhhh, I can't, I can't anymore! I'm gonna wet myself any second! Gasper had done an admirable job holding out as he had, but that could only continue for so long. He had attempted to distract himself with the safe animals passing overhead, begging that they were actually safe, but being so fleeting, the respite was short. And whatever small relief he may have gained was instantly eroded by any call upon Forbidden Balor View, any want to chip away at the training he was supposed to be here for.

The vampire had tried, over and over, but he was at the end of his strength, his limit. I can't make it to the mansion... I can't even make it away from here! Shivering and shuddering from the exertion required to even stay dry in the stillness, he'd surely push himself over the edge just from moving. But what choice do I have?! Even if I stay here, I can't hold it any longer! It's all gonna come out!

That tacit admission of defeat was all it took to break the first cracks in Gasper's dam, a dam holding back an overwhelming tide. Stunned, his muscles all froze, and he was helpless to do nothing but wait as he felt a burning hot leak, previously concentrated in a mound of pain at the base of his shaft, dribble between the folds of his tip and jet into a wet splotch in his panties, pressed tight against his private parts. The spurt was short, just long enough to leave a dripping, tennis ball-sized stain on his underwear, but there was no way it wouldn't continue soon. And if he wasn't freaked out before, he was frantic now. "Waaahhh!"

Prompted by this sudden, seemingly out-of-nowhere shriek, Koneko had no choice but to halt her practice and look, turning very carefully and deliberately. "What's wrong, Gaspy?"

There were several possibilities for what she was expecting to see, yet she was still caught off-guard by what she found. There was Gasper, right where she had left him, standing still. Yet, despite seemingly nothing being amiss, he looked to be more panicked than she had ever seen him. He was quaking in his shoes, pupils shrunken and shaking, breathing heavily, freaked out for no discernible reason.

If he looked frazzled, it was ten times worse inside his head. Nonononono! I'm out of time! I...I can't wait any more! I gotta go...s-somewhere! He could just tell how limited his options were: he would either pee in nature super close to where he was, or he would pee in his panties. And he didn't have much time to decide, because another leak dribbled into the damp fabric of his underwear, seeping through and sliding down one smooth thigh. Reflexively, as if to hide it, he pressed his legs tightly together, squeezing the pipe shut as firmly as possible.

Oh please, just let me have some privacy for this! Asking for solitude was asking for a lot at this point; this forest was not a densely populated sort, with little vegetation outside thin tufts of grass, and the tall trees that hogged all the nutrition with their massive roots. Many of those trees had also been razed by Koneko's training, to boot, leaving Gasper few hiding places. One of the remaining trunks would have to act as his shield, standing tall between him and any potential onlookers. He couldn't bear Koneko being privy to what he was about to do.

Though, it might be hard to hide, when he was already being stared at, by a small girl's head tilted in puzzlement. No, she's...she's gonna see! Putting a tree between them was all he could do to shield himself at this juncture, but it wouldn't conceal the truth of his actions. She'd hear, and she'd know. She probably already knew. Koneko had a legendary sense of smell, most often used to sniff out snacks meant to be hidden from her bottomless stomach.

So, if she already knew, there was little point in hiding the gist of his predicament. Which was good, because there was just no possible way he could get behind even the nearest tree without being overt about his desperation. He had to act fast, no time to be modest, he slammed his hands against his crotch, gripping the little bulge like a vice, wringing the wetness from his underwear out into the inner lining of his skirt. "D-don't look, Koneko," he shouted, tears streaming down his cheeks, as he bolted for the nearest tree.

The thick brown pillar grew larger in his view as he bounded ever closer, but as he was about to circle the trunk at the last second so as not to crash into the tree, Gasper skidded to a halt. He didn't even brake entirely before he doubled forward, burying his forearms even deeper into his crotch, between his trembling legs. Ah, it's too much! I can't...I can't take it another second! Just running a few feet was too much for his petite body to handle, and his poor, distended, profoundly bulging bladder was bursting at the seams, filled to its last drop with boiling urine. The tip of his member burned like acid, and the base felt heavy, as if an iron weight had appeared beneath his skin. No matter how forcefully he shut his eyes, tried to visualize a bone-dry desert, there was no escaping: Gasper needed to pee.

Unsheathing his arms from their sheath between his thighs, the vampire hurriedly flipped up the front of his skirt, holding the hem in place with his wrists pressed against his waist, and followed it up by wrapping each of his fingers against the elastic waistband of his underwear, shoving them down. With his slender legs still extended straight and close, the white panties slid effortlessly down to his ankles, weighed down by the dark stain in the center. The air wasn't cold, but he still felt a chilly breeze around his now-exposed privates, not helped by the contrast between the environment and his scorching need.

It was this exposure, baring his boyhood in a way that would be rare outside using the little bishop's room, that cued his bladder muscles to loosen up. And as the overstuffed organ voided the dense mass it held in a mad rush to the outside world, the force and thickness of the ensuing stream raised Gasper Jr. up from a flaccid rest, swinging around wildly with nothing to guide it, spraying everything in sight.

"Ah!" This was far from how he wanted to go, and something had to be done about it if he didn't want to make some massive mess. At least it could be partially rectified by lifting his right hand and circling its thumb and innermost two fingers around his penis, aiming it straight to his front at a slight downward angle. Now, it slammed against the rough bark of the tree trunk, splashing back in a barrage of tiny droplets, tracing the lines in the bark on its route down to the base.

Gasper had previously been so paranoid about every little noise in the forest, but now he stood no chance of even being able to hear them. A piercing hiss cut through the air as a gush of clear, gold-tinged water erupted from the miniature hose he kept in his pants, pointed straight and true at the tree, firing a steady surge so forceful that gravity couldn't take hold before hitting the natural wall. This impact assaulted his ears with a noise not unlike a monsoon rainstorm, the hard sound of powerful fluids against an unyielding surface. After all that, he couldn't possibly make out the gentle trickling as his tinkle cascaded down to nourish the roots.

The aim was not steady, as Gasper shuddered constantly, painting much of the tree trunk as he did so. The aftershocks of an exhausting hold ending in blissful relief? That would be the natural conclusion, but one that assumed the existence of any feelings of relief. Actually, even with the undeniable evidence that he had begun releasing his urine, his bladder still cried out in torment, his muscles still killing themselves working overtime. Even though he had "made it", he still fought back, as the sheen of sweat on his cute face could attest to.

He grit his teeth and held his breath, putting all that exertion into squeezing his abdomen to wrench all the water out. It didn't help, and he eventually had to concede, releasing his breath with a loud gasp. Yet, even as the rest of his body heaved and slumped, his pouring flood never changed from a healthy, unwavering fountain spout that just kept running and running, like it would never stop. Gasper didn't have a big bladder; if he used the bathroom, it was a gentle tinkle and it was over quickly, not at all like this.

It was this realization that begat another round of sharp chest expansions and contractions, each backed by a squeaky sob, his rosy cheeks filling out with his eyes pink and puffy, shimmering with hints of tears. "Guh...uguh..." His head drooped and fell forward, bumping against the tree, bringing him face-to-face with his ever-growing "handiwork", puddling on the ground and picking up dirt as the foamy pool encircled his shoes. He was doing something so inappropriate, urinating outdoors, on the grounds of the honored Gremory family, and it just kept spraying out. How could he show his face to the President again after doing something so crude, or to Issei? Of course he'd start crying, blurring and clouding his vision until he had no choice but to close his eyelids, with the futile hope of ignoring his spouting shame.

He quickly had to come to grips with the truth, that he couldn't run from this. Aside from the horrible mess he'd make if he literally tried to run while he was still going, there was just no escaping his actions. Even with his eyes closed, he could feel the rippling heat giving his legs goosebumps, smell the stale stench rising up his nostrils, and he could hear the splatter of pee against a hard natural surface. Two streams, in fact.

Huh? Why are there two? Even if he had an inkling that it could just be his own pee hitting something and splitting as a result, he couldn't keep his eyes shut and couldn't help but look. It sounds like it's coming from lower anyway. What is...WAH! He already had the idea that the sound wasn't his, but his heart stopped like a stake had been plunged through it when he saw the real source of the flowing stream.

From his standing vantage point, Gasper could see the white hair of his friend Koneko from above, since her head was at his stomach level. She was so near that her feet were on the edges of his puddle, even if their legs weren't touching. They were close, though, thanks to Koneko's knees being spread apart as she squatted at the roots. Her uniform skirt was scrunched up to a fraction of its length, and stretched between it and her stockings were her pulled-down panties: a clean white with several strawberries printed on them. That alone would already be a deeply awkward sight for the dhampir, and that was without considering the reason her underwear was off. But he couldn't just ignore the clear, moderate stream of urine jetting from between her legs, forming its own small puddle in the soil to the side of the tree.

Gasper was taken so far aback that he nearly left the underworld itself, and he would have stumbled away if it wouldn't cause a lot of other problems. "K-K-K-K-Koneko, w-what are you doing?!"

She didn't look up in the slightest to respond. "I needed to take a leak too, Gaspy. Seeing you go just made it worse."

"B-b-but you're so close! A-and you're a girl, and I'm a boy!"

"I won't look. Just don't be a pervert like Issei, and I don't care."

"Ah! S-sorry!" He had admittedly been looking down at her, he hadn't seen anything sensitive, but he quickly changed viewing direction and focused solely on the section of tree at eye level, where nothing was happening. He just went back to listening to the rivers. He would have covered his ears to give Koneko a little privacy, if he didn't need his hands for this.

So it was mostly sounds to inform Gasper as to his surroundings, and even then, only what he could discern above his own business. Which meant that, thanks to proximity, he had a front-row seat, in a manner of speaking, to Koneko answering nature's call. Her splashing was a notch louder than his own, but only because she was adding to her puddle directly, not dribbling down through several rivulets first. Still, it was a respectable power, if not particularly desperate, the sloshing echoed consistently throughout the empty forest. Truthfully, it made Gasper nervous, that something dangerous would be lured in by the sound. But Koneko didn't seem to be at all concerned, as she just relaxed more and more into her squat with a gentle sigh. "Phew..."

This was the part that Gasper found most confounding: how casual Koneko could be about peeing in the great outdoors. Yes, she wasn't shy like he was, but it still involved taking their pants off where someone might see. It's so scary, but it's like she doesn't even realize! I mean, why would bathrooms exist if there was nothing wrong with going outside? He just wanted to retreat back into his box and hide from the world, where no one could see Rias Gremory's bishop who had to pee in the woods.

But that would have to wait until he was done tinkling, which did seem to be drawing to a close. Gasper's gushing eased up, though it was still hard enough to cause backsplash, and Koneko's now landed closer to her lowered rump, both diminishing with surprising synchronicity. Still, it was the rook's brook that slowed faster, soon little more than a spattering of warm drops, some sticking so stubbornly to her person that they sooner found themselves creeping just slightly up her butt.

Gasper, meanwhile, was taking a lot longer to finish up. Every time gravity would take hold and cause his pee to curve closer, close enough that it wouldn't even make it to the tree, some hidden well of strength would flare it right back up, near to its apex. It wouldn't last long, but this cycle kept repeating. He kept getting his hopes up, that he might be done with this humiliating display soon, but then he'd just keep leaking. In that moment, it really did seem like he was bottomless. Even when the only thing coming out was a little trickle mostly getting caught on his tip, another secret reserve would make itself known.

Eventually, though, his bladder ran dry, every drop gone. He didn't trust it until several seconds had passed, but when nary a single drop showed itself, his little boyhood stayed limp and still, he had to accept that it was truly all over. "Hah..."

While she had finished her puddle-making some time ago, Koneko had stayed still, basking in the pleasantly warm feeling of relief one gets when releasing a bladder uncomfortably, but not painfully, full. Still, though she had confidence that the two were truly alone, she wanted to get dressed soon. Grabbing a stray leaf that had so luckily rested nearby, she gingerly and thoroughly wiped herself dry, discarding the leaf when she was done to float in the puddle sinking into the dirt. Gasper just shook his penis until it was mostly dry. They both pulled up their panties, adjusted them until they were snug, and let their skirts fall.

Once she had stood up and taken a step back from the vanishing mess left behind, Koneko looked over at Gasper. "You feel better now?"

"Um..." He still couldn't bring himself to look Koneko in the face, and elected to instead keep staring at the tree, practically shoving his head into the bark. "W-well, my...underwear is really uncomfortable now." He spread his legs further apart, shoes splashing in the puddle he still stood in, to keep anything down below from touching each other. That helped his legs, but did nothing for his more private parts all pressed together under the tight, wet undergarments not made for his biology, all sticking together in just the grossest way. He wanted nothing more than to be free from this sensation, but it wasn't like he couldn't just not wear underwear.

"Do you want to borrow mine, Gaspy?"

Gasper just about fainted hearing that. His mind went totally blank, devoid of all thoughts and reason, save for one item. "B-b-b-b-but then y-you wouldn't have any...underwear... W-what if someone saw?!" He shoved his hands to the hem of his skirt, pulling it down, whatever would make it harder for someone to catch an upskirt.

"If that pervert tries to peek, he'll get a foot shoved up his ass."

And now Gasper's hands flew back to cover his butt from any unwanted intrusions. He wouldn't wish that on anyone, so he couldn't put Issei in harm's way. "N-n-no, I couldn't ask you do that! I can live with it, I promise! Although, it is really uncomfortable..." His neck, weak from depression, drooped his head forward into the tree.

Until a hand landed on his shoulder. "AAAHHHHH!" If Gasper hadn't just gone, he would have wet his pants right there. He practically leapt straight out of his clothes in pure fright, and while he wanted to flee as far as his legs could carry him, the small part of him that thought it better to fight back took charge and spun him around, with the intent of freezing his assailant with Forbidden Balor View.

He very nearly did, but only stopped at the last moment, when he saw an unsurprised Koneko standing right there, her right arm raised but pulled back. She couldn't have been caught off-guard, because as soon as the vampire was still, she put her hand on his shoulder again. She had to reach up a little, because even though he was a really small guy, Gasper was still a bit taller. "It'd be even worse if you were totally wet."

"H-huh?"

"Your underwear. You'd be even more uncomfortable if you really pissed yourself. Or if you were still holding it." Even though it wasn't much different than how she normally looked, Koneko's golden eyes seemed to stare directly into Gasper's soul. And, as a dhampir and a devil, he wasn't even sure he had one.

"Y-yeah, so what?" He shrunk back into his clothes, trying to escape Koneko's gaze and grip. He should have known before trying that a rook wouldn't let go so easily.

"So you shouldn't let either one happen. Just take a leak if you gotta."

"B-but, outside?! Isn't that a bad thing?"

Koneko shrugged. "Just don't do it in public, and who cares? If you gotta go, you gotta go."

"Wouldn't the president get mad?"

"Rias? I've told her when I'm going to take a whiz in the woods while we're training, she didn't give a damn. Issei's the only one that would be a creep about it." Her blank face started turning sour, a small grimace transforming her mouth. However, that soon became a series of rapid twitches and blinks. "Ugh, I think some of the spray got on my face."

Gasper jumped back, and hastily started digging through his pockets. "Ah, I'm so sorry! I think I have a handkerchief with me, you can use that!" Yet, even as his hands traced every inch of his pockets, they found nothing.

"It's fine." He looked up, and Koneko had taken care of it. Licking the back of one hand, she rubbed it in circles across her face. Not exactly a normal way to wash oneself, but she seemed comfortable with it. She performed several cycles of this, and eventually decided she was clean. Or, clean enough for now. "I need a bath. Come on, Gaspy, let's go back."

He wasn't going to argue with that, but something about it still felt wrong. "But I didn't do anything today. My Sacred Gear is still weak, and I didn't get any stronger." In fact, it was taking all his strength not to cry.

"Don't be a wuss. You've gotten smarter, that's enough."

"Smarter? How?"

Koneko began walking in the direction of the mansion, leaving Gasper no choice but to keep pace and follow. Not the most comfortable thing with soaked underwear. "You hide too much," she continued. "It's weird. Just be more open. You're among friends." She didn't break stride, but she turned her head back to partially look back at Gasper. "Unless you're a pervert too. Then you die if you try anything."

"O-okay!" Koneko was a bit scary, Gasper knew to take her threat at least a little seriously. Yet, even with that, he felt warm fuzzies in his stomach. She's kinda mean, and she teases me, but Koneko is really a good person. They all are! They know me and they're all still my friends. They wouldn't be mean to me just because I needed to go to the bathroom. Yeah, they're my friends! His smile was bright enough to turn a vampire to ash as he reflected on the Occult Research Club. Until he felt his wet panties squish and squelch in his step. But I still don't want them seeing me before I change my clothes.
