Liberty's Omorashi Stream

Author: CoopsWetting

*000*2019-01-03 03:09

This is my very first short-story that I'm posting, please feel free to leave any constructive criticism in the comments below, enjoy!-----

Side note: Liberty is purely fictional, She is a character that I made up for this story & possible future stories.

It's already been a couple hours of streaming for Liberty. One of her passed times is to game, especially for an audience. Today she was streaming some games and wanted to do an extra long stream for the fans as she just recently hit a follower milestone. Being an extra long stream, Liberty was drinking more water within a shorter amount of time with no bathroom breaks.

As the game went on from 2 hours in to 3 hours in she started to squirm, Liberty was never one for being able to hide these sorts of things and was started to wish she had went before even starting. It didn't take long for her viewers to notice that something wasn't quite right.

Her long-time regulars started to voice a concern in the chat.

"You okay, Lib?"

"She doesn't seem right."

"What's wrong, Liberty?"

"Oh, nothing. Everything's all good on my end." She replied desperately trying to play it off

But the pressure kept building. And it kept building. 3 hours turned into 4. The pressure of her bladder kept building.

By this point, Liberty was looking to leave for a couple of minutes but was worried about how that would be received. She never saw a streamer leave for the bathroom for, and didn't want to be the first. As she tried to continue it got harder for her to play. She couldn't keep focus, Her bladder was too much. A little bit leaked into her soft yoga pants as she desperately tried to keep playing, but it just wasn't going to work. A second later and she was live in front of thousands who were watching her desperately hold her bladder with both hands cuffed into her crotch.

"I'm really sorry everybody. I shouldn't have waited for so long..." She desperately whispered into the microphone on her desk clinging onto the last bit of patience that her bladder could take.

Without much more of a delay, the leaking started more and more before she just couldn't hold it anymore and the urine started to hiss through her yoga pants, down her legs, and loudly puddle onto the floor. Luckily for her, nobody could see the wetting happening; but sadly everybody could hear it loud and clear. The chat started to flood (pun most definitely intended) with both concerns and people making fun of this situation Liberty's put herself in.

The chatbox started to get filled with comments faster than it ever did before:

4:24:44 - "Is she peeing???"

4:24:47 - "F"

4:24:49 - "She Wet Herself"

4:24:53 - "OMG SHES PEEING"

4:24:57 - "She's had an accident"

4:25:01 - "Somebody call the cleanup crew"

Liberty soon finished wetting herself and relaxed as the pressure was relieved. The embarrassment was so bad she started turned redder than a raspberry. Lib decided that the best course of action was just to close out of the game regardless of it getting it saved or not, and just shut down the stream to clean up. From then onward whenever an extended stream was planned she always chose to conceal a diaper underneath her pants, just in case.

*003*2019-01-03 21:49

{{3 hours ago, Melificentfan said:

That was good

}}

Thank You

*004*2019-01-03 21:53

{{3 hours ago, AliasnameTO said:

I don't care for game streamers, but this is really cute. I love your choice of name, too. "Liberty" is both strong and feminine, like the statue. It would be nice if we got a more in-depth look at her feelings, unless this was meant to be a one-shot. Either way, nice.

And someone's got to say it: Ha, "stream" ?

}}

Thank you, & I think I will expand on this character & the world around her. I really like the idea of continuing with the same person for my stories, at least for now. As for her name, I've always loved the name "Liberty", I really do like those strong sounding feminine names as you put it. More of which, will be seen when I take her out of the streaming setting & give her a few friends to interact with. I'm not entirely sure where to go from here but I'll be messing around to see what comes up.

*006*2019-01-04 21:16

{{15 hours ago, AliasnameTO said:

Sounds awesome ? And I especially loved the chatbox! I was thinking about this story while at work earlier and remembered the one person who just commented "F". Started laughing randomly.

}}

I'm really glad it made you laugh. You can expect to see me around more often, I'm considering creating a blog & putting all of the short stories & possible longer ones featuring my characters there but not sure yet.

&&

*008*2019-01-05 00:49

{{2 hours ago, Alex Oxford said:

I dig, I dig....

}}

Thank you, If you wish to see more I've created a blog that has and will continue to add onto Liberty's stories.

