Bad Luck in the Office

Author: Cupcakes85

*000*2021-02-07 02:49

I simply haven't been able to get this story to feel like the series it was intended for in my published works on smashwords, but I didn't want it to go to waste so I decided to share it here! Thea Gardner is a young woman having a very unfortunate evening, but it goes from bad to worse when she bumps into her boss while desperate to pee! Can she get what she needs from her office before things get dire? Can she keep her very pressing needs secret? Find out as I post the whole story over the next few days! Your comments might just influence where things go!

Luck was rarely on my side, but even by my usual standards of misfortune this had morphed into a particularly unpleasant day, enough so that I couldn't help but wonder what I'd done to earn the ire of the universe on a Friday.

On edge to avoid even more mishaps, I tried to keep my nerves from spooking me as I inched my car further up the dark parking garage ramp, so jittery that every shadow seemed to harbor something insidious. Even during the day I was paranoid about navigating the creepy cement structure, so it was predictable that darkness would make it worse, but in my current state it was probably the scariest place I'd ever seen.

Of course, it would have all been more bearable, perhaps only mildly off putting, if I wasn't so desperate to pee.

Keeping my legs locked together whilst putting gentle pressure on the accelerator was no easy task, but the benefit of having even the tiniest bit of aid holding it in made the struggle worth it, especially with my anxiety making it so much harder to relax in any capacity. Fear had me clenched up tight enough to make the swell of my bladder throb in time to every beat of my heart. I was almost as furious at myself for drinking the three cans of juice that had filled it as I was for forgetting my credit card in my office, the stupid decision that had led to me being here now. At least the former dumb move hardly would have been an issue if I had just taken stock of the essentials in my purse before hurrying home. Had I been that careful I'd still be at my apartment now, relaxing after a much needed pee and waiting on my delivery to arrive... Knowing what I was missing only made my bad luck feel like more of a punishment for my recklessness.

My name was a welcome beacon in the darkness, though the bright yellow Thea Gardner hardly stood out over my parking spot as little more than a faint flicker. Still, I parked with expedience, uncertain if my window of opportunity was limited. When did this place lock on the weekends? Hopefully not until later, because if I couldn't get inside and find my card I'd have no choice but to shut down and replace it to avoid theft. As I had no intention of wasting a weekend on the phone, I made speed my prerogative. Hurrying in any way was much easier said than done though.

Wincing as I unbuckled myself, I pressed a firm hand against the front of my flowy white skirt. Ordinarily it was a favorite piece of my wardrobe, owing to how soft and comfortable it was as it loosely hugged my hips, but at present it was anything but. At the moment it felt a great deal tighter around my waist than it ever had. All but squished beneath the loop, my bladder made a point to protest the lack of room every time I moved.

Whimpering as I left the seat and hobbled into a standing position in my little tan heeled sandals, I struggled to rise any higher than a stoop with so little room inside of me to stretch, my legs squeezed together as I held my car door for support. Without an audience to worry about, I didn't feel at all shameful shoving my spare hand into my crotch, my delicate fingers jamming themselves against the entrance as I used my hip to bump the car door shut. Clicking the button on my keys to lock it behind me, I took a breath of preparation to steady my nerves, and waddled straight for the employee entrance.

It didn't take a lot of brainpower to know that getting out of here as fast as possible was in my best interest. A petite blond woman without the ability to run had little to gain from lingering in a dark garage, even one for an upscale stock transfer firm, and thus I wanted to be on my way out as soon as possible. It would be safest for me as well as my panties to do so.

Whining just a little in my pain, I kept my guarding hand between my legs as I shuffled my way to the elevators I could only pray were unlocked. If they had yet to close and were still running full service... well, then there was a fairly good chance I was going to be able to make it to my office and back without any further issue. Fate willing, the bathrooms on my floor might even be open for use! I could take care of two very pressing issues at once and head home to relax.

Interlocking my legs once I arrived at the security panel, I prayed to every force in the universe before pressing the button, knowing that the quality of my entire weekend hinged on whether or not I got a response. It was impossible not to berate myself one last time for rushing home and deciding that the best way to use my free time was to goof off and down a bunch of my favorite fruit juices whilst I did so... I'd been so lost in my own decadence I hadn't even noticed my desperation until I was rushing out the door to retrieve my card!

In a rare show of mercy from the universe, the elevator pinged its ascension when I tapped the button, taking a load off my graceful shoulders so quickly they visibly slackened. Powerful lifts hummed behind the doors without delay, making me sigh in relief even as I remained in my guarded position to hold my pee, endlessly thankful for the good fortune that had smiled down on me for once. Granted, the liquid sloshing inside of me didn't just dissapear once one problem was solved. Every moment marked a gradual increase in desperation as the lift sped my way, encouraging me to take the limited but mostly sufficient amount of time to plan every step I would take. At last the elevator cabin locked into place, banishing terrible thoughts as I prepared to hop inside the moment the doors slid open...

Only to be confronted by a blur of red and a terrifying shout of alarm behind the doors that sent me into full panic.

"Eek!" I cried out helplessly, stumbling backwards with a hand in my crotch and almost falling flat on my ass in the frenzy. A solid cement wall at my back saved me from tumbling but also left me no further room to retreat, not that my legs could have carried me far. Heat in my panties spurred me to keep them locked tight despite the instinct to run, and I froze before the unexpected occupant like a deer in headlights. My eyes stung in the light of the elevator so badly I couldn't see little more than their blurry silhouette amongst the blinding whiteness.

"Thea!?" A familiar voice said just as the stranger stepped forth, their appearance growing much clearer as the primary light fell behind them. Bright red hair on a tall female figure immediately brought me out of my panic, allowing me to recognize a body that I would have struggled to misidentify.

Freya Quinn, my boss and an exceptionally high figure in the company, as well as my hopeless crush, stood before me with an equally frightened expression. It was a far sight from her usual upbeat smile, especially with her fraught expression showing we'd obviously scared each other something fierce. Somehow she managed to radiate authority even when spooked, her wide eyes relaxing as she sized me up and her face returning to one of in control calm. It was a talent I had little capacity to appreciate as I usually would, thanks to my combination of surprise and desperation. Whether her arrival could have possibly been any more inconvenient was a debate I had no time to attempt before she spoke. "What are you doing here?! I thought you went home hours ago."

Words were always tough around Freya, but in that moment it seemed as if I'd forgotten how to speak at all. While her gorgeous body had the ability to tie the tongues of total strangers, I was pathetically smitten with her body and soul, and was overwhelmed enough by surprise and desperation alone to be rendered speechless. Such inconvenient silence was something I at least had experience with when it came to Freya. Finding my voice, I was flustered enough by the circumstances that I had to force myself just to squeak out the simple and honest truth. "I was! That is... I did! I... I was ordering something to eat at home when I realized I left my credit card in my office. I came back to get it."

Freya put a hand on her ample chest and sighed in relief. The purse in her hand was lowered back down to her side, and I realized in a flash it had likely been lifted to swing when she'd briefly thought I was a threat.

Considering I had probably scared her near to getting a punch from her bag, it wasn't surprising that my mundane answer was a welcome anticlimactic explanation, though for my part I was still far from relaxing with my current predicament. "Oh, is that all? Goodness, you almost gave me a heart attack..."

And you almost made me pee myself! I thought on reflex, not angry at her but still so shocked from the scare in my delicate state that it was impossible not to be on edge. Had I not been the type of person to keep an almost paranoid hold on my bladder, that little jump could have resulted in a very humiliating show for the woman whose approval I craved more than anything. Just the thought of such embarrassment made my mind switch topics of its own volition to something more casual. Occupying myself with getting loose blond hairs out of my face and tucked behind my ear, I tried to think of a way to move on from this little encounter with as little lingering awkwardness as possible, hoping that nearly getting clocked by a purse wouldn't color our relationship in the future.

"I just finished a late night, but the doors shouldn't lock for another fifteen minutes or so, and even if they do, I have a master key." Freya said without another word on my part, probably thinking I'd just been startled into scared silence as she moved back into the elevator. All at once the offer surprised, terrified and delighted me. Watching her hold the door open, I found myself completely unable to move from the spot. On one hand this beautiful woman was offering me an act of unparalleled chivalry, and the very thought of that ordinarily would have inspired a lovely fantasy to play with over and over again in my bedroom, but right now I had a very pressing issue that I never wanted her to discover. My hesitation only drew a kind smile and an outstretched hand of invitation. "Come on, we can go grab your card together."

"Oh, you don't have to trouble yourself. It's my own stupid fault I forgot it." I replied as politely as I could, recovering enough to stand tall and remove my hand from my crotch in a way that made it look like I was just adjusting myself. Despite the discomfort it caused to lose the support I kept my face neutral. If at all possible, I wanted to get this done independently and without a fuss, and then put the whole thing behind us without another word. Mostly because the image of forgetting my credit card was not a good one even without the aching need for a bathroom. To my hidden mortification, she waved her hand and dismissed my concerns.

"Don't worry about it. I've got nowhere to be and this place is a lot less creepy with company. Besides; I'd hate for you to end up stuck inside if you get delayed."

That last point ended any potential arguments before they could leave my mouth. As uncomfortable and risky as it would be having her close while so preoccupied, the thought of getting trapped in my workplace overnight was a nightmare of another level. Nothing frightened me more than the image of being locked in and alone, so as awful as I was certain hiding my need to pee would be, it certainly beat out a whole night by myself in a creepy corporate building. Especially one with potentially locked toilets...

"Well if... if it's no bother..." I said as my mind finalized the decision it had to make, my feet finding their balance to hide my previous waddle as I committed to enduring the lesser of two evils. Smiling with as much enthusiasm as I could muster, I took my spot in the elevator opposite her, putting a length of distance between us to better hide my desperation. Hopefully she would think I was just respecting her personal space and not trying to be rude. Fully aware of my bladder complaining every second it wasn't relieved, I kept my smiling mask and spoke cheerfully. "I definitely wouldn't mind a little help!"

Freya beamed with delight upon hearing my decision. "Perfect. Floor five then, your office isn't too far from mine." she said with confidence, making my heart sing a happy note upon hearing her accurately recall the distance. I had to force back a goofy smile; she actually sounded happy we worked so close, and she knew it right off the top of her head! It was an impossibly silly thing to celebrate, of course, being that we were on a team and coordinated with each other often... But none of that logic made me feel any less good to see her key in the number. Leaning just a tad to swipe her card in the panel, her long and wavy red hair spilled over her shoulders as if to tease my affections, the gorgeous locks flashing orange even in the artificial elevator light.

Tall as she was, it took her a moment to tap in her information, and despite having just a few seconds to wait I forgot myself and stared. Few people would have blamed me for being hypnotized; towering over a good portion of our coworkers and curvaceous in a way that typically required a corset to achieve, her thick frame brought out the most primal parts of one's being. Wide hips and an immense chest met in a waistline that cut in for a picture perfect hourglass, resulting in a silhouette so striking it made you wonder why she wasn't a model with such mesmerizing beauty. Even my shy self couldn't help but submit to the desires created by her bewitching good looks, no matter if my feelings were hopelessly one sided.

"Really glad I decided to stay a little longer today! I'd hate to think of you here all alone." Freya said with a turn of her head in my direction, forcing my face to tilt upwards in a flash to hide my staring. I knew such ogling was rude, but I struggled with etiquette whenever she came close, despite all my practice keeping impropriety in check. Being in an elevator with an uncomfortable need to pee was a new factor to contend with.

"It'd be my own fault. I managed to forget one of the only things I can't go without!" I replied quickly, burying any hint of my mortification behind a well rehearsed mask of polite enthusiasm. Despite my longing for connection, I had become so accustomed to disorganized thoughts around her I'd developed quick reflexes to save myself in situations like this one. Being caught off guard would surely result in my fluff addled brain spouting gibberish.

It occurred to my horrified self that, per my own foolishness, I probably was more at risk of slipping up on that front than ever before. Beneath my pretty white skirt my pussy was pulsing in constant, insistent reminders every few seconds to communicate my need for a bathroom, and my mind was in no way unaffected. If anything, the feelings she stirred within me were only threatening to blend with my desperation.

Smiling at my words and heedless to my struggle, my boss leaned back against a railing, her freckled nose wrinkling as her expression shifted to ponderance for a moment. Too weak to resist, I slipped right back into my trance, admiring her beautiful blue top as we descended in silence. It was a deep and rich color, somewhat akin to navy, and it was beautifully tailored to her curves. Had my brain been less scrambled I would have loved to compliment her style, but the opportunity faded when she broke the silence first. "I have a feeling you may have left it behind in a hurry to get home, hm?"

Hearing her sudden "guess" was like watching someone tell the future, and an unfortunate one at that. Based on the carelessness I'd displayed to start this whole mess, was she assuming I'd been lazy and forgetful enough to lose something important? A rush of anxiety squeezed my bladder like a vice, drawing attention to a wetness I prayed was sweat as I rushed to save my image.

"N-not in a rush! I would never-"

"Sweetheart, we're off the clock, you don't have to lie to me. Everyone loves getting out early for the weekend." Freya said, cutting me off with firm but reassuring words and another playful handwave. Hearing the "sweetheart" threw me for enough of a delightful loop to briefly banish all complex thought. I knew she preferred honesty and relaxed informality, but being on the receiving end... In an almost tortuous whiplash, my body surged to giddy heights from the previous depths of its previous worry, and the parts of me under stress felt the shift most intensely. Tingling lips beneath my panties made me wish strongly for something to rub them against, but I was still in enough control to immediately quash the urge. Instead I smiled politely at her welcome reassurance and waited for her to continue.

"Believe me, I've been working here long enough to know people leave as soon as they can. I can't even begin to count how many mad dashes I've had to make back to this office after forgetting something in my own rush for the exit."

Freya was skilled at setting a chill atmosphere through her openness, making it easy for me to relax and forget we weren't just having a chat in the elevator on our way in for the day. It simply seemed far too relaxed for us to be the only two left in the whole building before it closed for the weekend. Still, I happily took the mood over my previous panic, especially as it was a great way to distract myself from inconvenient urges. A firm but subtle squish of my backside into the elevator railing allowed me to hold it with little enough effort, making it much easier to resist the urge to squirm. Feigning comfort didn't eliminate my problem though, especially as I felt the cold railing against my pussy and how it blocked the exit like a dam built before a waterfall. Thankfully just enough mindfulness remained for me to keep talking. "If it had been anything else I would have left it, but I really don't want to have to replace it or risk it being hacked, you know?"

"Absolutely! I know I can't enjoy myself with something like that hanging over my head, and I don't let much get between me and my spring Saturdays. I couldn't even resist wearing this outfit just to celebrate the season change. Are you going to take advantage of the beautiful weather we've got coming in?" she said as we pinged down another floor, enticing me with an innocent enough question. The hug of her skirt and the brilliant blue of her top, which contrasted beautifully against the pale skin of her heaving breasts, took my thoughts to less than pure destinations for a single glorious instant. Oh, what I wouldn't give-

A small bump in the elevator's descent shocked my full bladder with enough force to knock me out of fantasizing, thankfully before I could get lost or do anything I'd otherwise regret.

"Mostly just relaxing. I've been looking forward to some me time with tax season in full swing..." I replied with just a touch of strain in my voice. That little bounce had made it clear I was reaching some concerning levels of desperation, ones which would require me to be quite careful if I wanted to avoid any incidents. Knowing the key to that was saving time, I committed to moving the second we reached our floor, well aware that any kind of delay would cost me dearly. Not that there was any chance I'd ever let something happen, of course!

Freya put her hand to her chest at my mention of tax season, more for dramatic effect than anything else. "Oh, you're preaching to the choir..." she sighed in total agreement, her calm demeanor giving me a touch of relief to see my lackluster acting was still working. Between my locked thighs and infatuation, I had plenty reason to be worried, particularly with her current outfit making it so hard to ignore her assets. Even the hand so playfully held to her chest tempted me by drawing attention to how ideal my height was, as a simple friendly hug would have put my face right between her breasts. In the midst of a thousand yard stare at this revelation my eyes caught her looking me over with a pondering expression on her face, and I was drawn from the heaven of my imagination. I'd done it again!

A barren corner of the elevator suddenly became of great interest, and as I looked away I pressed myself hard against the railing at my behind, clamping down when my shame sent heat surging to places I didn't need the extra stimulation. My throat went dry as she suddenly spoke up, and for an instant I was left fearing I'd been caught this time in my uncontrollable staring, all despite managing to avoid detection so many other times.

"But I can tell you've been working hard. You didn't even have a chance to change out of work clothes, you must have been exhausted when you got home!"

I had to blink in total bewilderment while I processed her heartfelt sympathy. The presumption was unintentionally quite flattering; she thought highly enough of me that she had mistaken my laziness for hard earned weariness. A surge of unbidden heat tingled my pussy and threatened to relax the tightly clenched exit, forcing me to push down hard on my lips to keep my unwanted arousal from opening the floodgates. I was only in my office clothes because I'd been too comfortable to change, as the moment I'd gotten home I'd dumped my whole self on the couch and started binging. In the hours that followed I had only gotten up to grab some drinks, the very same plaguing my bladder now, and had I not needed my card for the delivery order I'd tried to make I'd probably still be lazing around right now. That was one more thing I could never tell her.

"Yeah I... I was super tired, so I didn't change." I said in a mumble of lame agreement, mortified to think back on how my indulgence had caused all of this. If only I'd been diligent enough to realize I had to pee before running back here, or had the control to prevent myself from drinking so much in the first place, or if I had just been smart enough not to forget my damn credit card...

The elevator shifted a fraction before stopping at our destination, giving me some relief with the sign that the better part of the ordeal was over. Though in fairness, the word ordeal only rather loosely fit despite the discomfort, as getting time with the lovely woman escorting me was never without benefits. Had I not been in such a pressing need for a toilet running into her would have been a delightful surprise.

"Here we are! Sorry, I can't turn on any additional lights, once they're off for the weekend they stay off." Freya said as the doors opened to our floor, revealing the rather standard layout of cubicles that led back to more traditional rooms and offices, creating a mixed look of open and closed space. Everything was still and quiet in total contrast to the bustle of business hours, filling me with a touch of fear at the sight of the now unrecognizable and otherworldly space that stretched out into near total darkness. Even the world outside the windows seemed uncharacteristically dark. Gulping down juvenile fears, I put on a smile as I realized I wouldn't have to do this alone.

*002*2021-02-07 17:01

Here's chapter two! As she grows more desperate, so does Thea's situation!

"That's okay, I know the way by now." I said honestly, having walked to my office so many mornings in a sluggish daze that the path was inlaid in my subconscious by now. Wincing as I left the railing behind, I took quick but short steps to keep the pressure low as I left the elevator, a gait that was close enough to my usual shy movements it wouldn't call any attention. Walking in heels was extra awkward and uncomfortable though, especially with every step making my bladder bounce just a bit inside of me. I doubted I'd ever look at my favorite fruit juice blend the same way as before, delicious strawberry mix aside, now that I'd felt the full weight of them in such an inconvenient moment. Good God, the swell of my bladder felt as solid as a rock within me...

"Gosh it's so dark in here now... Working late is so much less creepy with good lighting!" Freya said a little after the elevator had closed, taking its light with it to leave us in even more total darkness. A touch of renewed fear made my need to pee somehow even worse, the instinctive coiling of every part of my body mixing quite poorly with the parts of me that really needed there to be no additional tension. Sweat became perceptible between the gap of my thighs when a painfully obvious solution all but smacked me in the face.

"Wait, I have my phone, duh!" I said out loud as I popped said device from my purse, finding the immediate relief of light to be a godsend down low.

Freya made a noise of approval as I clicked on the flashlight, bringing a brilliant surge of light from the tiny LED that turned the darkness into far less of an imperceptible blanket. After a second of easier navigation I heard her snicker at my side, something that was quickly explained by a voice so laden with mock admonishment I had to turn my head in confusion even before she'd finished speaking. "You millennials, always bringing out your phones..."

Snorting in genuine surprise at the out of nowhere quip, I giggled much harder than I usually would have thanks to the combined absurdity of the comment, the location, and the person saying it. A painful spasm in my bladder was well worth the levity, and in the bright white light of my phone I saw her eyes twinkling with almost juvenile delight at her silliness. It was especially silly when one knew that Freya hardly had any reservations about phone use even while in the office, and only hesitated to use hers because she was a little older and hadn't grown up with them, though her looks would never allow one to guess she wasn't a millennial herself. With the lightness of her little joke I felt even more grateful for her company, and was quite surprised by how quickly we arrived at my window adjacent cubicle.

"Here we are!" I said cheerily, shining my light into the thankfully tidy workspace. Showing off my organization skills was never off the table for me, even in moments like this one, and I took care to sweep the light over my spotless desk to highlight the lack of clutter.

It was the lack of something else that turned my mood to confusion in an instant.

Stepping inside, I swept the length of my desk with my light once more, certain that I must have just missed what I knew had to be there. Nothing but an empty tabletop stretched from corner to corner, without a single instance of the telltale plastic shine I had been so certain would greet me upon my arrival. Confusion turned to panic as I approached the desk to look with more intense scrutiny, hiding my growing unease under a veneer of calm lest I give away that I should have already found what I needed.

Pounding blood in my ears made me dizzy as I scanned like a ravenous hawk looking for prey, my eyes darting over every solid inch of space whilst my heart hammered in my chest. The throbbing of my pulse became perceptible in the increasingly damp confines of my panties, where I could feel just the faintest hint of a tickling right outside my overburdened urethra, as if the panic was seeping into my muscles to make holding that much harder. Between that and the fact that my credit card was potentially stolen I couldn't hold back a soft sound of fear when I expanded my search to the floor.

"What's wrong?" Freya said from the doorway, adding the additional humiliation of having an audience to my list of already overwhelming troubles. There was hardly enough computing power left in my brain to formulate a lie with all of my thoughts focused either on the desperate search or my increasingly pained pussy. It was agony to bend over with my bladder as full as it was, but with still nothing turning up I had to take the chance on the slim possibility the card had been knocked underneath something during my hasty exit. In the darkness I crammed a hand down low as I dropped to my knees, ass facing upwards in a shameless display I was too distracted to tone down, even as I crawled about and sent my white skirt bouncing at the apex of every spastic step.

"J-just a second..." I stuttered between thinly pressed lips, finding nothing and growing more certain by the second my card was nowhere to be found. Unfortunately I had no ability to even ponder where it could be now, as thinking in any kind of depth was well beyond my panicked mind's capabilities. All of this frenzy was greatly increasing my already pressing need for a bathroom, turning it from uncomfortable to uncontrollable and making it quite clear I had a very real limit on the amount of time I had left. None of this made it past my mouth as I kept searching in a vain effort for what I knew wasn't going to be there. "I um... I know I left it here..."

Freya made a soft sound of concern from behind me, where my butt was still bouncing with every hobbled crawl, ample cheeks jiggling hard under the soft tent of my skirt. I was heedless to the fact I was giving her a show even when she blurted out something in realization. "Oh, did you leave it on your desk?"

"Y-yes?" I replied without needing to think, confused enough by the query that I turned around and directed my phone light in her general direction. Sitting back on my heels to keep a hand secure but hidden between my thighs, I had to crane my neck back to look up at her in the doorway, and was briefly distracted from my agony as I beheld her from such an angle. From my spot on the floor her height was overwhelming.

Smiling with the delight of someone bearing very good news, Freya looked down at me like a merciful goddess from atop her heels, heaving chest almost blocking off a portion of her face thanks to my current perspective. My pain was nonexistent and my jaw slack as I looked up at her like an awestruck worshipper. "There's a good chance it got taken to lost and found then! Important things left in the open are picked up by janitors and dropped off there for safekeeping."

The news was a much needed second chance for things to actually work out the way I'd originally hoped. If my card could still be found and easily retrieved, then I had the chance to grab it quickly and get out of here before nature inevitably called. Invigorated enough to regain a far more secure hold on my bladder, I stood back up on my heels with only a tiny wobble.

"Where's the lost and found?" I asked quickly, feeling a great ocean inside of me slosh just from the shift back to a standing posture.

Defiant with my newfound hope, I didn't even wince to acknowledge it as the liquid settled back to pressing down on my pussy, throbbing against the exit as it had before. I wouldn't allow it to hold me under its control while there was still hope.

"Second floor, and I have access to the locker they keep things in. Usually you have to file a claim, but I trust you." Freya replied, taking her card out in preparation as I left my little cubicle to join her.

"Thanks! Let's hurry!" I said as I took the lead, grateful for the new information but not at all willing to deal with my discomfort a moment longer than necessary. At this point I could say without a doubt I'd never had to pee so badly in my entire life. Remembering that my companion had no idea about that, I quickly offered a joking explanation to justify my rapid steps, tossing a look over my shoulder I prayed was relaxed but cheery. "The dark is, uh, super creepy!"

"No kidding, I can't believe how different it looks from the day!" Came the easy reply, the other woman keeping pace with me easily thanks to her much longer legs. Just one graceful stride ate up a number of my less than confident steps. In the quiet following her response I took a glance in her direction, suddenly more aware than ever how grateful I was she'd made the offer to accompany me, and how fortunate I was to have her here with me now. Without her I never would have thought of the lost and found. What would have happened to me if I hadn't run into her before coming down? Would I have been left to search alone in the dark until the locks engaged? The very thought of facing this darkness alone, without her warm and comforting presence to guide me... Imagining such terror made it clear all my discomfort from hiding my predicament was already worth it thanks to what security she gave me.

The elevator came just as another spasm in my bladder cried out for my attention, challenging my ability to remain stone faced but not proving itself to be anything I couldn't handle. It was impossible not to feel a sense of victory as Freya scanned her card and keyed in the proper floor, her calm expression telling me I had locked down my secret like a pro, a feat I never would have thought shy little me could pull off. Granted I still had a very long way to go, but with things playing out like this I would probably be getting out of here before my needs got critical. I'd have my card, I'd be able to speed home and get relief, and I'd have this special little bonding experience with the woman I had such a potent crush on. Having to pee would be nothing more than a footnote when I looked back on this.

"It's been a while since I've checked out the lost and found, being the manager means everyone recognizes my stuff and brings it straight to me. But the security team that manages it is so diligent I know your card has to be there." Freya said as we dropped to the second floor. Wringing my hands on the rail to have something to soothe my need to squirm, I smiled and nodded in agreement, mind going blank when the rapid deceleration created a brief surge of pressure that I hadn't noticed on our last elevator ride.

For a moment the full weight of my bladder felt as if it was pushed straight against the exit, and felt like the force of the elevator fighting momentum to stop its descent added additional gravity to just my body, specifically in areas that I really didn't need any increased strain. The pain was so intense that my surge of confidence briefly faltered. To comfort myself when the sensation ended I reasoned that I was only feeling it now, as opposed to our last ride, because I was less distracted by Freya than I had been before. I reassuringly told myself my need to pee couldn't be increasing that quickly, and I still had plenty of time to get everything done.

"I've never even been on this floor. Where do we go?" I said as the doors opened to show the dark second story of the building. It wasn't too different from our own setup, but I was happy not to waste time as Freya took the lead, guiding me past some cubicles and to a row of more traditional offices with their own doors. Walking as close as I could beside the other woman for safety, it was hard not to notice a growing epicenter to my discomfort that twinged with every step, its size and unfortunate location between my legs telling me it was the exit straining to keep up its hold. The tiny hole was struggling a bit more with every passing moment, something I assured myself still wasn't a problem considering the speed of our progress, and just an uncomfortable inconvenience. With the light on my phone I made out a number of official looking names and titles on shiny plaques, all of which I scanned to occupy myself as we walked. Anything but my painful need was a welcome thought.

"Should be right in here... Oh gosh, someone left this door open!" Freya said as a single tug on the knob swung the door outwards, surprising me enough that I lurched backwards with a squeak. Something hot blossomed in my panties at the movement, making me choke down a gasp of horror as my hand dropped on instinct, the light of my flashlight spiraling chaotically as my phone ended up between my legs whilst my body clamped down for unified resistance.

New wetness made the center of my panties cling to my pussy as droplets I prayed were sweat tickled the inside of my upper thighs, making my eyes go wide in panic even as I regained control. By the grace of a usually unkind God my boss didn't turn and discover me with my hands between my legs, instead reading my reaction behind her back as innocent surprise while she calmly analyzed the situation. "It's not broken, someone just straight up forgot to close up. I'll have to call them on Monday for a serious chat, but at least the lockers are still secure."

Removing my hands from my sandwiched thighs so I could walk, I followed her with speed borne far more from anxiety than before, finding my heartbeat to be a rapid hammering against my ribs. Adrenaline was surging through me like it never had before, to the point where I was almost dizzy with alarm. Thankfully the lockers she'd described were clearly marked for their respective floor, enabling me to point out our own in a hurry. "This one?"

Checking where I'd aimed my phone and my light, she nodded in confirmation, taking another burden off of my mind for a heavenly moment of relief. It was here, we'd made it and what I needed simply had to be here. "That's for everything found on our floor, yup. Just let me scan my card..."

There was a strange and embarrassing urge to shift my weight to each foot as she opened the locker, and I almost gave in during the brief window where her back was turned, wanting so badly to do the silly little dance if it meant just a little less pressure for my pussy to deal with. Getting to a bathroom as soon as we were done here would be my greatest priority, even if I didn't want to admit that I would be in very real trouble otherwise. The very idea of not making it bordered too much on absurdity for me to accept it. Despite my own situation I was convinced grown women simply didn't pee themselves, they held it no matter what, especially in the presence of their gorgeous boss. Keeping my legs crossed the few agonizing seconds it took her to open the locker, I watched with wide eyes as it was opened and caught a bright plastic sheen the moment she was out of the way, its size and color unmistakable even in the dark.

"There it is!" I cried out in near jubilation, tears threatening to turn me misty eyed as I snatched up the little blue piece of plastic and hugged it to my chest. A familiar number beneath my name was as welcome a sight as a treasured friend, and made it abundantly clear the card was mine. Everything had indeed worked out just fine. "Thank goodness..."

Looking over me whilst I shamelessly embraced the little rectangle, Freya cast a glance inside the locker and whistled in awe at the contents. "Good Lord, this thing is bursting. I'll also have to remind everyone else this exists, seems your not the only one!"

Though her word choice struck a very sensitive nerve, I realized when she said it that I had barely noticed the bulging amalgamation of jackets, mugs and knick knacks in my fixation on my credit card. My lack of interest hadn't changed now that I had what I needed safely in my hand. While I did feel a reflexive touch of pity for all the poor souls missing their things, my only focus now was getting out of here, to the point I could barely feign interest in anything else as I slipped the card back inside my little purse.

"Sure. Let's get out of here for now though, I'm sick of the dark!"

Clicking the locker shut, Freya made a soft chuckle of what sounded like agreement, moving with some additional speed but not as much as would have been ideal for me. There was no way I'd tell her to ever speed up, but it was hard not to feel the prickle of impatience down my spine as she went back to the door at a regular pace. Only my continued need to hide my desperation kept me from bounding ahead. In fact, the moment we parted ways I'd probably take off like I never had before, and I would absolutely be driving as fast as the law allowed to get home. As she reached for the handle I did a quick series of calculations in my head, running through how long each step of the way would be on my journey home. To my relief, I reasoned I would be safely back at my own apartment comfortably within the window of time I presumed I had left until-

And ominous click of the lock shattered my internal scheduling.
