A night of desperate ladies - CYOA Style Story

Author: cwpee

*000*2021-07-09 21:06

This originally started as a highly modified version of the old Melissa game where I used the base game engine and turned into a CYOA style story/game. I've been playing with for the last several years off an on, and I recently discovered there are online platforms for CYOA games which has allowed me to much easily write the story.

I've only just started porting over my text from the game, and have been editing heavily as I go, so there's only a small portion of it complete. All of the dead ends should be clearly marked, and I do have a "Main" story line about 75% complete on one of the 3 primary branches.

Let me know what you think!

%https://infinite-story.com/story/info.php?id=24087

*002*2021-07-10 00:51

Thanks! I should have put in a warning about the varying quality - it ranges from 2nd draft to an bare outline depending on the section, and that's counting the multiple dead ends. I was a little hesitant about making it public at all, to be honest. I'm definitely going to go back and edit things, but for now I'm trying to at least get one complete path that is relatively fleshed out.

Edit: I'm definitely still playing around with the opening, too, as I'm not happy with it yet, but it at least gets the story going.

*004*2021-07-11 03:44

I question my stamina sometimes as well! I have been working on this off and on for years, but I'm hoping I can work on it a little more reliably now that I found an easier way to do this.

*006*2021-07-13 06:06

LOTS of progress today! I fleshed out a bunch of the existing "Rooms" and added a bunch of new ones. Where originally there was really only a single path, there are now multiple different branches. Depending on choices you can either masturbate together (these are still very good options, in my opinion) or have sex in various ways with the main girl, Jenna, while she is really desperate to pee. Once you get to the house with the two friends (currently the only real path available), about 95% of the rooms are at least in place with a brief outline. Most are either pretty much done are at least partially fleshed out until you got close to the sex parts, but after that many are just storyboarded. Now that the bones are laid out, hopefully I can start focusing on turning the rest into an actual story.

*007*2021-07-14 04:32

Not too many rooms worked on, but I fleshed out some of the sex scenes. I particularly proud of this one: https://infinite-story.com/story/room.php?id=196974

I wish I could say I came up with that off the top of my head, but other than the last line it is exactly what happened the first time I had sex with my wife when she REALLY had to pee.

*008*2021-07-16 05:35

I've made some more good progress - the path with the 2 friends is basically complete, other than some of the lesser used branches. You should be able to make it all of the way through as long as you avoid the (Not Started) choices. I'm sure there will be further editing and elaboration, but it is now a passable story front to back for all available branches.

*009*2021-07-16 21:11

Last update until next week, probably. I finished out the whole section with the friends at your house. I've got a whole 2nd "chapter" planned for this story where you end up in a threesome with both of them, and an entirely separate branch where you go to their house and hook up there. Both of those will be down the line as I think I'm done with them for the time being. When I start back up, it will be on one of the other 2 girls from the bar.

